
Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to affect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick. Cut bacon now and enjoy Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway.


It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from Chobani General Mills Cereal. Pete's coffee and coffee mate. For quick breakfast favorites. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details. Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chu of casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it.


Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. That's chumba casino.com and live the Chumba Lights Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary V GW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply The Volume. The 82 game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals. Draftking Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more.


Download the Draftking Sports Book app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance.


See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources. Rookie quarterback Caleb Williams. Hey, made news, Hey, made news this week when he, when when his teammate Kevin Byard revealed that Caleb asked his teammates to be or more organized and clean in the locker room. Mm. Bayard said, first thing Caleb said was, Hey man, we're all grown men here. He was like, we're getting a little too sloppy. We're leaving water bottles, towels, all types of things around custodians. Have a lot of square footage that they have to cover in this whole building.


Let's try to help them out by cleaning up after ourselves. Shit, what it seems. Mighty tur took issue with this and went on Craig card and said some rookie that hasn't played one snap wearing fingernail polish. Now he's gonna come in here and tell me, Hey Russell Wilson 2.0, rookie clean up after me. How do you feel about this Ocho? I mean, I understand what Caleb Williams's talking about. This is NFL locker room. It's going to get messy. It's going to get junkie. People's lockers are gonna be junkie. There are very few, very few players, very few that keep, keep it neat and tidy and neat the way you do your home. Very few.


But I understand. That's why I think where he was coming from, he was coming from was a good place. Good Place. You're coming from a good place. I understand. Understand what Ammani tumors talk about. You haven't done anything yet, you know to be, but again, you are the leader. You are the first round pick. Yep. You are probably going to be the team captain as well. Yep. So from that standpoint, I get where it was coming from. But again, also there's a certain thing as a rookie telling vets, and I don't think he meant it in that way. It wasn't malicious. No ill intent just about, you know, keeping everything right and making a custodian job easy. So it didn't have that much to do. Yeah. Oh, for for sure. Ocho I mean, some of them, some of my teammates, I put shoes on to go in the house.


Tim's hazmat soup. I know what you, ain't no way. You look at that locker and you look at the way, I said, ain't no way, ain't no way in hell I would ever eat. Right. I'd have to be a hostage to eat at your house. Right, right. Ah, Hell No. Yeah. I kept my, I actually, I had two lockers. I kept my lockers clean. I'm talking about Lysol. I sprayed stuff was organized. Shoulder pads hung Right. Everything against the wall. Everything, nothing was outta place. Right, right, Right, right. Come to my home. It's the exact same way. Yeah. Come to my car. It's the exact Same way. Same way. Yeah. Yeah. Exact same way. No, I don't, I don't, I don't do mess. I don't do clutter.


Right. And you not finn to come in my house and clutter it up. No, not at all. I mean, no mine, my no, I, I wasn't the, I wasn't a neat freak. I didn't have OCD with it, but it was, it was, it was decent. It was decent. It wasn't, it wasn't crazy. It wasn't crazy. I had, I had my, I had my four helmets. I had, I had two, depending on how I felt. I had four helmets in my locker depending on what I, what I wanted to wear. Shoulder pads, white shirt, black shirt, gray shirt. Two three pair, three pair of sweats. I used to like, you know, I, I used to love to practice in long pants. A orange pair, a black pair and a white pair. And that's it. That's it.


My la my laundry bag. And that, that was, you know, my toiletries obviously. And that's it. Nothing else. If you going to either side of me, you had to keep your locker clean too because you ain't finn to drive down my property value. Yeah. The property value. We used to say that too. We used to say that too. That thing, this my property. Yeah. You driving down the value. Clean that issue up, clean that issue up the Line. The lineman of the worst. Yeah. And you ain't got, you ain't gotta clean it up. But I guess what, I bet your stuff be on the other side tomorrow. The linemen are the worst. Oh man. This joke got man, they stuck. Nah, I Remember them days. Oh Joke. Everything was so, I, man, it's like man, sharp. Why you, I go over there every Tuesday now I, I put the stuff, but Tuesday the day off, I'm going in there getting my workout in.


I got Lysol, I'm beating out, making sure everything. I got the vacuum. I'm vacuuming 'em out my locker. I'm making sure everything nice and neat along the way it's supposed to. That's, come on guys. It don't take that much. I get it. I get it. That's somebody's job. But damn, You ain't gotta make a job. You ain't ain't, you ain't gotta make Job hard. You gotta make it harder. Yeah. Hold on the basket right there. You gonna throw your, the ba you throw your stuff right there on the floor. You can't get your big lazy ass up and throw the stuff, put the stuff in the basket. Come on man. You cut your tape off OCHO and the trash can right there. Yeah. And they, they ocho leave it right there on the floor or they miss or they miss the trash can and never coat.


Never go pick it up. I I'm like, bro, pick that up. Yeah. Oh Yeah. I remember. I remember day. I get it. KI get it. Kayla Iani Was snapping boy. Iani was snapping Ani. Look, it all depends. He, somebody Never, somebody in the chair said, God, UNC, you had a vacuum in the locker room. Oh yeah. I had a little mini back. I did, I had a little mini back. Yeah. The little, like the little, the little ones when you Hold with the handle. Yeah. Little dustbuster dustbuster. Yeah. Well you, that you, you tripping. Ask.


Oh look, ask getting my teammates. I tell you my stuff. You, hey, I can go, lemme go in any locker room and I can tell you how serious he takes it. Right. Because I'm gonna look and see what he got in his locker. Yeah. That'll tell me the seriousness of it. Of how he takes it. Yeah. Oh shoot, boy, that's, that's o you had that OCD Boy, I'm, I'm like that with everything I'm gonna give. I'm all, I'm all, that's what I gotta be. Yeah. That's why I gotta be careful what I give my time to. Okay. I see what you're saying. I see what you're saying. Yeah. Because they know I'm all in. Yeah. Once I start working, it's work, work.


Everybody knows that. I know. Like kids call, they know like certain times they call, they gonna call. And I know according to when they call the seriousness of the call. Right. But yeah, that's, that's, I am Ocho ocho check this out. Yeah. The NFL is shutting down Rule book, loophole. Loophole that the dolphins 49 ERs rhymes were exporting during the 2023 season. The Miami Dolphins office took the NFL by storm last year with big reason why happened because of Mike McDaniel implement, implemented a news pre-snap motion that allowed his speedy players like Tyreek Hill to thrive. At one point last season, 49 ERs, Kyle Shanahan referred to the movement as cheat motion.


And it seemed the NFL agreed with that assessment for the 2024 season. The dolphins could be penalized if they continue to use the motion due to the new rule that's being added this year. I think I already know what they're talking about. It gotta be when Tyree comes in motion to the on to the bunt. To the bunt side. Yeah. And he run and, and he run straight. He either runs a stop or he just keeps going deep. That, that has to be, that's the only one I can think of. Yeah. So what they want him, he has to be, he has to be at a standstill. They Want you to square, they want you to square up. Square Up. Okay. I see. I see what you mean. Well, hell, either way he, if he gotta run and start or if he square up, it is still gonna be the same result. Yeah. Okay. I, I see, I see what you mean. I knew exactly what you were talking about as soon as you said it.


Yep. We talking about the dolphins because Tyreek, I mean only word with Tyreek because you gotta have blister Now maybe Xavier, maybe the Kansas City was thinking about using it with Xavier. Worthy. Worthy. Yep. But you definitely, you definitely gonna have to have some guy with some speed or it doesn't work. Is that one of the questions? Are we still Ash? NF NFL Motion Loophole round for the nine ERs four rank in the top five quarterbacks. The likelihood succeed this season. Is that, is that where we going? And, we got, is that the question you want me to ask? Ash Ocho question went viral today.


Yeah. The Pettiest reason you stopped dating someone. Oh, right. I I remember that. I remember that easy. I had a, I was dating this chick, man, she just gonna have to get mad. I was dating a chick. Right. You know? Yeah. You gotta understand, you know, we, we engaging in conversation. I told her I was gonna pick her up and I, I went to her house and you know, I am, I, I'm, I'm very open. I'm very open with everything and, and the way I move as far as using the bathroom, you know how you say you don't play that? Oh, I don't care. Yeah. I went to use the restroom. I went to do number one ate miss before we leave ba let me use the restroom real quick. I went to go pee. I look at the toilet tissue. Unc, she got one ply unc, she got one ply toilet tissue.


How you want me to take you to, to Chris Ruth. And you got one ply toilet tissue. That mean you don't even take, you not even taking your, your, your hygiene serious because you got got one ply in here. But you want to, you want me to take you to Chris Ruth? Like your priorities is all mixed up. Like, what, what is you doing? What are we doing? They been like, at least have two ply toilet tissue in your bathroom. Yeah. When you have guests that let me know you're not serious. Lemme know you're not serious about your hygiene, But you ain't got it like that. Don't y But if you ain't got it, like then why the hell you wanna go eat at a goddamn steakhouse like Chris Ru Because you got it like that. Yeah. But no, I don't need you to, I, I need you to be a asset, not a liability.


Like let's, let's start from the ground up. Let's work on getting you two ply in here and then we'll work our way to g to going to nice steakhouse and shit. I don't even eat that goddamn, that, that, that Chris root shit. That's not even, that's not even for my palate. But here you go. I'm ready to try to take you serious. I was willing to go to, you know, and that just, that threw everything off. Huh? Like, like what, what are we doing? Like that don't make no Mandy would look, there there been a couple of ojo. I one Yeah. Chick passed gas. I was done never called again. Wait. Just, just come of that. But I thought he was disrespectful, Ocho.


Okay. I see, I see. Thought was disrespectful, but y'all ain know each other. Lemme tell No, no. We were cool and I really liked her. She was ooh Lord back. Hey Ocho. And you let her go. Just 'cause of that Ocho because I thought she, I thought she was disrespectful Ocho she one foot from being in the bathroom. Right. Done. Maybe she couldn't hold it on. That's a part that's, that's that's human nature, huh. Well, I mean, what we doing It is, it's Like it's, I I fought around real, real fought fought around me. Ooh. You know, I sometimes we even rate the smell, you know, one to 10. No, no. She right there she was, she was run foot from being in the bathroom.


It was like all she had to do was take her up. No, no. And then, and then this one chick Ocho. Yeah. I just like the toilet seat was up. Okay. What's wrong with that? Okay. Me, you got another dude coming over. Women always put the toilet seat down. I ain't no, ain't no sense in me bothering it. I'm out. Wait, she left the toilet seat up? Yep. Wait, what if she was cleaning before you got there and it just happened to still be up? Nah, and I saw, I saw peace. I saw peace stains. Oh. So that mean that, that means somebody been over there. Pen. Yeah.


Woo. There. It's, Hey Boy, you And it wasn't me. You were, Hey, that's a good one, UNC. So fellas, if you had that date, anybody, and she's saying you're the only one she's dating and you go to her house. That's a good one. Check the toilet. Even, Even if it's down. Even if it's down, lift it up. See if damn. Peace stains on the rim. Ooh, that's a good one. Oh look, I listen, I'm, I'm locked in. I'm excited for the people in the chat that might be dating somebody. They gotta go check a toilet. Matter of fact, record it and send it to me, fellas. I wanna, I wanna see that's, that's dope. That's a good way to catch it too. I, I, I, I try. Look at this. I ain't look, That ain't petty is it? That ain't petty. Nah, I just, because I don't wanna put myself Outlook because as I, as you know, I started like, I was like with my brother, I started to be a little bit cautious.


Right. But I still wasn't as cautious as I needed to be. Right. Because it wasn't me. Right. But then as I got into the league, and then I started out like, man, I can't, man, like I said, some of the stuff I've told you that happened, I was like, man, I can't keep putting myself No, no. Right, Right. It's a recurring theme. You keep putting yourself in these situations. Nah, I'm Done. I'm Done. Damn. That's a good one. Unc. I ain't never thought about that. Man. Check the toilet. Lift the toilet up. See, to see if you see Peace. Ain't to let you know that nigga a dude been there. Oh, that's a good one. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm out, I'm a, I'm out the game now. But you just, you dropped some dollars for them boys in the chat though. Oh, you, Hey boys support a time that Ocho. Yeah. In college. They tell you I disappear from Friday to Sunday.


Right. Man. Hey, they man, what's your where shot? They see me next day. They see me Sunday about two o'clock. I'm laying in my bed looking up at the ceiling. Man, haw where you been man, Sean? Where you been? Because God, people, they talk too much. Right, Right, right, right, right. Yeah. Yeah. Ain't no nothing. Ain't no nothing. That's how you gotta keep it. Hey Ocho, they say if Shannon, if you was any kind of, if you any kind of animal, what would you be? Everybody say they, they're a lion. Yeah, I'm a leopard.


I travel by myself. Yeah. I hunt by Myself. Yeah. That way Anything happen talking. Yeah. You know where it came from. Yeah. I I know. I know. So that's just me guy. Everybody. I, man, That was a good one. Y'all Talking about, man, you got got too much too. That's why he ain't, this ain't that. Okay. Y'all make it seem like I'm, I'm stressed. Right. You, you, I'm happy Ocho got hook ocho hooking up. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They gonna be bad. Hey Derrick, you almost heard me slip up, huh?


Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I almost said that word. That Alright. Ocho. Yo, now it's time for Ocho favorite segment. Oh, Let me get, let me get my hat. Lemme get my hat. Hold on. Hell, I can't pronounce some of these words. Oh lord. I don't know what? I don't know what a clean lady put. Ah, dang, man. You ain't got a good look hat Chad. Ain't no telling. Oh Lord. I don't know what a clean lady put my hat on.


Alright, well, Ocho, let's give it a, let's give it a swirl. Ocho. Ah, I don't know what's gonna happen. Oh Lord. I mean, you like, you like Samson without his hair. Oh, That, that's just what I feel like right now, man. Damn. Okay, come on. Let's, we gonna, we gonna, we gonna give it, we gonna give it a try. We gonna give it a try. The first word is ostentatious ostentatious. Austin. Austin. Austin. Austin. All right. It, it is probably gonna be wrong, but I'm finna give it a go. Okay. You ready? Yep.


A-U-S-T-I-N-T-A-C-I-O-U-S. Ostentatious. O-S-T-E-E-I. It was, it's a fucking old Man. T-I-O-U-S. Ostentatious. My Bad. My bad, my bad, my bad. See, I ain't got my hat man. I ain't got my hat. And I spelled it like Austin, Texas, like a damn idiot. I'm tripping. Okay, Number two. I think this is Accu. Hold On. You don't even know how to, you don't even know how to pronounce it. And I gotta spell it. These are the words that, that you sent in that you wanted to spell.


Accu. Huh? Accu. A US Accu? Yes. Can you use it in a sentence please? You know what Ocho I didn't really want to do this, but I Accu West. What? It's when you give in. Oh, when you give in Accu? Yes. Alright. I, I'm, I'm, I'm I'm gonna take a swing at it. I, I, I, I might, I might strike out like Aaron Ju, but act acu.


A-U-S-A-Q-U-E-S. Acu. S-A-C-Q-U. Oh man, come on Man. SE How was I supposed to know that? Unc? I've never used that word in the, You know what, Ocho this is an easy word for you. What you mean? All of them be easy, but you gotta gimme something. I've, I actually used before. I've never used Obfuscating.


I think it means to put off. Y'all like me words. I'm giving y'all like me words. I'm giving on show tonight. And. We playing spelling bee on all mad, man. What the hell we got going on In. Oh, okay. It's to render obscure, unclear, unintelligible. Hey, you wanna get me you 75?


Where were first? This 75. You got my stomach hurting man. You gotta be crying. You gotta be crying over here. Hell no. Hey, what's the word again? Say the word Ob obs you got, it's easy.


I never heard that shit before. Obfuscate. Okay. Okay. Alright. I'm, I'm finna give it a try. Obfuscate. Let me sign it out. Lemme sign it out. Right. Let me use one finger and sign it out. Obfuscate. Okay, you ready? SAVE Skate. S-K-A-T-E Or maybe S-C-A-T-E-O-B-F-U. Oh my God. S-C-A-T-E obfuscate A.


Well you got me, you got me over here in tears? Hell no. Hell no. Boy. You got all, I can't even pronounce one. You been saying all of never heard this shit before. Abs they say, Hey my stuff, boy.


You got me a tear though, man. Hell Gone. Ab ned, ab ned. Oh shoot. Hell no. Abscond. I'm Finn take a, I'm finna take a swing at it. Ab I know AB is a s So Ab. Yep. Okay. Boom. Ab scon. I mean it better be SCON Abco Ab SOND. Abs Okay.


Ocho. The last word. A boo. I boo. It's showing liveliness enthusiasm, boo. Oh shit.


You got my head hurting. Oh shit. Hell Nah, boo Boy. This is fucking classic A boo. Oh shit, boy. You got my stomach hurting. Okay. Oh, a boo. Yep. I'm take a, I'm take a swing at it. A boo. A-B-U-L-I-N-T bulent. E-B-U-L-L ie NTA.


Well that hat, that hat got miracle power. Hey, It Don't matter what hat I wore tonight. I wasn't get none motherfuckers Right. You could hat bad hurt. Hello? Hey. Huh? Boy. Oh well my, well my aga feel my abs well my abs hurt boy.


You got bad head hurt. That Was classic. That that Was classic Man. I know. I finna get something from the 1912 Olympics. Hey Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from Chobani General Mills Cereal. Pete's Coffee and Coffee mate. For quick breakfast favorites. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions, visit Safeway dot com for more details.


Hey, it is Ryan Seacrest. There's something so thrilling about playing Chumba Casino. Maybe it's the simple reminder that with a little luck, anything is possible. Chumba casino.com has hundreds of social casino style games to choose from With new game releases each week, play for free anytime, anywhere for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Join me in the fun sign up now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply. Are you ready to have your baking loving? Mind blown? Well, here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection.


Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours, but Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Big cut Bacon still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed. You can get a full night's sleep. Hell, you could wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy.


You won't be disappointed. All right. Ocho payback. T Chad Here We goche. Oh, unc Chad. Here we go. Oh, fat is sweating there. All right, here we go. Question number one for Dunk on Unc. What year did NFL hold its first Hall of Fame game? Fame game. What year did the NFL hold its first Hall of Fame game? Oh shit. Yeah, I know, I know how you feel.


Oh my goodness. Boy, that was funny. Oh man. Yeah, I know, I know, I know. I give a hint. Gimme a hint. Frank Sinatra performed at Carnegie Hall this year, 1963. Wrong, but you was close. You know why you was close? Because you performed at Carnegie Hall in 19 19 62. But you was right. You was right. He was right there. And he did perform at Carnegie Hall in 1962. Okay, here we go. Second question. What two players from tonight's Hall of Fame game franchises are being enshrined in the Hall of Fame this year from the two teams that are playing tonight?


Who playing tonight? I ain't telling you. Don't chat. Don't tell him. Oh, Kevin Hester. Okay. And Andre Johnson. Okay. And listen, I gave you that one, you know, because, because I'm a friend. I gave you Yeah, I gave you an easy one. I gave you that one. But I got one for you right now. And you ain't gonna get this one. Just, just to, just to bring you back down to earth. Okay? Name the last four american hundred meter gold medalist. The last, The last four male hundred meter, excuse me, gold medalist In 2004.


It was Justin Gatlin. In 2000. It was Maurice Green. Hold on, hold on. It look like you, it looked like you're reading something now. It look like you're reading something. No, I'm ju no, no, no, no. Justin Gatlin in oh four in Athens. 2000 Mo Green is Sidney. Yep. Are we counting, are we counting Carl Lewis in 88 being suspend receiving the gold after Ben Johnson? Or we just going straight to 88? I mean 84. Nah, we, we can count, count Carl. We, we can count that. And then I'm gonna go Jim Hines in 1968.


Justin Gatlin, 2004 Athens, Maurice Green, 2000. Sydney Carl Lewis 88 and Soul Carl Lewis. 84 8 84 LA 84. 84 in la. Okay. I was just making, I was just making sure I threw Jim Hines in there just in case you wanted to say either I want he, I just, I just threw that in there. Ocho. Yeah, I just threw That in there. Yeah, technically because you ain't say Carl Lewis twice. You wrong I did OCHO don't do that. Ocho you know what I did? I see what I did. I plugged in, don't you? I logged in. I have logged on now. Nah, I done logged on. Don't you? You lemme plug the computer up. Okay, here we go. Number four.


Yeah. You ain't getting this one. What's seven events? Makeup? The hip top, the lawn, the hip Heptathlon 800 meters. 800 meters. 200 meters. Wait a minute. Listen to me now let me try again. Hep what? Seven events make up the Yes Heptathlon.


The heptathlon is, is, is is the female version of the decathlon, which is 10 events. The Javelin Seven. I'm waiting on you. Okay. So the 200 meters, the 800 meters, 800, 200 Javelin high jump.


A hundred meters long. Jump in the no. Yeah. Long jump in the hurdles. That is absolutely wrong. The seven events that make up the Hep Pathon are the 60 meter sprint, the long jump, the shot put, the high jump, the 60 meter hurdles, the pole vote and not the 800 meters. 1000 meters. No, that's not true. The Helon. Yes, The Helon with Anna Hall.


Before we, before we ask these questions, we fact check everything before we put these questions in. These Are answers. No, they weren't hundred gocho. It's the hundred. No, they don't do that. Okay. No. Lemme see. So you gonna, you gonna tell my you you gonna tell my computer yes. That my computer's wrong? I know I'm right. Tell him, tell him I'm long gone. Yes, I'm right. I'm logged on. I told you to. What they don dial up? He cheating. He cheating. Hold on. Y'all better I correct the computer.


Who you think put the, who you think put the information in Big blue? That big IBM computer that spit out that information? Who you think programmed it? Ocho Man. Damn. Fly in here, man. Okay, I'm gonna, I'm let, I'm let slide with that one. You ready? I'm gonna, I'm gonna let you slide with that one. What you, what you what you what? Three from four? I was logged on. You know I plugged in right now. How Many you got? How many? I'm gonna let you see this ax chord. How many, how many of you got wrong? One. Okay. Missed that by a year. All right, you ready for ready for your last question?


I'm ready. A Kenyon has won the 800 meters in the last six of the last nine Olympics. Name the three non-kin runners in the nation. They represent Who won the other three? Oh yeah. Goodness. Yeah. Yeah. In the Olympics. That's what we talking about. You said the last nine Kenyan has won the eight hundreds, the 800 meters in the last six of the last nine, nine Olympics. So there are three that have won that haven't been Kenyan. Who are the runners and what nation did they represent?


Come On, sit. Now you talking about the nations. Now I gotta give you the runners and the nation. Oh really? I mean, yeah. That, that ain't, that ain't bad. That ain't bad as some goddamn questions. These damn words you asked me to spell that I never heard before? Yeah. Yeah. I don't even know. I can't even know. I'm gonna say I just struck those, some, some countries out. I don't even, I don't even know the names. Right. I'm gonna say Uganda, Ethiopia and Uganda.


Ethiopia and I dunno. Yeah, you might as well just mark this one as wrong. So, Alright. Three out of five ain't bad. What is it? All The three non-kin runners in the nation, they represent were Norway's Bajo, Rual, Germany's Ns, Schumann and Russia's. Yuri was Aki. I've never got that from Yeah, I know. I know. Just like, I ain't never get them damn words. You asked me to spell night.


Oh. Alright. Ocho, last our last segment. Segment of the day. Oh That was good. It's called Q and A Q and A. Oh my goodness. That was good. Billbo swag, man. Where on find these are key in the B ass words. Ocho say Ocho say he trained a Kely. So I expected him to have all the answers. Hey boy, that was cla that was classic. I, I ain't know none of that. That was funny. Frank Ru said, y'all make sure y'all get some shit by La Porter. It's really good.


We made it the unofficial sponsor of our channel. Great job with that. Unc Chad. Don't forget us brother. Way to represent the 3 0 5 Much love guys. Well they do home Appreciate that bro. Well they do Home Fame. Appreciate The support man. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy. Ocho let unc plan your bachelor party. Bachelor party. I don't even, I don't even party. I don't even celebrate my own birthday. I doubt I even have a bachelor party. Alright. What, what you think? I mean, if, I mean, look Bachelor, if that's what you wanna do. If that's not what you wanna do, don't do it. I Mean, I listen if it's something I've never done before, if I got great idea, I got great ideas with your money.


With who? With who? Money. Your money and your bachelor party. That's, that's fine. That's fine. As long as we doing something I like to do. You know, anything that involves cigars? Any that involves, you know, live music, jazz, preferably. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Cigars. I'm getting my Clint on. Wait, it is like a bachelor party. Does it always have to involve women? No, It's your part. It's your night. I Know, I know it. This is your last night? Yeah. My La as a free man. Yeah. So if it is my last night, it is a free man. Does that mean I should do something that I wouldn't be able to do once I'm locked in?


No, you can't do look, don't do anything that is real. Find out. That's gonna be the shortest, that's gonna be the shortest marriage in history. Yeah. That they they ain't, yeah, they ain't ain't, they ain't, they ain't. That's not a good look. That's not a good look. Yeah. Hey, so, so yeah. So Doc, I don't think he gonna let do that. Landy Ray said, Hey guys, what would you say your love language is? Physical touch, words of affirmation, quality, tired, receiving gifts, acts of service. What's yours? Ocho? Damn, that's a good question, man. And I, I think this is, I'm, I'm, I'm glad you asked because I mean, think rarely. And I had this conversation and she at told me like, like, damn, you, you are so easy to deal with because I don't, I don't want for nothing.


I'm, I'm so simple, uncle. I mean, yo, you, you follow me the chat, they follow me throughout the years. You follow me on social media and you can see how simplistic my lifestyle is. And I'm not really complicated by, by any means. My love language. Like, fuck damn. What would it be? Damn. That's a good question. Me. You like gifts? Nah, I, no, I don't really care. I don't really care for gifts, babe. Hey, yeah, I don't really care for no gifts. Hey, hey, what is, hold on. This is a good question. Now I really wanna know the answer to this 'cause she gonna be able to say it right off the back.


Hold on. What she say? Okay. Okay. She said, she said attention. Yeah. Attention. Attention, attention and affection. I know what yours was. What Attention? Yeah. Okay. Okay. She said when you shoot, you didn't have anything. As long as you have something to occupy your time, My time being Okay.


You good? That's a good one. That's a Good one. But when you don't have anything to occupy your time, you want her to be attentive to bingo. Youo. That's why we had that problem the other day. We had a matter of fact. I'm so glad you said that. Speaking of unc, we got into it again. What happened? Unc, we got into it again. I, I I I bullshit. You not, and I'm not even playing it. She right here. Unc you know, you y'all have first watch out there where you at First Watch. Yeah. First watch. It's like, like a Denny's IHOP a little bit more. I don't wanna use the word upscale, but look more Oh, until he froze. Yeah. So I mean, I'm eating breakfast, right? Yes. I'm eating breakfast.


I get my normal, I get my, my french toast and I get mistaken eggs. Right, right. And I get my fruit bowl. So she called my phone. So I place the phone up, I got the phone in my hand and I'm eating my food. Right. So I got, I got my sunglasses. I got my sunglasses sitting on my head. Right. My sunglasses fall by accident. Right. Not by accident. Yeah. And I put 'em back up real fast and the waitress was in front of me. Rail. Rail. Rel think, who is that somebody sitting at? She say, man, who in the fuck is that sitting in front of you? I know you not fucking playing with me.


Put your glasses back down. So I took my glasses and I'm like, and I put 'em down on the table. She like, Chad, don't you fucking play with me with who in the hell thought I feel you in the background. Real Laughing. And like, she think it's funny. She say, I say, Mike, what are you talking about? Turn the camera around. I turn the camera around. Didn't turn the camera around. He didn't turn the camera around. Hold on. Listen. I turned the camera around. I plate the food is right there. My french toast. I had finished already. And I'm, I'm eating my steak and eggs. I'm like, man, what is your problem? Then the waitress comes right back out, right again. And now the waitress nervous 'cause she could hear cursing and I'm confused. Ra you acting up like that ra It was, it was, it was, it was, it was so, it was so embarrassing.


It because I, I didn't wanna snap. And the waitress was like, the waitress got scared 'cause she could hear a cursing. So the waitress went away the first time and she came back to make sure everything was okay. That was Sarah. That, that was Sarah. Boy Unc, I sw She snapped. Unc she snapped. It was, well you Snapped on it for real. Like put your glasses back down. It was, it Looked, oh, no. Tell, tell him how you did it. Do it. Don't, don't don't, don't laugh. Put your glasses back down. I didn't say that. I said, and he didn. No. Did you tell, did you tell him he was playing in your face? Real? I said Don't fucking play in my face. Now you better be fucking playing in my face. That's what I said. No, say it how you said it. Say it how you said on the phone. Just said, say it. Just how you said it. No, make sure was talking.


She, she was talking to me like, I'm like, I'm not even Ocho like she, like, we, we almost got into it. But again, she, she apologized, said I was sorry because when my glasses fell and they went back up, she saw the, the reflection of the waitress sitting in front of me. Yeah. Right. And it was her. And by the time I, it dawned on me what she was talking about. 'cause she was confusing me. 'cause instead of just communicating and talking normal, she was screaming like she was my homeboy. And like she wanted to fight. I had, I had a tone in my voice, but I was, I don't scream man. I Just had authority. But you just let, you wanted to let him know the seriousness of what you were saying?


No, she was, she would get in the head. I talking about, oh, I was finna pull up on you and I was about to pull up baby. Hey, I talking about straight, straight hood. Straight out the hood. Out the hood. Oh, But sorry about that. I forgot. I forgot to tell you about that story, man. Yeah. My Bad. My mind and mind is words of affirmation. Words of affirmation. Yeah. So like reassurance in, in, in other words. Yeah. Okay. I appreciate you. Right. Appreciate what you do. Right. Love you, you great. Blah, blah, blah. You work hard. That's it. That's it. Mm. I've gotten really good because I've spent so much time being by myself.


Right, right, right. It ain't no quality time. It ain't nothing. I don't need no gifts. Hey, just say you appreciate me. Yeah. Yeah. Like, that's, that's enough. Yeah. You celebrate your birthday. Not really. Yeah. So, so we the same. I ain't, I ain't celebrate my, my birthday in years. I think I, I told rel when we fir when we first met, listen, I'm, I'm not in all that 1159. All I like to do is I like to say a prayer. The day of my birthday, I go have me some coffee. Starbucks, or I go cu my Cuban spot. My cafe Oche gave me a cigar, a celebratory cigar. Thank God for seeing another year. Boom. I'm good. I'm on a video game. She surprised me one time with my kids. That's where my mama, my, my, my text message from my mama is still in my phone.


I refuse to erase 'em. As long as I can keep 'em, I'm gonna keep 'em there. The real plan something for me anyway, after I said I don't wanna do nothing. She did all this planning. Guess who she got? Invite Your mama. Boy. My mama got win because it, it was just me, REL and my kids, the older kids, everybody one them, you know, she just little, little small little, little intimate, little small Get together. Yeah. Real small. But she didn't invite with mama. What? My mama done cuss rel out where Hey, via text message. And mind you, the messages from my mama, the messages from my mama after my bir after, after my birthday.


And finding out that real and that bitch that didn't motherfucker Oh man. She went off. And those were what? Those Yeah. What my, my mama Hurricane Paula. Those are the last messages I have from My mama Bitch you ever sent? That she ever sent. And I, I still got 'em saved. And unc it is about the, it is about the, a whole dissertation of her snapping on all us. She wrote like two or three. She done text two or three pages. Man, listen. And, but real, real, real didn't mean to do it because at the time, me and my mama, we weren't talking. Right. We Wasn't, we weren't even talking. So, and She didn't wanna put you in a situation. He didn't wanna Puts your mom and you're Like, who told you that? Yeah. And Yeah, exactly. And, and we, we weren't in a good space and just in it.


Oh shit. Lemme get off that, that, that topic. But yeah man, but I, I I just, I just, I just thought about that. I'm, I'm, I'm The 17 shot king said, honestly, Chad should, should be a hall of famer Andre Johnson. If my guy stands very similar, Chad has less catches. What'd you think? Yeah. Hey, listen, Dre man Dre is one of, one of the best all time. He, he's deserving of that. The Hall of Fame is cool. Is is it a great honor for those that do make it? But I think I'm gonna be all right without it. I like my, I like my, my one-on-one jacket that nobody else got. I like, I like that one-on-one. Nobody else got. James Johnson said, Hey, how good was Demarius Thomas?


Well, Oh, DT was nice. DT yeah, he was Nice. He got it done. He, he got it done with Tebow. So, you know, he was nice. Yeah. I mean, you know that, that was, that was that little era where they had a stretch. It was him, Julio, AJ Green. What's up Drake Dre. That was that, that stretch like 2012 to 2000 dance. You know, 2012 to 2016.


DT was at the, was was at the peak of his power right when he got Peyton. Yeah, it got, it got ugly. That was that 55. That was that 55 TDL. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And, you know, paid first year that he was 37 and 11. And then the next year, you know, what did he have the next year? He went 55 and 10. Woo. And then he had another 30. He had a 39. Well he had 39 touchdown thing. Yeah. DT was, DT was nice. He was special man. He was, he was special Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th.


Enjoy storewide deals at Earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from drumstick, outshine to Tino's and Red Bull for Family Night Entertaining. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in-store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details. Are you ready to have your baking loving? Mind blown Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoke for four, six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time.


Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed. You can get a full night's sleep. Hell, you could wake up, shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then dry to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Mayer fit, cut bacon now and enjoy. You won't be disappointed. There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv.


Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com. Desmond Hunter said Uncle Ocho. What's the one thing you would want your fans to remember you after you're gone? One thing your kids never forget.


I always remain authentically myself regardless of circumstance, regardless of how big I got, regardless of how much money I had, I never, ever, ever, ever change, ever. No, I'm the same person I was before the league. I was the same person while I was in the league. I'm the same person when I left the league. Never changed no matter what ever. Mm. Yeah. AB was in that was in that mix too. Ab was, was at the peak of his power. Woo. That boy that put a, he had a good six, seven year run. Boy, that was nasty.


A nasty, Oh, a hundred plus catches 1400 yards. 15 double digit touchdown. Yeah. I think he had a 1700 yard season. He had a couple of hundred and 2,030 catch seasons. Oh yeah. Crazy. A and b was Crazy, But you know. Yeah. Oh my goodness. I'm, I'm really simple. Ocho good brother, good son, good brother, good son, good dad, good friend, All that. I mean, if you want to say, oh man, he played with Broncos, he was good.


He talked a lot. I'm really simplistic in that. I just, I treat people how I wanna be treated. I cared. Sometimes I think I care too much. I think the mistake that I make is that everybody that I'm gonna meet is gonna care as much about me as I care about them. And that's my first mistake. But I'm not gonna change. I just, I'm still gonna care about people. But I have to be really, really careful now, Ojo. Right. Because everybody doesn't, everybody doesn't have Shannon's best interest. And, and Shannon and people keep saying like, oh, Shannon brother, but you can't. You got to because it's taken me 56 years to build this reputation to get here.


I can't get back here again. Oh no. Somebody knocked me off. So you have to be very, very careful, very mindful of who you let into your circle. Now it's extra, extra layers that you have to get through to. And I ain't trying to have any more friends on you. Right. I, I'm really, I'm really not. I vetted think, I mean, think about how long it's taken me to vet burns and vet, vet bucket and vet the guys that's in my life. I don't have that kind of time now. Yeah. My kids is my kids and my kids. Hopefully they'll appreciate what I've, what I've done, what I've tried to do. I'm not perfect. I don't claim to be perfect. And I told them I'm not perfect and they're not gonna be perfect.


Hopefully my brother and sister appreciate me. No, I worked hard. I loved them and a lot of what I did. And, and, and they raised me, my brother and sister, where our relationship is a lot different than most brothers and sisters because they're like my mom. He's like my dad because my sister bathed me. My sister got me ready for school. She got gotta be ready for church. My brother taught me what it was like to be a man. Taught me how to shine. You know, my grandfather taught him how to shine shoes. My brother taught me how to shine, shine shoes. He let me do things that probably he shouldn't let me do. Go chop down a tree, let me shoot the gun when he wasn't supposed to. So my brother and sister, our relationship is a lot different than most brothers and sisters.


Right. So hopefully they appreciate the man that I became. Hopefully my mom is, is proud of the, the, the son that she gave birth to. I know my mom did everything she possibly could to make sure my brother and sister and I had whatever she could afford to give us. I appreciate that. I'm most thankful for my mom sending me my brother and sister to our grandparents. I think that was her. Other than delivering three healthy kids. I think that was her biggest accomplishment. And people that I played with or I interacted with, hopefully you enjoyed me as much as I enjoyed you.


So that's it. Loyalty over de netto. I have a question. I've seen my fiance, I've seen my boy's fiance with another guy at the movies. Should I tell him, even though we don't speak no more? Yeah. They're getting married soon. Yep. Don't let him go down that don't let him go down that dead end. Don't do that. What He saying that don't speak no more. They don't. I don't give a FI don't care it. Don't let that man go down that dead end. Don't do that. Don't do that. Vie put your pride aside. Put your ego aside. If y'all don't speak no more, Hey, hey. What's up? What up? I know we don't talk no more buddy, but I seen your people. Right. You take it for what you want. People like that moving, moving foul. All right. Boom. And going about your, But you know, he gonna go back and tell he she gonna, he gonna go back and tell, oh, Ocho sold me.


He saw you at the movie with another guy. That's Fine, that's fine. And you should have said no when you put that ring on that finger. If you chose to be doing things that single people do, I ain't gonna lie. What Happened, Ocho? Yeah. If it ain't burns a bucket, Sterling sharp, I'm gonna keep my mouth shut. Yeah. Yeah. I have seen it. I've done it. Nah, fuck. That Ain't my place. No, no. I'm Staying outta it. Hey, please your place not I'm standing because, because first thing, first thing you gonna do, y'all gonna get back together. Y'all gonna stay together. Who's stand together? And then y'all gonna be No, I'm saying the couple, the couple Shit.


They gonna stay together Absolutely. And stay together. Absolutely. And then everybody looking at me sideways because Oh, he jealous and all that. Yeah. And he tried to break us up talking about he saw, she said she wasn't even, that was, that was her friend. No, Not a, not a chance to hell anybody stay you out, you out in public with somebody else. Who the hell Finn to stay? I done seen it happen. And they stayed. Yeah. What? Man, look here. I ain't gonna, I I ain't gonna get too far into it, but I had a situation where the chick blamed me that he got somebody pregnant. Why she blaming you? Talking about I was out with him and I'm the more mature, mature one.


And I knew he had a girl. She did everything. But take accountability, huh? Ain't me. Yeah. That's, that's one thing. That's that. But they'll Do that. I'm thinking to myself, I didn't put that, I ain't put that man meeting up. I ain't spoke to her. I never, and I, we never spoke again Shaking my head Because what happened was he said he was with me and so forth and so on.


Oh, okay. Okay. Damn. It happens. Don't show. Yeah. So I, I learned my lesson from that on. I say, bro, if if it ain't a bucket of burns of my brother, I'm gonna call. Right. If it, if it's bucket of burns, I'm calling we, Hey, hey bro, meet me up here at such and such, right? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. We might run down on a boy before. The next question tonight is one of those our Nightcap staffer's birthday.


Happy birthday. Jacob Hazzard. He turned 31 years old today. Happy birthday. Jacob. Jacob, happy birthday, bro. Hey, you said you putting that work in. Are you responsible for graphics? You aint graphics Hope you aint graphics. It's SX Savage. What's your favorite thing about Ocho Ocho? What's your favorite thing about unc? My favorite thing about OCHO is the thing that, what I thought about putting Nightcap together. Me and Jamie Horowitz was sitting down and I told him the Perth, I said, I want Ocho. He's like, Ocho Ochocinco. I'm like, yeah. He said, why? I said, because he doesn't take himself serious.


I said, if the show is gonna be what I think it could be, although I didn't know we were gonna go here where we are now. Yeah. I said, I need someone to don't take things too serious. I said, he's, I'm the, I'm the more serious. I say we can't have two guy that Joe all the time And. we can't be both serious. So one of us has to be the yang, the other guy to be yang yang. Yeah. And sometimes yang. And sometimes yang. I say, but he's him, he, what you see is what you get. He's ocho That's why you say, man, why you say that? I say, because you ocho And he is, I I love, he has a big heart. He cares, but he's silly.


Yeah. It Works. Can't, can't take can't take life too serious. It it works. It works. I mean, I don't think, I don't think any other part, I don't think any other partner, even if I was, what I, you know, tell the stories that I tell And we joke around like we do. I don't think it would play as well with anybody else as it does with O Jokes. Nah, not at all. Shoot for, for me, man, it, it, it is dope because I've always wanted to be in the space, in the spaces and, and be in the rooms that you've been able to, to, to walk in and do some of the things that you've done. So being able to, to work with you has given me somewhat a little bit of guidance, which has been fun.


And how to carry myself, how to conduct myself, how to be more of a, like you say, how I don't take things seriously. It's, it's, it's kind of in a sense, watching how you operate and how you maneuver to get where I want to be. Another part of, of you, the discipline you have, the structure you have is something that I don't have. I have discipline instruction, certain areas, but where I'm trying to get to and the vision that I see myself later on, down, down the line, as far as people taking me serious, hell, I need a team of people. I need a ash, I need a Jordan. You, you, you get what I'm saying? I'm do I do everything on my own, you know? Obviously I, I have Doug and Ryan have Ryan, but watching how you operate and maneuver has been huge and tremendous for me.


And I've been doing that since I've been working with you, watching from afar on how you do things. So it's been helping me and I, and I and the way you move has obviously been helping me too in a god damn relationship with this one, you know, because hey boy, hey boy as hell, boy as hell over here, man. You know? So I'm, I'm, I'm thankful I Can tell. Yeah. Yeah. Bush, it, it, it is, it is, it is been, it's been great. It's been great for me. And, we, we, we got a long way to go. We haven't even scratched the surface yet. That's the scary part. Yeah. We ain't even scratch the service yet. Ocho Ocho, if you want to go fast, go alone, but if you want to go far, take your team. Yeah. So start outlining what you want to do, what you want to accomplish.


Yeah. And then put the pieces in, in, in, in position to get that done. Dr. Frankie l Bella said, tune in to RAs new podcast. August 7th. Yeah. August 7th. Humble baddies. Yeah. That's RAs. She got a thing with her homies. Yeah. Yeah. I'm excited for that. Congratulations. Re congratulations you and, and your fondas and do your thing. How about humble? You just cursed me out a few days ago, like I was some little bum on the street. But I wish you, unc, I wish you coulda heard it. You would've been like, man, who the hell Is this? Yeah. See this the side y'all don't get to see. Oh yeah. Everybody got that sign? Talk about who is that? Everybody got that sign? Who is that girl?


Who is that girl sitting in front of you? Mind you, I, I hid, I told her real common sense. I'm sitting in public, I live in Miami. Everybody know who the hell I am. So I'm sitting outside, in public, Right? And they know, they know I with you restaurant And all somebody gotta do is just snap a picture and post it. Boom. It's everywhere. But I'm sitting outside with somebody like, are we using common sense and logic? Please? Are we? No. Okay, good. I'm talking about, boy, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't got cussed out like that since my mama left. Guys, thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Please make sure you hit that like button, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Guys, make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


Every podcast podcaster. Every podcast subscriber counts. And it's because of you that OCHO and I have been able to grow as rapidly as we have And. we expect to grow even faster in the coming months, once the NFL season, and we'll be going to four days a week. We haven't decided on those days, but we're gonna be going four days a week, starting in September, I think, if I'm not mistaken. Please make sure you check out Shade by La Portier. We're taking pre-orders now. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's she shared media and my clothing company 84, that's 84, spelled out the link to Nightcap Merch is pinned at the top of the chat.


Use code discount applies on all items. Everyone received their merch. Thank you guys. Really appreciate the patience. Appreciate the positive feedback. Got more pieces coming out in the very, very near future. The USA beat Belgium 87 74 Ga Gabby, not Gabby, what's her name? Simone Biles became a two time Olympic all around Champion. And Jordan, I think Charles Sy, no. Well, the Charles or SUNY Lee. SUNY Lee won the bronze medal. So we won the gold and the bronze.


Feel good about that? So congratulations to those ladies. When we're back again Tomorrow. Saturday. Saturday, Saturday. What's that? Saturday. Oh, so, oh, so we on at three, right, Ash? Okay, sa we're back. We're back Saturday at 3:00 PM three. Got a couple special guests stopping by, hopefully for that show. So thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm your favorite Aunt Shannon. Sharpe. He's your favorite number 85, the rock runner extraordinaire, the bingo ring of Fame honoree, the Pro bowler, the all pro, the Larry City's legend, Chad Ochocinco Johnson.


Thank you again, ladies and gentlemen for joining at Nightcap. I'm he's Ocho for Apple, the Volume. Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect that smoky flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon.


There is no wrong way to enjoy it, so go out and buy some Oscar may fit. Cut bacon now and enjoy Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from Chobani General Mills Cereal. Pete's coffee and coffee mate. For quick breakfast favorites. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details. Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected.


And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be Pretty stressful. Now, imagine odu ODU has all the programs you'll ever need, and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's OD o.com.