
If, you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple. Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners Subject to eligibility. Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member FDIC, terms and more at apple card.com.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. you Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The Best Club Soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match Live exclusively on Paramount Plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch to T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime. Video breaking tackles this week. The Minnesota Vikings head west to take on the Los Angeles Rams. This is What you love to See. Coverage begins with football's best party on TNF tonight, not a Prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Vikings and the Rams Thursday only on Prime. Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


The Volume


TD tudy taking it to the house. Reservations for six. Whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to draft King Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new draft. King customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Drafting sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Do you know how difficult it is to find a woman that's willing to extend themselves in that manner? In that manner, let alone the small things. But if you think about it today in in in today's era, in today's society, everything is on us. Think about it now. Everything is on us. Everything we have to do, everything. You got a court you gotta buy, you gotta do this. And if they do buy you something, it's it's probably, it's probably your money anyway. True. You know, so the fact that she was willing to do this out of maybe love or whatever it may have, may may have been at that time. Oh, It gotta be love. What else could it been? Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


Who The hell giving $60,000 that don't love ojo. It it, the funny thing about it is, when you are in love, you do things that you wouldn't do when you're not in love because you, you, you're thinking in your right mind. Nah, they say love is blinding. I ain't got no cataracts. I could see just fine. Right, right, right. 60,000 ocho. So you, you wouldn't do that. Be honest, brother. If if you, if if you was in love with, if you was in love with a woman right now, you would tell her, no, I ain't paying no $60,000 on her shit. Oh, nothing. I just said you, you didn't listen to the scenario if you were in love. No ocho that's my, my wife is one thing.


A girlfriend. Right. 60 grand. Hold on, Hold on. And guess what, hold on. Girlfriend, girlfriend and wife. The rules are basically the same. The only thing that's different is the document in the ring. I'm Not, I, because you know what happening because when they broke up and she left the play, he beating somebody else back in. Now guess what? I paid for those loan. I'm paying that loan off. If somebody got a, somebody got a bent over the balcony. Oh hey. Oh hell no. Come on though Joe. Well, Unc lemme tell you, lemme tell you. Listen. I I had a, I had a be I had a, I had a wonderful, beautiful saying that I've been saying all my life.


What what? You have to understand now, I I I think we are put on earth to experience people. We are, we're put on earth to experience people. And at times my grandfather told me long time ago, son, listen, you're gonna meet people and I want you to always remember she's not yours. It's just your turn. Yeah. She not yours. You just a turn. So you really can't think like that. Now. Now for, for me, for instance, you do things to extend that vacation. You do all the right things you can to extend that vacation and that stay as much as possible. You know, and you do all you can to keep a individual happy so it maintains itself long term.


Look, I I think the thing is ocho for a situation like yourself, me or yourself Yes sir. 60 grand. That's a lot of money. But I'm not going, I ain't gonna lose a night of sleep. 60 grand for her is probably like, I ain't gonna say what it would be for Me. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. I see what you mean. Yes, sir. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. 60 grand is different for different people. Right. For her that is a stretch. Right. I'm not losing sleep over 65. Right. That's how you know love. Right. But the problem is Ocho is that, like I said, look, have I have, I look, if I care about you, I want what's best for you. I don't want even most of the, most of the women that I've dated, and they'll tell you this, all of them.


If they've ever asked me for something and I could do it take off, I have Whoa, whoa. Now within reason. Now, whoa. Within reason. Okay. I was waiting, I was waiting on that part. Okay. I was waiting on that Because here, look now, a lot of times I've been in situation and they've always did me a solid Right. They didn't say anything negative about me, didn't say anything bad. So they always good in my book. They could always, they, Hey Shannon, I need X. Okay, I got you Shannon. I need y because I'm never gonna say anything bad about you no matter what has transpired behind closed doors. Right. That's why I don't do anything publicly because I can break up pri privately.


I can get with someone privately, but if I break, but if I date publicly, if I'm posting and I'm doing all this the moment, then people start to try to fish and try to figure things out. But any, any, any, any woman that I've dated say in the last 30 years, if they've ever asked for something monetarily and I could help 'em, I did. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I like, I like how you said within reason. I like how you, you threw that, you know. Yeah. If read, because sometimes, sometimes they'll continue to take and take and take and take and push the limits and see how far No, they, they to see How far can see how far they can go. No, I, I mean I had one did me one solid. I ain't gonna tell y'all what the solid is, but when it came down she said, well Shannon, I need a house.


I want, I can, I don't have it down. Whoa, whoa, Whoa. Man, come on. Now. You said that a little too casually. Listen, listen to me. Okay. You said That too casually. She did me a solid, I'll be the real solid. Your boy was jammed up. Okay. Okay. Okay. I was in a bind. Okay. Okay. I said, I tell you what, in this situation she have came to me and got 60,000. Right. She could have came to me and got a hundred thousand. Right, right, right. But she didn't do that. Right. You said, I just need the down payment. Right. I said, well how much is the down payment? She said XI said, if I give you y how much would your monthly payments be? Because I wanted to be as easy as it possibly can.


So I tried to make it as easy as I possibly could. So her monthly payments would be something that she could manage where she wouldn't have to come back because I was in no position. I would've had no choice. Consider what she did for me. Right. Okay. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I, I understand wholeheartedly understand where you coming from. Yeah. Based on, based on circumstance. I like that. I like that. But you, you a Real one. I'm, look here, you're real. All you. If you, if you ever any of my coaches, my coach, my college, my high school coach, I bought him a car. My, my, my, my, my remedial and Spanish teacher every game.


She didn't want anything. She say, Shannon, I just wanna come see you play. Yes sir. I'm just so proud of you. But women that have been in my life, that have been good and didn't try to hard because you know, everybody ain't good. But if they've been good Right. They know they can get it Right. And I don't want nothing in return. It ain't no. Oh, you getting the good? No. Nah, nah. I ain't spun the block. I have it. Yeah. Why, why you do you. Okay. But she did A what for what she did for me. Like I said don't you? Oh yeah. I un I understand. You ain't got, you ain't listen, you ain't even gotta go in depth.


I get, I get I from the passion with and your passion and your delivery. I already know. I, I'm, I'm with you And, and didn't bat an eye. Yeah, I'm with you. I be, I've been in that situation maybe once. Yeah. Little did she know? Yes sir. I have bought the house. Yep. Why you bull jiving? Right? Because I was in a position. I was in a position then now. Right, Right. Oh, she could have said, Sheldon, I need 300,000 for a house. I'm like, can I give you the money? And I just paid, I I just paid the note on it. Right, Right, right, right, right. My financial people go be asking some questions. I go pull 300,000 outta this account. But what if I gave you, what if I gave you a hundred thousand and I just paid a note on it?


I give you the money to pay the note. But hey, hey, the thing we do out your, Hey look. I said if you, if you look, I said me Chad, I'll keep it stacked with you mother. Women that have ever dealt with me. I got one separate thing. Protect the brand. Yeah. You protect the brand. I got you. I got you. I Like that. Don't talk about me. We do what we do. Did what we did. Leave it at that. That's why people don't know, man.


I didn't know. No, you weren't supposed to know. Hmm. The less they know, the less people can talk. Now they can gossip and it's easy to refute to lie. Hmm. Yeah. Protect the brand. Re protect the brand. And I ain't sleeping. I ain't sleeping on the motherfucking couch no more. Thank man tried to put me on the goddamn couch. Shoot. She put you on the couch. She tried, she tried. I just slept on the floor right there by the bed. Who takes a job? And you still trying to figure it out? Six months later, how much I'm gonna pay you? I don't know. I'm I'm just telling you, I'm just telling you if I was an issue, Chad, Chad, I mean am I am am I outta line here?


I'm like, I'm trying to figure this out. So hold on. When did Harbaugh get the job? When did Harbaugh get the job? At, at, at, at, at, said, at, at the Chargers. Because maybe it's me. Maybe it's, maybe it's me. Maybe it's me. Maybe it's me guys. Because, you know, sometimes I have a, I have a, sometimes I have a propensity. He got, Harbaugh got a job January 24th. When was Sharon Moore named head coach at Michigan? He was named head coach. January 26th. So February, March, April, may, June, July, August.


Here we are, September. So we've had eight months. Okay. You know who else doesn't have a contract that is deserving for the work he's put in and going to put in Jamar Chase. Who? Jamon Chase have the contract. Ocho, he got two years left on the contract. He signed. It's not enough. That's not comparable. It's it's not enough. No ocho But you said he had he doesn't have a contract. He actually does have a contract. He has two years left on the contract that he signed on his rookie deal. Sharon Moore does not have a contract at all. Period.


Alright. That was, listen, No contract, just trying to work out terms. Right. They're trying to come to an agreement. So the man was an intern. How many games did Har miss? Three, four. So he missed three games. Yeah. So you, you, you saw him intern, he kept the ship afloat. He was your OC called the national championship game. You won that game. You name him head coach on January the 26th. And you didn't work out a deal in February, March, April, may, June, July, August. Here we are in September. They would do that. Didn't know what they, they, they, they never done. You think something else was going on that we don't know about? I don't know what's going on, but I just know the other guy.


I know, I know other coaches don't have to go through that. Right. Okay. I don't, I don't wanna make any speculations. I Maybe it's me. Maybe it's May, maybe, maybe, maybe it's me. Maybe it's me. Maybe it's me. Maybe I, Who's the, you know who the athletic normally is at Michigan? 'cause we could always send 'em a little message. I just, I just thought Right. Someone starts a job. You have the Oh, he is already, is already in place. Everything that hey, yes. Who takes a job and like, okay. I mean Whoa, whoa, whoa. This ain't just any job now. So let's, let's, let's, let's try this. Put yourself in Mr. Moore's shoes.


If mi if you were in his shoes, are you not taking the Michigan job? Because a contract has not been fulfilled yet. The contract ocho the contract is worked out before you take the job. Stop. Okay. This one had Worked out. Are you gonna say, you know, I don't want to coach for Michigan because the contract hasn't been worked out. I'm just, I'm just, I just wanna see, I'm, I'm just a, I'm just asking, are you not going to take the job because the contract hasn't done yet. The contract would've been done. There's first of all, the contract's gonna be done before you take the job. Who takes the job? It with no contract? ocho So you're saying you wouldn't take it Ocho the contract would've been done if I'm just before you Fired.


I'm Just, I'm hypothetically speaking, if you were in his shoes with the opportunity that is presenting itself to coach the Michigan Wolverines and it wasn't in place, would you take it or not? You would say no because the con My agent would never let me take a job in which the contract would not contract was done. Oh, Joe, Okay. That'd be like, that'd be like you said, you know what, I'm, I'm gonna get married with no prenup worked out. We gonna work on that at a later date and time. You doing that?


Me? You talking to me? Yeah, but but see my situation when you when it comes to that using, I mean for better context, prenup Re says, okay, oh Joe, we gonna get married. We gonna work out the contract, we gonna work out the prenup. You like, okay rel we can work out the prenup at a later date in time. Whatever we gonna do, we gonna work out that at a later date in time. And here we are eight months in. So y y'all been dating three and a half, four years. And so now Righton Morris been there for a minute. He's been the oc and so now yeah, eight, eight months until your marriage ain't nothing been signed.


Ain't nothing Himself that, that's me doing that. 'cause I'm gonna make sure if she try to leave me, I'm going, I'm leaving with half. I ain't signing this shit. That's between saying get, Get what what you're saying. I get what you're saying. Like I said, Chad, Me just, hey listen it, this ain't no no regular program. This ain't just no regular job. We we talk about That's my Oh Joe, that makes it more egregious. That's, And that's why, you know what, you know what's gonna happen. I think the fact that we're talking about it, I'm sure other people are talking about it as well. When the numbers do come across, we gonna be like, oh, now we see why it took so long. Now they gonna take care of him. Ocho he ain't Finn to get Dbo money.


He not Finn to get, he not Finn to get, he's not Finn get no Ocho ain't no first year coach about getting no 12 million Stop. I I bet. I bet get, I bet he'll double digits though. Let's bet, I bet he don't Be a hundred dollars bet a hundred. Okay. Be a I bet you a hundred Bet. And that what what College Michigan played already, right? They played last week and they played against Yes. I guarantee you have a contract in place and I guarantee you it it is north. It is, it is. It is north of 9 million before week three. Joe, first of all, you said it was gonna be double digit. Last I said North double digit.


What is north of 9 million? You said north, North of nine Double digits. But the fact of the matter is that this is a blue blood program. Like you said, it's not some, it's not some Right, right. Small school. This is a preeminent program that probably spend a hundred million, 200 million had a two a hundred plus million dollar athletic budget. And you mean to tell me you've had this man working, recruiting? Yeah, you're right. And he doesn't have a contract. I guess listen, I mean I see it from your point of view.


I also see it from another point of view with the opportunity that, that that presents itself at hand working for this historic prestigious university knowing they're going to take care of me at some point. They don't have me working for nothing. How do I know that, that, why haven't they Taken care of know that? Because this ain't you ain't this ain't seven 11. This ain't h and m this is yeah, this is the University Of Michigan And I know they can cut. You Would think that they talk Kevin by now. Yes sir. I understand. I I totally understand what you mean though. You, you I totally do. I I promise you I do. I don't know why it's going on. I don't know what they waiting on. But I'm just saying if the opportunity presented itself, if I, if I was Mr. Moore with great understanding that it might not be done now, but I know they gonna make sure I'm good.


Eight months. Tcho shoot, you listen, you think eight months long, you let me ask you a question. You think eight months long, how long you think I make, how long Just not to put my personal business out there. You know, I, I met, I made re wait nine months before she even could get something. And you think that's long. It's No difference. That's one Thing she had to work for that. But hold on. And you, But, but, but what, what, what if re had to pay you for sex and say, well Ocho, I a I'm gonna pay you at eight months. Exactly. You see how you looked at Yeah, exactly. Right. Now, now, now, now when you put it like that from a context, because I don't, I don't, I don't lay down for free. You right by there.


Yeah. That's my only thing though, Ocho I'm like, okay. Normally when you like, okay, you come in for a job interview. Okay, okay, well how much does the job pay? Okay. What are, yeah, what are my expectations on the job? What's the job hours? What's the whole, what's the work schedule? Overtime. Overtime? Is that okay? Do I get health benefits? Okay, do I get right, you know, PTO I'll come in with a job. I need CTO choice time off. You know what I'm saying? Don't I like That? Pay time off. I choose to take off. So all those things I'm working out. Okay, Mr. Sharp, you got the job. Okay, thank you. We, oh, whoa, I got a job. How much did the job pay?


I understand sometimes like medical it could take 30 to 60 days right before you get medical. I get that, but I ain't taking no damn get no paycheck. I'm not familiar with these type of situations being that I've never been in a position to be a coach or work at a university like Michigan. So I don't know what's going on. I have no idea. Maybe if I was Paul Feba, I'd have a better answer for you, but I don't know. I don't know. And I, but I do think he gonna get paid and it's gonna be north of 10 million. They're not gonna, they're not gonna play with him. Especially waiting this goddamn loan on north of 9 million. My bad.


President Trump. Why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black and Then I read That she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president, who has consistently attempted to use Race to Divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those, not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris for president.


I'm Julian Edelman, I'm Rob Gronkowski. Guess what folks? We're teammates again and we're gonna welcome you guys all to dudes on. Dudes. I'm a dude, you're a dude. And dudes on Dudes is our brand new show. We're gonna highlight players, peers, guys that we played against, legends from the past. And we're just gonna sit here and talk about 'em and we'll get into the types of dudes. What kind of types of dudes are there? Drunks. We Got studs, wizards, we got Freaks Or dudes. Dude, we got dogs dog. We'll break down their games. We'll share some insider stories and determine what kind of dude each of these dudes are. Is Randy Moss a stud or a freak? Is Tom Brady a dog or a dude's? Dude, we're Gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, James Brown, BB King, Miriam Maba. I Shook up the World. James Brown said, say it loud. And Akia said, I'm black and I'm Proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in the heart of Zaire Africa. Three Days of music and then the boxing event. What was going on in the world at the time made this fight as important that anything else is going on on the planet. My grandfather Laid on the ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself out. Welcome to Rumble, the story of a world in transformation, the Sixties. And prior to that you couldn't call a person black. And how we arrived at this peak moment, I don't have to be what you want me to be, We all came from the continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life, the referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you Listen to podcasts.


Hey everyone, it's Katie Couric. Well, the election is in the home stretch and I'm exhausted, but turns out the end is near right in time for a new season of my podcast. Next question, this podcast is for people like me who need a little perspective and insight. I'm bringing in some foks friends of Katie's to help me out like Ezra Klein, van Jones, Jen Psaki, Ted Herndon. But we're also gonna have some fun, even though these days fun and politics seems like an oxymoron. But we'll do that thanks to some of my friends like Samantha B. Roy Wood Jr. And Charlemagne the God, we're gonna take some viewer questions as well. I mean, isn't that what democracy is all about? Power to the podcast for the people. So whether you're obsessed with the news or just trying to figure out what's going on, this season of next question is for you, check out our new season of next question with me Katie Couric on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast


Ocho. We got some really sad news outta San Francisco. 49 ERs rookie. First round draft pick, Ricky Pearsall was shot in an attempted robbery. Damn the 49 ERs confirmed that Perol has sustained a bullet wound to the chest was in serious but stable condition. Okay. Okay, Pearsall and the suspect, a 17-year-old who's in custody with charges pending were both injured in a physical altercation that succeeded the attempted robbery. Both were taken to a San Francisco General Hospital. DA office is planning to file charges of juvenile court next week due to the suspect's age. Earlier in the today, parasol attended an autograph cider at Kyle Palace in nearby Daily City. The this was all alleged over Rolex.


Listen man, nah, Nah, he ain't no juvenile. Nah, he ain't no juvenile Grown man. Yeah, hey grown man. You gotta put grown man charges on it. But Listen, there's, there's another lesson in this for my, for, for my athletes, for anybody out there that has nice items. Nothing, nothing is worth your life. No, Nothing is worth your life. You can buy, you can buy another Rolex, you can buy another chain. If someone's trying to take your car, you can buy another car. Anything. If you are at gunpoint, you give up those possessions. I don't think they pulled a gun out him on first OCHO because I believe he gave it up like you said. Yeah, I think he tried to, you know, probably tried to strong arm and got the tussling.


Yeah, See don't do that. You only get one shot. This ain't a video game. Ojo. This, this, This. If if, if somebody come up, if somebody come up to you and they ain't got no gun, they ain't got no knife and they say Ocho give it up, you taking it off that freezer. Yes. I'm not playing you. You. Why Unc, why, why, why play tough? Why am I playing tough? Listen, listen to me. If somebody come up to you and say let me get whatever is off of you, you already know they holding you already. You already know they holding. Why even play that game? Yeah man. Hell you can take, man, take this shit. I can buy this Again. I Get a job. I can't, oh this ain't call of duty. I can't revive myself. Go get a job, I don't get a second chance at life.


Yeah. Mainly Ocho that, like I said, the man's at a a man's, he's at a autograph side at Ojo, so I'm pretty sure it's probably in a, probably in a fairly nice area. I mean I've done a few autographs signing. Right, right, right. And it ain't really no sh shady places. Yeah, but you know, it don't matter where you at, it don't matter where you at. He probably Jit, JIT probably knew he was there and waited until after the signing to confront him. He thought he but he thought he thought he could take it. Yeah. Sh I Lemme ask you a question. You think that 17-year-old gonna run up and say, Hey Trent, give it up Trent Williams. Yeah, Shit. Exactly. That's my point.


Shit. Hey stop playing. Oh no. And that's the thing. But I I I get what you're saying though Joe. Try not to put myself in that situation. You are right. You are absolutely 1000% right. Yeah. I mean I've been in that situation. Hey but I didn't turn around. I took his word for it. Right. He said, Hey, you already know what it is. Hey bro, my wallet in the car. I ain't got nothing over. I, I want no problem. I and Listen, hey, I ain't got nothing. I ain't got nothing. Funny thing That's what stopped me from taking, carrying cash around like that on Joe. Yeah. I used to always carry cash and hey, anybody that knew me when I was younger, Ocho, if you ever saw Shannon Sharpe with less than 10 bands on him, call the cops.


Somebody just rob me right around the corner. I kept it on me. But then I'm like man, for what? I'm inviting trouble. Yeah, you right. You know had half the, and had half the half the people you could understand who really doesn't evaluate, who doesn't really validate life. I could see the comments, I can see the comments and you could tell who really don't buy they life. Right About dumb ass jewelry or chain or shit that really holds no true value. Just buy the comments man. Folk, folk, folk don't care man. They, they swear, they listen.


You don't get two of these. No you Don't get you, you don't, you don't get two of these. You can't revive yourself. It ain't, it ain't, you can't press press Card. You ain't gonna try to talk to him. You ain't gonna try to talk to him about you say young man bro, what? You can't, you can't play over. Nah, hell man, take this shit. 'cause you know the funny thing, you take my shit, you gonna be mad anyway when you try to go pawn to the cell it 'cause it ain't real no way. So not, not shit you done, you done, you done lost twice. You try to, hey you try to get him on and fuck. Hey, hey bro. Hey yo fella, go ahead and take this. Yeah, I'm trying to get you away from me as quick as I Can and go on about your business. Man. I'm trying to get, I'm trying to get home to these goddamn damn 85 kids buddy. Yeah, I ain't nothing wrong with that o I'm trying, trying, trying. I get it. You right. I mean you right ocho ia you ain't right.


You ain't wrong when you right. You right. You ain't wrong when you right. Ocho just a little young fella have it and he's been dealing with it. He's been dealing with some injuries. It's been kind of hard for him to get on the field Ocho because he's been nicked a lot. Yeah. And then this happened man. Yeah he probably thinking like, Lord, I mean you done bless me but I got buzzled luck right now because what's going on. If it's like bro, like I said but that 17-year-old, ah nah bro you ain't no juvie. Yeah I'm Not. I gotta put real charges on you. Yeah because you doing real adult crying And, and think about it, he hit him in the chest. Yes. And God obviously has favor.


Ricky is okay now what happen if he wasn't okay? True. What happened if he pa would happen? If, you had passed away. You know, and I'm thinking like we don't really value life. We don't really value life until we lose somebody close to us. True. We Don't really value life until it happens to us. Correct. Right. Always. And then everybody's favorite line is, oh, you messed the city up with this one. Oh. But nah, I'm reading the comments. Everybody tough. Oh you a easy lick but it it, you, you never value it until it either happened to you or somebody close to you. Yeah. And then it's a oh damn, you fucked the city up with this one twin.


Damn You ain't, you ain't wrong. I just, I just talked, I just talked to you the other day and we so lost. Yeah. I just, everybody try, everybody trying to get that lick though. Ojo, you know everybody Hey everybody trying to hit a lick. Not everybody. Yeah, but I'm saying you know, people don't wanna, everybody's gotten above working man. I ain't working on no damn or not McDonald's. That's beneath. I ain't doing this job that's beneath me. So I let me go, let me, let me go take some somebody else to work hard for. Let me go take that upon them. And then when the end, he ain't have to do it like that. Yeah. He ain't have to shoot him. He ain't have to kill him when you ain't have to take that man's shit.


Yeah. Yeah. And listen and you Robbing When you robbing somebody, when you doing bad to somebody, harm to somebody, whatever happens happens. O Joe. The number one rank Georgia Bulldog seemed to be in, in peak condition already as they dropped the hammer on Clemson in the Mercedes-Benz do. Oh Joe, I remember a decade ago Miss a beat. Dabo Sweeney said that a player started getting paid. Yeah. He would exit his ass still there. Yeah, But what he yeah, what he waiting for? I, I think, I think he understood and listen, this is one of the same reasons Nick Saban probably won't say it. This is one of the same reasons why Nick Saban, I think he left, he left Dabo Sweeney said it ahead of time without really saying it.


Understanding it was coming. EIL the the play the playing field E Yeah. It, it evens. It evens. You're at a disadvantage. Yeah. Unless you open up your pocketbook. And that Dabo Sweeney understood that. Nick Saban understood that. And he said, you know what, I'm waving my white flag. I'm gonna let somebody else take over from now on. Check this out. He's gonna have to, he's gonna have to come to the conclusion, the realization he's gonna have to have an epiphany. Which is a realization that if you don't get paid those, if you don't get the transfer portal, you don't winning. Yeah. You got win. That's the only way, that's the only way you gonna win. That's the only way you're gonna compete. Now I don't know who the boosters are over in Clemson. That is the only way you're gonna compete with the better team.


That's the only way you're gonna compete with the Alabamas. Only way you're gonna compete with the lsus. Only way you're gonna compete with the, with Georgia. Michigan, all those top team Clemson is one of four teams. Navy, army, air Force. They don't accept transfers under Service Academy. That didn't land the transfer didn't. Hey Dabo, you said when they started playing players you were going exit stage left. Yeah, I remember. Hey, you know another guy, coach K said I don't do that with one and Dones. No that ain't me until he started doing one and dones. Right. If you can't beat him, join them one and dones. Damn. Yeah. You got no choice. You ain't got no Choice.


You're not that good. You're not that good. You ain't no choice. You're not that good. If you think you just going get high school seniors and you gonna, and that's what you gonna win with, bro. That's over. It's over. Not everybody else is doing it. Look at the top 10 teams and and I obviously reading the thing. I think I was in New York Times. O Joe. It's telling you what it costs to get a topnotch. You paying seven, 800,000 for a quarterback, you paying four 500,000 for a receiver. Yeah. You paying four, 500,000 for a defensive lineman. Can't beat them. Join them. I dab Davo has to understand. Yeah. It is now a business. It is now a business.


So we need you to evolve as the business model of collegiate football is evolving. And that is the only way you're gonna continue to compete. I mean, your only way you're going to be able to continue to compete. It's just a slight adjustment. Yeah. You gotta adapt. You gotta adapt with everything else. You have to adapt. And that's the only way. Listen, he has a, he has a buyout clause is goddamn $60 million. 4 57 and 26. Man, I Mean come on now and listen, I listen. I it is not a bad thing though. You have to stand Clemson, they played Georgia. They played Georgia. This is the best team in college football. Is this a measuring stick for how good Clemson is or how bad Clemson may be?


They would not before last. Jojo, this Is not a game. This is not a game. I wanna gauge on how good we are Right now. It went not before last year. That was the first time since 2010. They didn't win 10 games. Yeah. Hold on. You mean to tell me Georgia, Alabama, Ohio State, Michigan, all the top 10 teams can go in the portal. But you think you good enough not to? Yeah. Mean you ain't going, you ain't gonna have no choice. I telling something ain't right. Don't you? I remember the You ain't gonna have no choice because I remember the time. Guess what? When them PWIs wouldn't touch a black. Oh yeah.


USC said y'all don't want them. We go get em. I, I heard And then U USC went down there and beat the brakes South Alabama when they went, when Sam ba went down there and they drug Alabama. Alabama. Yeah. Takes one to catch one. Guess what happened, don't you with Al Davis? Yeah. They ain't wanna take HBCUs U players. Al Davis says, okay, lemme go on up here and give me a couple of them. A lot of the players that's in the pro football hall of Fame come from HBCUs. Yes sir. Yeah. PCUs. Yeah. Yeah. So Dabo can do all this. He can get on his pulpit and preach and pontificate all he wants to. Oh, I'm gonna leave. And they start. You ain't had no plan. He had no problem.


Every time Clemson give him a boost, he making seven. He making eight. He making 10. He making 11. He ain't had no problem. All the players. This ain't, this is college, this is man, shut up. The player finna get that money, get it, get it. And don't y'all go to Clemson unless they pay, pay top dollar. Yeah. Yeah. You listen, you know, if you wanna win, times have changed. You gotta adapt to your surroundings. You gotta evolve just like technology. Same way the game has changed. Either you get with it or you get gone. I I I, I've been very fortunate, like I said, I've been with, I've been with my, my agent since 1996.


So we coming up on 30 years. Yes sir. He's anytime I've, anytime I've lost something. Right. He always tells me, don't never worry about it. The next company you work for, they'll pay for it. Mm. I go, okay, I like that. They'll pay for it. You gotta get up off a car. You gotta get off of X amount of dollars. Don't even worry about it. Puts my mind at such ease. I like that. But as I've gotten older, as I've gotten older, I've become more and more detached from things. Cars, money, jewelry.


It don't mean it don't mean as much to me as it once did. It did. Yeah. When you, so Once, once you could detach yourself from it. Ocho that's freedom. Unc. That's freedom Unc. That's the definition of being free. Where it don't have a hold on you no more. It don't got you in a choke hold. No more. More. A lot of people, a lot of people can't do that. That's hard. I walk, Hey, I'll walk away from a hundred thousand, 200,000 Like it an ish. Yeah. It won't even look back. Yes Sir. Because that's just who I am now. That's where I am in my life now. It don't, it don't, it don't, it don't mean now you caught OSHA in his twenties and thirties, Different ball game.


I spend 500,000 to get a hundred thousand back because I know you ain't got it. And so I'm gonna put your ass in a crunch. But now take off with it. Right. It don't, it it don't, it doesn't bother me anymore. 'cause I'm gonna look, I like, Hey, my kids good, mom, mom, sister, brother. Good. I'm great. Take off. I don't care. You just learn Ocho as you get older. Things that used to get you riled up Yeah. Mean a lot to you. It don't, it don't anymore. It ain't even worth it. Yeah. It come with time though. It come with time, time, age, maturity.


Think about, think about some of the things you, you enjoyed and you loved when you was playing. I'm talking about enjoy. You just couldn't do without. Yep. Now man, I, I could care less. See the thing is like when you ask God for something, I ask God for patience. Yes sir. He's not gonna give me patience Ocho he's gonna put me in a situation where patience is required. Wow. That's what he does. Right. He puts you in a situation where what you're asking for is required and you learned. But it took, it took a while for me to get to that point.


It's going to be okay. Right. And then once I, once I let that go and I start, I stopped thinking about money and it wasn't man Ocho stuff just, just, just started coming, Flowing. Yeah. Just started coming. I was like, boy, I'm arguing over this. And he done gave it back to me. Tenfold. Mm.


President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I Read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris, We have someone who wants to be president who has consistently attempted to use Race to Divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those, not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris for president.


I'm Julian Edelman. I'm Rob Gronkowski. Guess what folks? We're teammates again and we're gonna welcome you guys all to dudes on. Dudes. I'm a dude. You're a dude. And dudes on Dudes is our brand new show. We're gonna highlight players, peers, guys that we played against, legends from the past. And we're just gonna sit here and talk about 'em and we'll get into the types of dudes. What kind of types of dudes are there? Gros, We got Studs, wizards, we got Freaks or Dudes. Dude, we got Dogs Dog. We'll break down their games. We'll share some insider stories and determine what kind of dude each of these dudes are. Is Randy Moss a stud or a freak? Is Tom Brady a dog or a dude's? Dude, We're gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, James Brown, BB King, Miriam mc Kiba. I Shook up the World. James Brown said, say it loud. And Akia said, I'm black and I'm Proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in the heart of Zaire Africa. Three Days of music and then the boxing event. What was going on in the world at the time made this fight as important that anything else is going on on the planet. My Grandfather Laid on the ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself Out. Welcome to Rumble, the story of a world in transformation, the Sixties. And prior to that you couldn't call a person black. And how we arrived at this peak moment, I Don't have to be what you want me to be, We all came from the continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life, the referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts. Hey everyone, it's Katie Couric. Well, the election is in the home stretch and I'm exhausted, but turns out the end is near right in time for a new season of my podcast. Next question. This podcast is for people like me who need a little perspective and insight. I'm bringing in some foks friends of Katie's to help me out like Ezra Klein, van Jones, Genki, Ted Herndon. But we're also gonna have some fun, even though these days fun and politics seems like an oxymoron. But we'll do that thanks to some of my friends like Samantha B. Roy Wood Jr. And Charlemagne the God, we're gonna take some viewer questions as well. I mean, isn't that what democracy is all about? Power to the podcast for the people. So whether you're obsessed with the news or just trying to figure out what's going on this season of next question is for you, check out our new season of next question with me, Katie Couric on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I've never been too proud to work hard. Mm. People try to make me feel bad. Man, you working in them fields. You getting tall in your 'cause. I mean, you know, you get tall on your hands, you got tar in your hair, you out there getting black. I ain't never been too, I've never been too proud to work hard, man, give a honest day's salary. I give 'em a honest day's work. Yes Sir. I Can honestly say I ain't never took nothing off. Nobody. Okay. I hit my grandma a couple times for 50 cents. But you, I gave him, I gave him, yeah, I hit granny, I hit gran up. But I think, I think she forgave her baby. I think I, I think I made, I make, I think I made good on that Ocho but that, but that, that's just me.


And, and and the biggest mistake that I've made, a large portion of my, my life. Yeah. Ocho is that I think everybody thinks like me. Oh, I'm gonna go out there and work hard. I ain't gonna take nobody else is. I'm gonna go out here and do the right thing. I ain't gonna do that. Well, you know, Just the opposite, You know, times are different now. Just the opposite. Not, you know, everybody want that fast life. Everybody want that, that everybody want that Instagram lifestyle. You know, it's, it is only, it is only, it really ain't too many jobs that can provide that, that lifestyle where you see on Instagrams all the time. Right. It's only one way. Ain't it's only a, it's only one way to get that. You know what I mean? If you, if you ain't on that goddamn field of that basketball court, hell, it's only one other route to attain That type of Lifestyle and luxury Entertainment or something.


You doing something because ain't nobody that's working that's worth money posting that money like that. No, no. God, you post too much. They gonna come get it now. They gonna come see what you buy. Oh. They coming to get oh shit. Who you telling Come see what you buy Telling. Listen, I might listen sometimes if you doing it and you gotta get it how you live to provide, to provide, eh, sometimes you got, you gotta get it how you live. I, I understand that. I come from those circumstances at one point too. I get it. It's, it's unfortunate. Just hypothetically speaking, If, you had 196 billion right now.


What you do with that? That's A, I know black colleges ain't gonna be, ain't gonna be suffering no more. Yeah, I know, I know that for certain. I like, I know my community, there gonna be a lot of outreach programs in my community. Yeah. My community gonna be a lot better and a lot better shape than what we in right now. I can bet you that. Yeah. Now I might be worth 196 billion today, but when I die, I ain't gonna be worth 196 billion. I ain't gonna lie. I'm not gonna lie. Yeah. I'm not. Yeah. Don't dope, dope. I ain't gonna, and I'm not gonna leave all that money to my kids. I'm gonna leave them enough to do something. Yeah. But not enough where they ain't gotta do nothing.


Right. I like that. So. Oh yeah. Savannah State gonna be, Savannah State gonna be, well, well locked and then I'm gonna trickle that down to, I think it's probably a hundred and twenty five, a hundred fifty other Right. College black colleges. Oh, they gonna be straight. I'm trying in my community. Yeah. Gonna be good. Oh yeah. Hell yeah. Right. Lemme see 196 million. I'm, I'm thinking for one, first off, my kids and those, I have kids from everybody. Good. I'm, I'm, I'm taking care of that. I'm taking care of HomeFirst that nucleus. That that, that's very important to me. Obviously my mom and my, my mom and my grandma are going, my brothers make sure they good schools.


FMU obviously you know how much I I love FAMU. Yep. Oregon State. Got to get back to Oregon State even though I was only there for four months. Yep. My immediate close friends and it ain't that many. It's probably, it's probably eight of us. I'm about close. I make sure they good. There's some other, other entities that I, that I enjoy, that I support charities. I'm, I'm going to pour into them as well. And that's, that's, that's all I can think of right now. Yeah. I'm I'm sure it's more of, I'm just hypothetically speaking right now off the top of my head. Some of the things, things, things I would do. But Yeah, We have Gonna be crazy.


I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna be too crazy though. I'm gonna give me a new smart car. Nah, I don't want, no, I don't want, no, I don't, I don't care nothing about no cars. I got enough cars. I done had all the cars. If I don't get another car, I'm good. I I'm good with the, I'm good on cars. Yeah. But I tell you what, better state sport, a Nick Saban coming outta retirement. Gonna coach at Savannah State. Okay, Listen. Hey, the NIL money, listen that fam you gonna be a Power Five school when I'm done. Oh yeah. Nick Saban gonna be coaching at Savannah State. Hey, the NIL. Oh, y'all won a battle. Who won a battle? Yep. Come On, come on down here to Tallahassee now I got whatever you need. Yes sir. A million dollar stimulus package.


Savannah State ain't gonna have number five stars. We ain't got number five star football and basketball. Hey, Frack and Field Girls basketball. Oh, the next Juju Watkins. Praise backers. Yeah. Come on down. Savannah State. I like it. Come on, get this two gone and get this. Hey, I would pay y'all more than y'all gonna make going to the WNBA come on down here and get this money. That's right. Oh, for sure. I like It man. That ain't right. It is right. It ain't wrong either, so I'm just telling you what, if I had that money, I'm taking care of black colleges and my community. Oh we gonna build this thing up. Yeah, for sure. I'm thinking I'ma change, I'm gonna change Liberty City.


I'm gonna change the, the name of Liberty City. Call it, call it SHO's World. By everybody. By all by by all by all by all the buildings up, by all Windwood back. Yeah. 'cause you know, they done came in and bought up all, all the stuff, all the people out and it push all the people out. Bring them, bring them on back home so we can, we can have our wonderful beautiful city back. Man. I gotta buy a franchise. I'm get, we got about, get about five, four or five of us. We gonna get us a franchise. We go with a football team, a basketball team. Damn. Yeah, for sure. I Just want one All black.


It gonna be all black owners. Yeah. Majority owners. Yep. And I don't even wanna be the face of it. I just want us, I wanna be the face of, if I had 196 billion, I mean, just hypothetically speaking, I asked Mike Browner, I asked Mike Brown to sell me the team. He ain't selling It. I know, I mean, and I, I mean that in a respectful way. I mean, I, I like the way they run things, but I, I just wanna be a owner. If I was to be a owner either, I asked Steven Ross, Steven Ross to sell me the Dolphins or Mike Brown to sell me. You got a better chance. You got a better chance because Stephen Ross doesn't have the attachment to the Dolphins like Mike Brown has to the Bengals Bengals.


Right, Right, right. You gotta realize Mike Brown dad founded the Bengals. Paul Brown. Yes, sir. So there's a little bit, there's a little bit more attachment to it. Right. It's kinda like the McCaskey and the Bears. There's a little bit more attachment of the Kansas City Hunt. Lamar Hunt founded Kansas City, Clark Hunt and his brothers, they not getting off that. That's a family business. Right. So you're probably gonna have to have somebody Ocho that, that purchased the team that doesn't have the same attachment. Right. The family attachment, the family connection to it. Now Jerry ain't ever getting rid of the Cowboys. Yeah. So I, I don't listen. I ain't, And they just had a $10 billion valuation. But you're probably gonna have to find somebody that doesn't have the family attachment.


The Titans, you're not getting them. Amy Adams skunk Ain't Another name. Bud Adams daughter. Yeah. You going, he founded the, he founded the Houston ERs. Right. You not getting that from her. Yeah. You going too far now? Miami of Cincinnati, one or the other. So if it's ma a Shrunk, Shrunk, shrunk. Amy Adams shrunk. Right. So, like I said, you know Ocho like, you probably like the, the Wilsons because they sold it. 'cause a lot of times you got these owners because the, what is that? The death tax was so great that the owner would die and the family would have to like, it's gonna take 45, 50% of it.


So you had to sell it. Right. Dang. Yeah. Hey, could you, Hey, could you imagine if I own, imagine if I own the Dolphins, like think about that. I'd be the first owner that own the team and play. Yeah. Hey out there, Mike mc, I don't give, I don't give a fuck if it's one play put me in the game. This man wanna go out there. You got all that money. Wanna go out there and do have surgery? Put me In the game. Hey, put me in a game. You know? Put me in a put me, listen. One play. I ain't, I ain't gotta do much As I tell you what, Play, play a code gm, everything. I'm closing down Magic City for the whole week. Can't nobody come in there but me? What, what about the women?


The, that's who I wanna see. Ain't no other dude coming up can't Hold you. Can't. You can't, I, I can't. I I got, don't tell me what I can and can't do. I got 'em all the, the whole week. Hey buddy Private. That's funny. Or a private event. Ocho Matter Of fact, we can have a private event. Hey, when you, when you, when you fly to Atlanta, Wendy, When Okay. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm leaving. I'm leaving tomorrow. I'm, I'm gonna leave tomorrow Mo I leave tomorrow morning. Well, Damn. What you going down there that earlier for? What you mean? What you mean? I'm, I gotta, I ain't, I ain't, I don't be in Atlanta like that, so I'm just trying to get myself acclimated, But but Rel ain't gonna be there.


Nah. Where Rel get there. Shoot, I don't think she coming. She got, oh, okay. She gotta take care of The Volume.


President Trump. Why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read Where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris, We have someone who wants to be president, who has consistently attempted to use Race to Divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those, not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris for president.


If you're a facilities manager at a warehouse and your HVAC system goes down, it can turn up the heat literally, but don't sweat it. Grainger has you covered. Grainger offers over a million industrial grade products for all your operations, including warehouse, hvac, maintenance, and even better, they offer access to experts and fast delivery. So you and your warehouse can both keep your cool. Call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


I'm Julie Delman. I'm Rob Gronkowski and we are super excited to tell you about our new show Dudes On Dudes. We're spilling all the behind scenes stories, crazy details, and honestly just having a blast talking football. Every week we're discussing our favorite players of all times, from legends to our buddies to current stars. We're finally answering the age old question. What kind of dudes are these dudes? We're gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974, George Foreman Was champion of the world. Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story Behind the Rumble in the Jungles, like a Hollywood movie, But that is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam Maba, all the Biggest slack artists on the Planet together in Africa. It was a big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.