
You know, you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip, or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions, apply C app for details.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between, because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


Have you seen TGL presented by SoFi? It's golf's newest league. I got to see the debut of this. It was wild and so much fun. Two hours of hammer dropping overtime, forcing playoffs on the line. Golf with 24 of the best players from the PGA tour. They're split into six teams. Atlanta, Boston, Jupiter, la, New York, and the Bay. And it's not your average Sunday pickup game. Tune in every week for TGL matches. Only on ESPN tune into TGL Monday night only on ESPN Claim your seat for the first season of TGL. Now keep up. It's golf. The Volume


NFL playoffs. We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at DraftKings. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at Draftking. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Most Mobile is now legit nationwide. 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit boost mobile.com or your nearest Boost mobile store location to learn more. Boost mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Ocho, Jayden Daniels is single and that will not be changing his mom age. Egypt said, she said some girls got Jayden Daniels wall and her mom said you'll get him. Someone's tried to hook him, but thank God he's got a mama like me because it ain't happening. Talk to her mama. Hey, well mama, don't play that. Don't let her, don't let her. Hey mama, don't let him put that skin on. Nobody. Listen mama, mama do not mama do not play that. No, it ain't, that ain't happening. And there is one thing about it.


One thing about it is she understands the landscape and how it is. Oh yeah, the quarterback, she, she experienced it when him was at LSU. She experienced it when him was at Arizona State. She already knows the lady. He was, well he probably was a four or five star. So she's been experimenting. She's been been dealing with this since he was what, probably 13. 13. This is different now we talking message. Oh Yeah, for sure. There's money, there's money involved. This is all Yeah, that too. But it's a whole nother level. And you and Chocolate City too, man. Come on now. It definitely gets harder. Ocho It gets harder. Yeah, because because you, you don't know Ocho.


You don't know everybody. Like I got my own money. You ain't got this kinda money. You got that kind of money. Oh, I got me a good job. It ain't this one. Yeah, it's different. It is. And so how do you know who likes him for him and who likes him for what comes with him? You know, better than that. At this, at this stage, at this stage, it's just never, it's never come on now we know better than that. It's what it's what you can do. Everything at this point in our life is based on conditions. Nothing is unconditional. Now. Jayden, Daniel will get unconditional love from his family, from his mom, from His Mom.


No. That, that, that, that's about it. Everything else. It's all about, it's all about, you know, how is it benefiting me? That's it. And everybody always talk about love and oh, I'm in love, man, listen, what's Love got to do. Nothing. Because if at any point the reason that why you're with an individual he can't provide anymore, the situation is long, no longer beneficial. You're not benefiting from from it yourself. The re the resources are cut off. He starts saying, no, let's see how much you love him then.


Yeah, I listen, I tell you all the time, she had a loyalty is nothing but two words. Loyalty is nothing but a word in the dictionary between opportunity and convenience. That's only as long as it's opportunity and it's making my life easy and it's convenient. Oh yeah. Shit. Love the hell out. You, she would love the hell out you. Hey, who made that? Hey, somebody gotta send me that. I gotta use that. That's a good one. Yeah.


But I like that his mom, his mom is there. And you see a lot more of that now, Ocho. Oh yeah. Mom's getting involved. We saw that with Lamar. Yeah. We see that with a lot more than mom's. Not only like, I don't know, I don't know if she lives with him, but I'm sure she's in DC with him. I don't know if Lamar mom's live with him, but I know she's probably in Baltimore with him. Right. And you know, they have that type of relationship and that's unbelievable. I'm I'm happy to see that. But you're right, you're right. And unfortunately it's like this, everybody looking for that come up. Yeah. Looking to say, hey, looking to hit a lick. Absolutely. Especially in this economy.


Come on now. It don't matter about the economy. When you got, when you got that kind of Jay Daniels money, Jay Daniels got that kind of money in any economy. Oh yeah. A robust economy. They tried to get at it. Yeah. A and this is gonna be, it's gonna be hard for 'em no Matter. And everybody said I'm different. Hey, listen. You know what I'm saying, don't you? Everybody said I'm different. I ain't like them. I got my own money. Yeah. Don't, and You see this, I got these YSL and I got Tom Ford and I got burkin, I got on this. You ain't got that kind of money no matter what you say. You know, ain't ain't nothing wrong with that. No, ain't wrong with that.


Ain't nothing wrong with that. But see, when you, but see if you got one, you know she making like 500. You know, like, okay, I can work with you. Yeah, you, yeah. I'm what is the chances of fighting that? Yeah, they, they, you found it. Hold on. Who you. And it left me. Yeah. Look at there. Look at her there. And it left. It left me too. She ain't left me. Hey, one thing about it, boy, when they got they on like that, boy your, yeah. That's how you, that's how you operate. Hey, Your least short. Yeah, But ocho But think about it. Once you started making dollars a you like, Hey, I ain't finna take this.


Oh yeah. Oh. Y'all don't play that. You know, back in the day, hey, when you was a high school girl, hang up on you. Like you call right back line might be busy. You like, oh, come on girl, you beg, hang on if you want To. Oh nah. But you never, When you try to, will you try to call back? Dude, The number you call is no longer in service. If you feel you reached this numbering error, please hang up and try this call again. It's d it is different. It's, it is different. It's different now. Especially when money comes into play. Because there's certain, there's certain things. You don't have to, you don't have to tolerate it anymore. No you Don't. You gotta tolerate it. Like, I'm, I'm here to help you. You talking shit. And you look like you need help.


How you giving me a hard time? I'm here to, to bless you. Trying to make a life easy. You trying to make a life easy. Trying to thank You. Don't life me. What you doing man? Sh Bro. Go to bed. I this here.


Don't you wanna go to bed? Hey, anybody, anybody want a 2-year-old male name? Titus nickname type man. He eats four bags of a farmer's dog. A date. Four, Four bags. He gets groomed grooming. He doesn't like to go anywhere. So the groom is gonna have to come to the house. The vets also gonna have to come to the house. How much you cost me? A year? A lot. Cost a lot. Oh.


This joker here, man. Ever since he got on TV one time he think he's supposed to be on tv. Cutting up Damn tired as night. Every time I'm on tv, you all in my picture. Try dancing. Standing up on the table and you got look at there. Look at it. You got glitter. Look at this. Look what's in your mind. So 2-year-old male bobble intact, Not intact. Yeah. He's he in, he's definitely intact.


But I'm glad, I'm glad Jay Mama put that out there. Jayden. Stick to the plan bro. You got, you got. Hey, you'll always be able to find somebody in life if you hadn't found him. Hey, wait till you, it's tough though, Ocho because the further you go along and the, the bigger you get, the harder it, it's it, but hey, we, we got what prenups are for. You need to go back now. Fuck man. Nah, forget that. Forget that. Go back. Go back. Go back. Somebody who dated in high school. Somebody who dated before you even made it where it was actually genuine at that point because you had nothing to offer then you had nothing to offer.


No. Lay down, lay down enough. Lay down, Jump back on camera. Titus no, he not gonna jump back on camera. He gonna take his ass to bed. What he going do? Oh, Joe, it's been a very, very tough week for Lions rookie quarterback, Taran Arnold. First he came up short against the commanders and then he hosted this video. Oh, he got on socks. Yep. Now he got on socks on that wood.


Hey, I know that, I know that feeling all too well. I know that all, I know that feeling all too well. Yep. And listen, you, you, you, you fall so the, because the socks are slippery, especially on wood, you have no time to catch yourself or even recover. No, No time at all. Hey, that's, I'm glad. I'm glad he is okay though. Yeah. Yeah. I'm glad he okay. I listen, I'm not even gonna, I'm not even gonna laugh at that because I know exactly how that feel. Of course. Hey, your your heart. Your heart. You know when somebody scare you. Yeah. That's, that's that, that feeling Your heart. You right. Ocho Hey. That's why I keep, I hey, but I ain't really a barefoot guy.


I mean, even when I go to the bathroom, I got my, I got my Crocs right by the bed. I don't walk around my house barefooted. No, I'm saying no, you socks. I don't walk around. I walk around. You not gonna see me in my house without my Crocs on. Okay. Okay. I got indoor crocs, I got outdoor Crocs. Okay. Yeah. Why you laughing at? I know y'all, you and Joy gonna clean this shit up. I mean, Oh look, Fe still there. Yeah.


We all have experience praying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees. Fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bancorp North America or Stride Bank. North America members FDIC. SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


The new year means new health goals. Not just for your body but your finances too. But did you know financial health is directly related to identity protection? You need LifeLock because your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package, in fact, restoration is guaranteed. Or your subscription money back don't face drained accounts. Fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve To make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/iheart and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/iheart terms apply.


Whether You're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL Order Now terms and conditions apply. See out for details.


Hey guys, it's Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about faith. This and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. Yeah. All you out there that are spent two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games, they've come in and haven't scored 20 points. And you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this. We'll, we'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast


Ocho Coach Saban went on the pivot and spoke about the problem with today's players. They're nice, they're free agents twice, twice a year. Go wherever they want. NFL coaches call me saying players can't sustain, persevere, overcome adversity. They have to leave when it gets hard. I understand what he's saying, but leaving when it gets hard isn't gonna solve the problem. 'cause wherever you go it's gonna be hard. You can't have, you can't have it from the ground. You can't hide it from the work. Not if you're serious about getting to the next level and the players. He's talking about, I don't think he talking about any of the dogs and you, you know what I'm trying to say.


Yeah. You know them ones that are going to be at the next level. They not come from that. But how many, how many guys that's at the next level left one school and went to another. It's happening. That's happened Now. Now you can't even coach him. If I coach him too hard, I'm gonna jump my butt. The portal. Right. Okay. How much, how much, how much you got for your boy? I had 200 last year. I need 400. I need 500 this year. That's We, we, we, we. Because the success, we want instant success. Yeah. And so we don't get success. We just a just scratch a it is like you play a video game on your the game. B you what you do, you turn it off. I power our effort.


Come back later. Ain't nobody, ain't no ain't nobody wanna work. I ain't even let this game beat me. Ocho. Power it down. I mean you can't even talk you, I I ain't saying look, I ain't saying you gotta, the coaching is not as bad as it is. Like when I was coming up. When they dog cus you, they grab you by the face mask and they put the foot in your butt. All kind of stuff. It's not like that now. Right. But damn you can, damn, you can't really coach a good kid now Ocho Now you can't. They too sensitive. Like what? Damn sensitive. Everything bothers them. Everything bothers 'em. You have to understand how to deal with the kids in this era.


And I think that's why NFL teams have gone to younger coaches because they can resonate with the younger generation a little better than the older coaches. Yes. Who have old coaching styles and it just wasn't worth Yeah. You right OI mean it's this, I mean I remember coach grabbed me by my face mask. I went home and told my grandma say, take you'll make you a man Because Everything, everything, every tough situation my grandmother felt was paring preparing me to be a man. Right. Fall down all that other stuff. She's like, hey be it is gonna make make you a man.


It'll make you tough. You gonna have a family one day. You gonna have to do all like damn somebody grab me by my face mask. You don't wanna say nothing. Nah. But, but I'm serious ojo. But that's the way it is now. Yeah. It's hard for a coach to coach. I'm talking about give you genuine coaching. Right. When you do something wrong, he corrects you. Right. Without you getting upset. It's hard man. Without you getting a temper tantrum, without you saying I'm not going back in the game. Yeah, it it. Yeah. Yeah. No I'm in the portal.


Yeah. Okay. I mean it used to be, look, if you lost your job at some point during the season, my job, I aint, that never happened to me Ocho. But I'm saying you get it back. Yeah. Yeah. Now guy lose a job. He don't even wanna fight for our shit. I'm going to the Portland Again. That's not one of them though. That's why The question is how did I guy get that job if you had it, if somebody else got it, what work you doing? Right. I like that. I like that. That's, that's, that's one way to put it. But you nothing Ocho if I'm here, you not Finn to get this job.


Absolutely. When I was at Savannah State, when I got that job after my sophomore year, my that spring practice ocho. Right. I said I don't care who X but there will never be another Z here from 87, 88 to 89, I'm the only Z. Right. The only one. I said y'all fight that out on the other side. Ain't got nothing to do with Shane. Ain't got nothing to do with that yo. That ain't got nothing to do with me. Nothing with me. And they, hey, they come in, hey, you know, playing time, blah, blah, blah. Those are a Holmes. Hey You talking about, hey you talking about a true sophomore? That's the first team all American. Yeah. You gonna beat him out? Shoot, beat him out the, He was conference player of the year.


He was offensive player of the year. And he was first team on conference conference and you think you gonna beat him out. So I think you might be pretty good in the slot. Hell No. Well, hey, but I didn't, you know, did you, did you take guys on recruiting on, on visits, recruiting visits. So, so did you take guys around this campus to take out? Nah. No sir. No sir. Because I, I ain't, I ain't, honestly I didn't do any of that. So I wouldn't, I wouldn't have been the one to be doing that in general. I did one time I had one, I had, I took one guy around the campus.


Guess who it was? You got Ben. Cos Ben, big old Ben. Our tight end had flunked out. Flu, flunked out. So Coach Davidson, coach Davidson told me, do you mind moving to tight end? I was at that point in time. Mocho, I, I'd went from like 180 to 2 2 0 5. 2 0 7. Right. So I was gonna be the big, I said, coach, y'all gonna throw me the ball. He like, yeah son. I said okay. So I already know Ben coming in. He said he wanted to start. I said, what position? I said what position you play my man? He said, I'm a tight in.


I said don't come here. No, I said that I'm moving the tight end and you can't beat me out. Right. I say to, he gonna be on the bench and then we weren one or two tight end set. You can't beat me out. Right. Mm. That's Fine. From that point on, coach Davis say Ha home, I don't need you to talk to nobody else. Ask coach you. And that's, that's a good, that's a good story there. And that's a good one. That's classic. That is classic. But but you know what he would do when it came Friday night or Saturday night, he bring the ass down to the dungeon while everybody else was going to the parties.


They see, hey, they see number two down there lifting weights. They come by the room. 'cause I have my door open. I'm on my bed reading gq. I'm looking at, I'm reading magazine. Right. There wasn't nothing at the party for me. Nah. It wasn't nothing that party for me. Ocho I'm going, hey, where I'm going? Hey, they tell me they got some bad parties. They got some bad things. They got them things at the parties in the NFL. The little thing right there. Look right here. That ain't for me. Ain't nothing but a headache on. That's all. It was ocho. Oh Yeah. Oh, you go to party. Did you go to parties when you was at Oregon State? No.


Hell nah. Uhuh absolutely not. Guess who? Yeah. I went to one, you know, that's all I needed. You went to one. You know I had me Aang. Oh Lord have mercy. Yeah. Titus jump on ass. I I done saved him. Told you not to get. But what?


Hey gonna clean up all this mess. I ain't gonna have that. The housekeeper don't need to cut tomorrow. Can you hear me? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hi, this this. Chill out. Chill out yo. Alright, now it's time for our last segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. Q and a Q and a. Ask me something. I won't lie. Well said. MVP talk. The narrative is that Josh Allen is doing more with less talent. One could argue just because their names aren't popular yet, the added players can be more talented.


Hint, hint, Buffalo got rid and added for a reason. Ida. Yeah. Look, that's what Tom, that's what they did for Tom. They didn't realize those players that he had was perfect for that system. Oh yeah. And you know what, you know Unc I'm glad you just said that. The system and you know what they kept? Yes. You know what they kept drafting and what they kept bringing in as far as freedom system never went, never went off script, never went away for the method and will continue to work the pieces to the puzzle. Constantly change every year on that team except one piece.


And that's 12. Yes. So he made Wes we work, he made am Amendola work. Work. He made Edelman work work. He made Dion Branch work. Branch work. Yeah. He made to Brown David Patton work. Yeah. Yeah. To Brown. It did not matter. Yeah. Now maybe when they went elsewhere, they never had the success that they had there. There. Yeah. But it didn't matter. Yeah. They fit there. I don't care if you don't have success anywhere else, I need you to be successful Here. Yeah. So if you go elsewhere, man, I thought we'd get No, no. Look, this argument's gonna go back and forth.


Yeah. Who should win the MVP? Who will win the MVP? If I'd have had a vote, I'd have voted for Lamar. But if you wanna make it a, if you wanna make it a situation, because I can't because I can't, I can't let 41 and four go Ocho. I can't let 41 4, 900, 900 rush yards go. I can't. That's a historically great season. A season we might not ever see again. So Yeah. Hey Lamar. Hey. Well Lamar, Lamar is, is it, it is hard and it's all about preference. It's all on who you like. You know, if you're a Bills fan, you know who they voting for. If you're a Raven fan, you know who you're voting for. Right. And Lamar Jackson and God Josh Allen had two hell of a goddamn seasons, man.


Yes. Listen, if there was a way you could split it down in the middle, they both are deserving of the award. It's been done before. Ocho Barry Sanders and Brett PAVs shared the MVP. Maybe They didn't do it this year. Hey Manning. And, and, and, and, and McNair shared an MVP. Maybe they do it this year, But it's been done. And guess what, you got 50 voters. So 25. 25. You could actually share 'em, you could actually share it. Yeah. I don't know if they will. You don't think so? Listen, If if there's a year to do it, this is the year to do it. Yes. Just based on what both of them have accomplished in the regular season.


Like I said, the last, Brett and Barry did it in 97 and I don't know what year it was when Steve and Payton did it, but they did, but they also shared an MVP. So with that being said, Kim Norwood Jr. Said, my question is, will the Patriots win any more Super Bowls in the near future? Hell no. Like No time soon. Yeah. What, what Future buzz Lightly your fu future. I mean what future you talking about ocho, Isaiah Lancaster said Uncle Ocho.


Where does Andy Reed rank all time as the greatest coach? And what's your Super Bowl prediction as far as matchup? Well, look, theoretically he got a great chance to catch Shula because he got, if the question is how much longer does he wanna coach? How old is Exactly. Exactly. Because they're gonna win 10 games. They got 17. So he's won 300 games total. Right? He's 66. So could he coach another six years? Sure. Yeah. Win 10 games a year. How many regular season wins does he have? Two 70. Two 80.


He has 300 total wins. When you include the playoffs, how many regular season? He's gonna have a case. He's gonna have a case to be a top three. I mean, coach Belichick Lombardi, you know people like Paul Brown, people like Bill Walsh. Yeah. Chuck no. Coach Landry. But when it's all said and done, he gets another Super Bowl. He got three hundred twenty five, three hundred and thirty, forty wins. Right. I think right now Coach Belichick is one who we have is two is up for debate.


Coach Na Lombardi, coach Lombardi is up there because he has two Super Bowls and I think he has like three championships. Right. Andy Reed got more than 146 wins. Oh no. He had that when he left Philly To about Andy Reed. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. He got 2 73. He has an outside chance. He got an outside chance to catch Coach Shula. Man. How, how many coach Shula got again? I think he got 3 47.


It's gonna, it's gonna be a, it's gonna be a little minute you going, you have to win a whole lot of games now. Hell, he went, he win 13, 14 every year. Ocho Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Coach, you better check Zoe. Oh, he had three. Schuler has 3 28 regular season wins. Okay. Ocho six years win six ga win six games a year. That's 60, that's 3 33. Boom. Got it. Okay. Now when you, when you, when you, when you, when you, when you put it like that, it's pretty easy Down. Hey, down. As a matter fact. Hey, get out out, get out out.


Man, you don you done tos the homie out the room, man. Yeah. Lord said they used to, they used to say where's the beef Now they like, where's the bread for the players and the coaches? True. You are absolutely right. And that's what it's about. Hey, I don't bla look. Oh Joe, I'm not the look, I I, I don't beg, I don't begrudge the players 'cause there's so much money going around and the players are just not starting to get some of it. Yeah. Yeah. They're starting to get some of it. And so now Ocho guys are able to do for their family now. Yep. Prior to Ooh and More. I mean there have always been some OCHO that got, you know, got a little something Under the, under the under.


Yeah. But listen, the amount, the amount they were getting back then is nothing like it is today. You, you are able to change your family's lives and dynamic immediately. And you ain't even got to the league. Man, Jordan sit down with them canister. Y'all open all this shit up. He got all this stuff in my, in my head. Got all this stuff in my house. Yeah. Adrian said question Uncle Ocho, if, if you had to pick three receivers to be featured on the upcoming Madden cover, who should they be? Justin Jeffers, Justin Jefferson.


And He said three. Right. I said I got Chase Jefferson and Chase Jefferson. I'm gonna go Brian Thomas Jr. I'm gonna just keep it all, I'm gonna just keep the whole New Orleans crew all together. Well, Since you gonna go there, I go with neighbors. Oh shoot. Elite neighbors of the Giants. Damn. I forgot about neighbors. He had a good, he had a good year too. Yeah, he Had like 112. Yeah, he got it Good. 812 catches. Yeah, Maybe Eight. He had it with a quarterback carousel like that.


Yeah. No, we don't celebrate it enough. Cameron says, said Uncle Ocho. Who your favorite Mar Marvel? Heroes. Villain characters. And why I love y'all Bronco Country Hulk. I'm a Hulk guy. Hey, I mean, I like, I mean look, I'm a Hulk guy. You gonna be mad at me boy. I don't really, I don't really watch Marvel like that. You don't got no he superhero like Batman. Batman. Nah, Batman is DC isn't it? I listen, Batman is DC Superman, DC all low school Went in.


So you gotta Go Iron Man and stuff like that. Nah, I don't Iron Man, captain, captain America. The First time I learned about Infinity War or I don't remember the chat would be better off, you know, correcting me. 'cause I'm gonna, I'm gonna be wrong here with the, the movie with Thanos. And then when he collected the, the rubies on his fist Oh, the phone. Yeah. Whatever, whatever movie that was, I only understood and knew about that. And I watched it because I got tired of everybody on Twitter. That's all my entire timeline with just that. Yeah. Talking about that movie. I'm like, man, lemme go see what the hell they talking about, man.


Yeah. And that, that was the First time I saw it. It was, it was cool. It was good, but it's just, it's just not my thing. Disrespect Black. You got Black Panther. Yeah. But you not, I ain't the biggest comic guy either. I mean, a white car. Yeah. I mean we, I, yeah, I'm not, you know, you had, you know, like had Superman, all those in the halls of justice. But I mean, during that, during that time even growing up on, you know, Superman, He-Man and, and Hulk and all that. I was playing video games. I'm gonna just be honest with you. I was playing video games. PJ said been here since the first episode. Usually listen to on Spotify. Just wanted to tell Ocho to try to stay positive.


Not addressing it is the right move. Not addressing what I guess he talking about, you know. Damn. What happened? Huh? He you gonna be all right? He all right? He all right. Wait, what happened? Hey, Yeah, Ocho, why you trying to hook me up on the show? Ocho? Huh? How my ass? Why you trying to hook me up? Did I did? Yeah, you did. Oh, My bad, my bad. I mean, look, we filmed that a long time ago. I probably forgot. You ain't forget You ain't No, no. I'm, I'm serious. You gotta think we filmed that. I'm talking about so long ago. So if it just, if it just, because it just came by yesterday.


We filmed that maybe what, six, seven months ago. And you might've told me, you know, you know, I don't know. I maybe I, I don't know. I'm just, I'm just looking out from a, from a part of McCall. You might've been lonely back then. Maybe Juice Daddy ain't oh four. What do you do when you fall in love with your best friend and she doesn't feel the same way? Whoa. I don't know. Whoa, whoa. If she Doesn't happen the Same, hold on. Time out man. Time out. If you know she don't feel the same way because the signs are always there, a woman will let you know based on the mannerisms and the way she acts around you.


How you falling in love with that? And you know, it ain't even that type of party. Why you set yourself up for failure. She done put you in the friend zone. Come on. Come on bruh. Tighten up man. Type choose, choose who chooses you. Don't, don't fall into that game. Don't fall into that trap. Go where you're accepted, not tolerated. Come on now on Damnit. Go where you appreciated. Yeah. Put you in the friend zone. But I, but I mean, if I, if I got a friend, we already off living. I ain't even tried to go there. I want to keep it there. Right. So that's the, the quickest way to end the friendship. Start a relationship.


Yep. Now go ahead and go ahead and go scuba diving and watch what happened. Yep. Nah. This, hey we friends. Hey, we gonna stay. We gonna keep it that. Leave It at that. That's it.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL Order Now terms and conditions apply. See out for details.


Oh, it's such a clutch off season pickup, Dave. I know, right? I was worried we'd bringing back the same team. Oh no, I meant those blackout motorized shades. MVP of the room. Blinds.com made it crazy affordable to replace our old blinds. Hard To install. No, it was easy. Even you could do it. Nice. I installed these and then got some from my mom too. You Fly across the country to do the install. Nope. Blinds.com can do it all. All she had to do was pick what she wanted. She talked to a design consultant for free and scheduled a professional measure and install. Look At you. A Hall of Fame son. Oh, I just picked the winning team. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in the world. Oh. Blinds.com is the goat, the Goat Shop blinds.com right now and get up to 45% off select styles. Plus a professional measure and a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Save up to 45 percent@blinds.com. blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Have you made the switch to Nicks? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX. Period. Panties from Nicks are like no other. Making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. Their comfy, stylish, and absorbent perfect for period protection. From your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine washed just like regular underwear. But feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles. From bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to high-rise. You've got to try nicks. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's nix.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. That's KI x.com.


And what's your top three classic muscle cars? 70 Chevelle LS 6 4 54. I'll take a 68 Camaro and I'll take a, I'll take a Cuda. You like them Cudas me. You say two? Two or three? Three. My, my favorites obviously. My favorites obviously when I was playing. I'm from Miami. I'm a Florida boy. You know how we love Dons And you like to box. You love to box every time.


Yeah. Listen, I give gimme, gimme a nine 90. Gimme gimme a a Chevy Caprice. 90 front 90 back. Give me a 71 Don. 71 and a 73 hard top 71. And gimme a convertible 73 Chevy Caprice. Oh man. You like that big Caprice classic, huh? That 4 27? Yeah, man. Oh my God. Put that in under the hood. I'm gonna have a 3 80, 3 83 stroker. You know, some music in the back man. Put the top down on Sundays. You know, me and my homie, We didn't go to a car show. Huh? We need to go to a car show. Okay, now we talking now, now, now, now we talking, now we talking sema.


Oh, what the SEMA Auto show Now. That's, that's huge. That's a big show. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But you know they have, they have, they have custom bills and it's about more about parks and stuff like that. Is that, is that, Is that an La Sema is in, in in Vegas. Okay. Inve. Okay, okay. In Vegas. Okay. But you know You get Where where they have it, where they have it at though? At the, I think at the convention center. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. But you know you got Meum, you got Barrett Jackson. Mecu is probably like the best place to probably classic car. Right. Go there and scoop us up something. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


But the thing is, I, I mean, probably for me, I like probably get a Resto mod. Something that looks like the original, but it's restored and it's functional. You can drive it on a daily because them cars that's 50 and 60 years old. Man. You can't drive them on a daily. No, No, no, no, no, no. Hey, no. Those aren't for driving on the daily, huh? No they not. That's for special occasion. You know, a Sunday, a Sunday afternoon. You know, you, you, you, you, you, you in the misses wanna, you know, little night on the town, go, go to brunch. That's it. Yeah. I, I like GTO too. I like A GTO, I like a Ram air man.


Probably no Chevelle. I kind of like the car that my, that my, you know, that I saw people around me have. Right. Like my uncle had a, a Chevelle 3 96. My uncle never had a Nova, but my uncle 3 96 was that blue with the rally racist stripes down the hood. Yeah. Black back, hard top. My grandfather had a 72, had a 72 or 73 Caprice Classic Roadrunner. My aunt had a boyfriend that had a Roadrunner. Yeah.


Vitamin C Orange. Of course I like cars. Huh. But bad Ocho to see that money leave my bank account. Man It, it hurt. It hurt all. I don't like that. I don't like it that much no more. It hurt. It, it hurts. And it is, Especially that amount. And Ocho, I don't drive like that anymore. Mm. I'm from point A to point BB And that's it. I mean, my BMW ocho I had of five years Ocho, I just cracked 10,000 miles. Damn. Just cracked 10,000. You Get some good money for that boy.


It's a custom bill. Man. I think Matt with them ketchup guts Damn beat. Yeah. B12. I got that seven 60 Big boy. You step on that Gas Range Rover. I got a Range Rover. I got, it was a 2013, but I got it in 2012. Ocho I got 37,000 miles on it. That's good though. But you get some money for that boy. I said nah. I said, I, I told, I was like, I told my age. I was, I told my, my finance, I was like, you know what, 2026, I think I'm gonna get, you know. I was like, nah, I'm good. Okay. I'm gonna save my money. There you go. There we go. I be talking. I, you know, I get, you know, hey, I get to pull up that thing.


I be looking, ooh, I got that. Hey. Yeah, don't, no. Yeah. Oh no. Oh no. I can't spend nothing. Yeah. Hold On to it now. Hold on to it. I ain't, I ain't gonna spend nothing now. Yeah. On it. Nah, you know. Hey, bought my mom a car. You know Ocho Yeah. I told you my mom. I bought my mom a, a e three 50. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I said, mom, you know, ah, you know, you know that was my baby. You know, I, that was a gift. I said, mama, if I buy you another car, it's a gift. I bought that car from my mom in 99. The car, 26 years old Ocho right now. I told you they gave her 500 for it.


I spent two 50 for 'em to, to it up there. So they basically gave her $250 for the car. Right. Oh, it needed a motor. It needed this. And we had just, I had just sent her some money to get it. Whatever was going on. She like, well what if I just got said, oh no, I'm not spending another dime on that car, another dime. That's it. So, you know, I'm able to do stuff like that for my mom. Right. You know, the house needed a roof because the brother, he had a storm in it. And, and, and down south did that, hooked my brother up and see the look on his face.


That's what, that's, that's, that's what that me ocho I got everything I need. God has blessed me beyond blessed. I don't look, I don't, if I don't get another car the rest of my life, I'm straight. You good? Same. I'm good saying, Nah, you got a Ferrari, Huh? On my ass. You got a Ferrari? I mean, I, I have a, I have a few vehicles. I, I, i I pull out for special occasions. Huh. But I just said I'm good. Well, I, I want me super fast. I want me a Ferrari too then. Lemme see how much a eight 12 cost. 8 8 12. Eight 12. Super Fast. And get you, and let me, matter of fact, now you got me. Now you got me. Oh, They say 300, 3 77 to 600.


Oh, let me erase this. Oh no. Oh no. Hey, let me see what a super slow costs, because Ain't no way 600. Oh no, bro. I ain't got it like that. Ocho. I ain't going even, I ain't finna hold you Get your, get your Ferrari Enzo, Huh? Oh, hell no, man. You know the things cost. I mean, you could get one for about, Oh, for Enzo like a, that's a LA Ferrari now.


They don't, I don't think they call him Enzo. They call it Ferrari. La Ferrari Get get you a la Ferrari then. Oh. What? Please you out your damn mind. All you gotta do is hold on. All you gotta do is hold onto it. Huh? Hold on to it. Don't put, don't put that many miles on there. Oh Lord. At Mercy Ocho, I can't do that Ocho, I ain't got it like that, bro. Oh, you, oh shit. Who you think you fooling Ocho? I can't spend, I can't get off no vehicle. First of all, I, I ain't, I ain't purchased enough Ferrari, so they won't even, they won't even let me get one. I know they know you get, when you get a Ferrari, you gotta keep it for x amount of years before you sell it, or they gonna take your ass off the list.


Let me know. You can't paint it. You can't do it. Let me know. And I, I tell you who to go to Now. I'm good bro. I'm good. I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't see myself spending $2 million for a car with you. I just can't do it. I can't. And plus I don't wanna be, I don't, I don't, I don't, I I ain't, I did it before. I did it when I was 24, 25. Right, Right. And you know, you, you know, I was out there on the f I'm trying to get them fans. I trying to catch them fangs. Ocho Ocho.


I been putting my shoes up. I been hung up. Bojo up. Hey, Listen. My, my jersey. My jersey. I'm gonna put, I'm gonna put that Nightcap sign with that Boost Mogul. Then I'm gonna hang my jersey. And the RAF is right above it. Yeah, I'm done. I'm way, I'm I'm waving the white flag, man. I mean, I, I do see cars on YI like, man, I want Rolls Royce. Yeah. And I wanna, Bentley, I want color it right man. I start seeing the price. O you, I say, man, I can't do that. I can't. Right. You Right. I can't. Nah, nah. I hell nah. You come on, you come on down here, man. I'll let you use Mc color then I'll let you use the fro.


Whatever you wanna use. You Gotta color it. Yeah. Huh? Where you been at, man? Oh, big. Oh, big. Oh. Big ball. Old shock caller. But It, it, but it's old stuff, man. I just don't, I don't, I don't, I'm not at the forefront of anything ever. I have to be going somewhere to pull something out. So tomorrow I'm going somewhere. Oh. And I'm finna step, I mean, with they kids you don't like to pull out. I know that. Right. So it ain't often Exclusive sound.


Can you guys, that was a good boy. Wish me a happy, can you wish a happy birthday to my bro? Ollie a Ravens fan. We went to the game for his birthday. He's your biggest fan in Canada and Toronto. Much love. That was a goal. Ollie. WA nosy. How you say that? Exclusive with Zi. With Zi Ali, with Zi. Happy birthday. Sorry. The Ravens couldn't pull it off. Being a a, a Ravens fan. And you're in, in Toronto. So close to Buffalo. But bro, Ocho and I Nightcap wanna wish you a happy birthday.


Happy birthday. Why? And thank you for your support. Jaqui Jordan, uncle Ocho, you're my biggest role models and I appreciate all the wisdom you give us. What's the best way to start a clothing company? You sure you wanna do that? It's very, very, very, very expensive. Yeah. Very expensive. Very expensive. And there's a lot that goes into it.


There's a lot of upfront costs. There's a lot of of cost, you know, to build the site. It's not an easy process, bro. I could think of better ways to probably make some money, but my first choice was wouldn't be starting a clothing line. That's just me. And probably if we had, if I had to do it over again, Do it Ocho, I probably would do it. Nah, we gotta do it.


Malik All Gancho. My 30th birthday at midnight. Any advice? Love y'all. Go Raiders. Yes. Make it to 31 and shake the covers. Oh, you gotta shake the cover. Oh no, it's already dark, man. It's already off. You gotta shake the covers. Full dark. Oh, you But happy Birthday, Malik. Oh yeah, it's, hold on. I'm trying to think. Hell, I can't, oh, I remember when I was 30. Good time mojo. Good time, good time. Got me a birthday cake. Yeah. As a matter of fact, I had the most unique birth 30th birthday ever.


What Happened? Well, I got a birthday cake and a Bible. I don't know if that's a combination. I don't know what he trying to say. I ain't never heard that kind of combination before. I ain't never heard it either. But you know, Hey, you know I had to a lot of times when I was younger, I you, I had to put the Bible in the drawer. I want God to see this. You know? I said, slide it in the drawer. That's a good one. I'll never forget it. Yes. I got a Bible. That's a good one. I still got that Bible. The same one. Same Bible. My sister take it to church every Sunday. Ah, that's dope.


Tj. TJ Witter. Sir. Uncle, no Cho. Longtime fan of Nightcap. My birthday is on the eighth was on the 18th. But instead of a shout out to me, could you shout out my amazing parents, Ava and Patrick, they're my biggest inspiration. Absolutely. Miss Ava, Patrick son, tj. Wanted to shout you guys out. Say you're his biggest inspiration at saying something. Oh yeah. Anytime parents can be the kid's source of inspiration. That's a great, that ain't a good thing. That's a great thing. So shout out to Ava and Patrick. Great job. That concludes this episode of Nightcap.


Thank you guys for joining us. Please, y'all make sure y'all hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed. Wanna thank you? You can see right there. Nightcap now is officially sponsored by Boost Mobile and we're in the Boost Mobile Studio. Thank you guys for your support. We couldn't do it without you. And make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


Make sure you check out Shay by La Portier. We do have it in stock now. If you can't find it, any city or state near you, in order for you to celebrate, just order it. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please, please drink responsibly. Please go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's she Shea Media. Make sure you subscribe to the Humble Baddies YouTube, YouTube page and check out their first live episode. They had that tonight. Sherelle and her crew. It was awesome. Ocho, you went to the the red carpet, which was great. My clothing company 84. 84 being spelled out, releases just dropped last month.


We have shirts, sweats, beanies, and coozies and mugs. Quantities are limited. So please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans for our very first spring tour. Stop. Not our first tour stop, but it's our first spring tour. Stop on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. The VIP meet and greet. Tickets are offic, unfortunately officially sold out, but there are still many tickets left to attend the big show in New Orleans, February the sixth at the Mahalia Jackson Theater. Plenty of big guests and we look forward to announcing some of those guests next week. Both Nightcap and Club Shehe are both nominated for NAACP Image Award.


Nightcap was nominated for outstanding podcast, art, sports, and Entertainment Club Club. Shehe was nominated for outstanding Podcast Society and Culture. Please make sure you go vote for your Uncle Ocho. Yeah, and myself for Club Shehe. The link is pinned at the top, is pinned in our social bios. Again, thank you. Boost for believing us. We greatly, greatly appreciate it. We look forward, forward to being glad you're out of ammunition. Glad you believed in us. And so now officially OCHO Nightcap presented by Boost Mobile. Thank you guys for joining us. Thank you. Boost. Look to talking to you soon.


I'm Unc, he's ocho. We out. We see y'all tomorrow. The Volume,


Whether You're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


The new year means new health goals, not just for your body, but your finances too. But did you know financial health is directly related to identity protection? You need LifeLock because your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package, in fact, restoration is guaranteed. Or your subscription money back don't face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve To make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/iheart and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/iheart terms apply.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected, and each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It Can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine odu. ODU has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's Odoo dot com.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase, Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank and NA Member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chason Company.