
You know that feeling when you walk into your home? Take a deep breath, ah, and feel new. Well, that's what it's like to use Clorox sativa because Clorox sativa smells like coconut, cleans like Clorox, and feels like energy. It'll elevate any cleaning routine to not just clean, but also make every room smell like a tropical coconut getaway. Discover how Clorox TVA's powerful, clean, and refreshing scents can transform your space. Get yours in coconut or other fabulous scents at a nearby retail store.


They Say every dog has its day, but when you're Lulu and your parents drive a Camry, every day is your day. The roomy rear seat is the perfect whoa. Is that the dog park? Backseat besties. It's a Camry vibe. The all new, all hybrid Camry. Toyota, let's go places.


Be love with every heartbeat and every piece of Pandora jewelry. Let love shine on your favorite bracelets, necklaces, earrings, and rings, or create a style that's all your own with a unique mix of lovingly crafted charms from big feelings to small messages and everything in between. Love is at the heart of it all. Be love. Shop Pandora jewelry today. Find a store near you or shop online@pandora.net.


Stay farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and you of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network.


It's time for today's Lucky Land horoscope with Victoria Cash. Life's gotten mundane, so shake up the daily routine and be adventurous With a trip to Lucky Land, you know what they say? Your chance to win starts with a spin. So go to lucky land slots.com to play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Get lucky today@luckylandsslots.com. No purchase necessary. BGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply


The Volume,


The 82 game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at Draftking Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the play in tournament through the finals. Draft King Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the Draft King Sports book app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon, only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. See dkg.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


But hey, but we're not done yet. Oh, Joe, we're not. We got who we got. Oh, oh, oh. We Hey there. Yeah. What's up? Oh, hey. Look at all the look, look at the be the beautiful people We got. We got the world record. Silver Meow Win four by four mixed relay. Vernon Norwood, Bryce Deadman, Kaylin Brown and Samir Little. Hey guys, how y'all doing? How are you? We're doing amazing. Thank you. Okay, burn. I'm gonna start with you as the elder station going qualifying, I mean you run that blistering time. I mean, there's only one crowd. You hear me? So tell me what y'all Yeah, I hear you bro.


You got up? Yeah, I got, I'm a little new to this. We got you Vern. I'm gonna start with you. You the elder statesman here. Going into that, did you guys think you could set the world record in qualifying or what was your strategy going in o obviously you wanna qualify, but did you think world record was a possibility? Hundred percent. We already talked about it like before, once we saw the lineup and the talent that we had, we was like, oh yeah, we world record gone because we knew world record was gonna win the race anyway. So we like, we just gonna go out there and do our thing. I mean, from me starting it off, getting it to Shamir, to Bryce, to k kk, I mean, I already knew World record was gone.


So, and then we heard y'all comment about, you know, y'all coming out with this C Yeah, They coming out there, they coming out that easy. Look, look, look soon we Crossed the line. I said, oh yeah, I'm, I'm out. Hit him up right now. Tell that boy my Mama today, SHAIR, you had one of the outstanding games. You run mid, you might run 40, 40, 49 throughout and both of the mixed relays and then you come back and you qualify, you run 49 and they thought so much of you, they put you on the team that actually has the American record and was just a couple of tenths off the world record. What did that mean to you?


I know you were disappointed that you didn't make it into 400 hurdles, but you still got an opportunity. You won a silver medal and a gold medal. What was your thought process going to Paris? My thought process was kind of just like, I don't wanna give nobody any reason to feel like or say that I didn't deserve to be there. Like I didn't have the race or the meat that I wanted, like from the outside looking in. But to me, like I put on a, a good meat, it's just the numbers that I put up was really good. It's just some people had a better day than me so I just kinda, you know, shook that off and moved forward and I felt like going into Paris it was just like, oh, you know, we gotta advance the team.


And I'm just thinking in the back of my head, no, I'm advancing myself. Like I need to make it to every single round and I'm gonna run my butt off. So it was just like every round I was going into it, I was just like, ain't no, ain't no such thing. Ain't no holding back. Like I have to qualify and I have to make it as far as I can. Was it a situation you were thinking that I don't want to give them any reason to put someone else on this relay team and and miss this opportunity? 'cause I think at the end of the day, everybody wants to run the final. We know that we have a couple of times, sometimes we have a couple of people that run qualifying rounds and they're gonna get gold medals. But when that American record, when they look at that, that's gonna say Sidney McLaughlin, that's gonna say Shaira little, that's gonna say X, Y and Z.


You know, Holmes, that's what it's gonna say. Yeah. Dang. I'm just like, it's so much depth in the 400 hurdle. I mean the four, it's so much depth in the 400 so you feel, you know, anything is liable to happen. And I felt like, you know, even if I did run 40 line, 49 low, just how it was gonna play out, I may or may not be on the relay. So I kind of was just like, of course it was like that thought process of thinking like, what if they put somebody else and then it was shoot. Like what if they don't like it's gonna be me. Yeah, yeah. That What's up Bryce? Bryce Shair has the baton to you and you take off, you like, man, we got this in the, I mean we got this in the bag, or you like, hell no, we going for this.


I mean, shoot, whenever I get the baton, I'm just all gas. I mean they took that, I mean they, they, they told us before we went into the race, it was gonna take a world record to win it. I mean shooting, I just took off and did what I needed to do or, or do what I had to do. Once I get the stick in my head, I don't be thinking world record or halfass, I'm running. I'm just going, I kind of just like late let let my instincts take over and and get the baton to the next person, which was Kaylyn and she did her thing too. Ojo. Listen, not only do we get the world record right, so I I just have a question. I mean, when it comes to the four by four we often see fierce competition and in any sport there that there is, I mean, are there any team that you guys are rivals with and was there any any banter or trash talk before the race that actually prepare you guys to actually go and get this world record?


Or was it just, is it always quiet on your end when it comes to the four by four? For me, no, but I don't need for, Well kind of, kind of, kind of kind of for everybody. I'm not sure if the, if you guys had that kind of banter with other teams, And, if you, if there is a rival at all. No, I Right, okay. The world record, but it was going into the prelims. It wasn't something that we was thinking about. It was just our chemistry was good. And, we was just focused on just executing so that the baton never slowed down. Right. And so when KK came through and I, I'm looking at the time last 15 meters Vernon, like that's a world record.


And I'm looking, I'm like, oh goodness. And then she crossed and I was like, oh yeah. Now Vernon was thinking about, oh man, oh, saying he got that red, got that world record. I Matter of fact, you know what I, I'm, I'm curious, is trash talk and track, is that frowned upon? I mean you can, You gotta save your energy, I feel like. Yeah, it used to be a thing. I hear stories of like back in the day, like people used to talk like the jumpers or whatever. I think now, right? It's just more kind like let the, let let what you're doing on the track speak for itself. Like I don't have all that energy to be going back and forth with somebody.


Like In high school, y'all know, y'all talk shair. I in high school, I know we talk, oh, y'all not fitting to win this one. Who can? Ain't nobody winning this. Not, not with, not with Sharp in here. Y'all ain't winning. Some people definitely be talking for sure. Some people for sure be talking, especially before the races or leading up to the races. I mean, but everyone is different. Some people talk, some people don't. Some people be in they own zones. Some people love talking, going into a race in the little heat up area. It, it, it really just all depends. Yeah. Caitlin, lemme ask you a question. In the last you didn't, obviously you won, you got the world record, you didn't win, you didn't win the gold medal.


Is there anything you could have done differently to help this outcome not be what it was? What, what do you wish you could have done differently? Nothing. Honestly. I went out there and I ran my best and even in the finals I ran faster than the prelims. So I feel like every time I step out on the track, I just give it my all. And I feel like it played out perfectly whether we won silver to go silver or gold, we just, we did it. We, You know, a lot of times, a lot of times guys we see like shair, like let's just say you run against, obviously you're not in a, a fast heat in the hurdles you gonna run just fast enough to qualify, you know, to win the race and save some of that energy.


I know Vernon, you and Bryce, y'all do that a lot in the 400 meters. You are try, you are not trying to go out there and run 43 every race, you know, qualifying semi-finals and then drop another 43 at the, in the finals. So you're trying to conserve some of the energy. Was that ever a thought process? Like, man we got a 30 minute lead, let's back this down some and save for tomorrow. No, for, oh my bad. Honestly, I think, I think it just, we just went off the vibe, like the energy in that stadium was like electrifying. So we were just like, we was just running at that point. Like we weren't, honestly, we weren't really thinking about the war record in that moment. We knew eventually it's going to happen because that's what it's gonna take to win. But throughout the race we were just running and I'm looking at KK running, I'm like, oh man, we might break the war record right now.


'cause I got the stick. I ended up, I'm watching the whole race. I'm like, damn, we actually sliding right now. And I'm looking at the clock, I'm looking at the time, I'm like, damn, we might get a world record then. I said, oh, world Record gone. So we like in the, in the process you like we just running and you don't really feel like you gassing it that much in there afterwards. You know, you gotta do it again the next day. But that's what we trained for though. So Guys, did y'all know Bryce that when he got back to his room, he DMed me about Unc running me my money? Oh Yes. That man d that man DM me, Bryce.


That what I'm telling Bryce Roommate you. No, You yeah, I know. Bring me. Look, I Heard y'all was talking about it one time on the show. I was like, man, hold up now. Let me see them boys come to their world. I'm like them boys from around the waist. So I literal gonna come through. And then y'all actually came down. I was like, Danny, y'all some real ones man for I preach it And then there's a mutual friend. He hit up a mutual friend and said, man, I'm trying to get a uncle. I don't know if he gonna see my dm. Y'all. Hey, it's all love. Hey y'all good in y'all come down in Bat Rouge. I got y'all Man. No guys, we just, I wanna show you guys some love the crew at Nightcap here.


Myself and Ocho Yeah. And all of our subscribers and listeners and followers. Man, we wanted to show you guys that we really appreciate. Thank what you do. The hard work, the sacrifices, the time away from your family, the times that you don't feel like training, that you go out there and you push yourself. Yeah. Farther than you ever thought you could. And so for us at Nightcap, it was an e it was easy because to run a world record, that means everybody contributed. Everybody did their part. And, we wanted here at Nightcap wanted to say thank you. Yeah. Not only, not only for your effort, but for what you've given before that race. Because the race is the easy part. The hard part is the training up to the race.


And so from us, from the bottom of our heart here at Nightcap, thank each and every one of you, every Last one of you makes, make, make sure y'all get some McDonald's with that money Now McDonald's Man burner the way burner hit me or burner money. Oh Nah, Him, Nah, I ain't, I ain't rocking like that man. I'm chilling. I'm chilling, I'm chilling. I'm chilling man. So is anybody's season continue. Shamir, Bryce, Caitlin Verne, is anybody going to the, I think there are a couple of Diamond League meets left. Is anybody's season going to continue or are you gonna shut it down and start gearing up for, is anybody gonna do indoor or everybody just waiting to do the world's next year in September?


I actually leave tomorrow, so I'm like in between packing and getting ready and I'm gonna be over there for like a month. I gotta, I'm finishing off in ooh, the corner. So I'm going back to the 400 hurdles and I'm gonna do a couple of Diamond League meets leading up and do the final. Okay, so we almost there. It's the, the, the third half of the season finding Straight. I'm, I'm, I'm on the, I'm hitting the road. Monday we going to Lason. So I'm gonna finish out the, the season with the Diamond League meets. 'cause I just like competing and I'm a little bit behind on my racing. So I'm still trying to chase some things I need to accomplish for this year. So you definitely gonna see me on the road. Okay. He's trying to go first too. I like it. Come On now. Come on now I come On now.


I'm not in no do league right now. I leave for, for a meet in Berlin and another meet in, in Switzerland next week. So I'll be doing that. And same as Veon. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm trying to chase before this season end and wrap some stuff up for Yo upcoming Next year We Got Kay. I think you're still in school, right? I have a whole collegiate season again. I'm gonna get you out here and here on this. You said I wa watching you at the, at the, the US trials and you run the four and, and and the, the hurdles.


And I thought, I was like, damn, she ran good. So she's ready. Why did you cont why did you continue to run the 400 knowing that you had the 400 hurdles and it was gonna probably be difficult given the field. Why, why did, why, why not just 1, 1, 1 run, one race and shut it down knowing that like, I'm fit, I'm ready, I'm good. I mean I came in there and I was like, you know, I just wanna run one race and then I ran so well just considering kind of how my season was going leading up to that. And I just had a moment with my coach. I'm excited. He came to me, he like, we could go out away. And I was like, I think like, yeah, like we could go out away. Like he believes that I'm one of the best 400 hurdle, 400 runners in the world.


I believe I'm one of the best 400 runners in the world. You're I'm shoot. So it's just like, yes. Why not And? we just went for it. Wow. That's man. Yeah. Again, Verne, you're gonna stay with us. Shair, Bryce. Kay, thank you so much. We're proud of you here at Nightcap. Continued success in your season. You got another month? Shamir Bryce, you got a couple of meat? Okay, go join. Hey take some time off. 'cause the collegiate season is long and then you got the trials and then you got the world. So you gonna need, you need some rest niece. So take some time off. Enjoy that. Hey, I know you hadn't spent your money like Burn has because I know Burn pocket man that money put a hole in Burn pocket.


Hey man. Hey look, So I like guys, congratulations. We're proud of you here. As I said guys, continue success. We'll see you down the road again next year. Maybe we know I'm gonna go out and solicit some sponsors to help me foot this bill next time. Y'all Gotta pull up to too, y'all for sure. Gotta up to some huh? You know what? We'll I'll tell you what we'll do. We'll come to the trial. Yeah, That's We'll come to, we'll come to New York, York House. Wait, wait, wait, wait. What that at Eugene? What? York? It's in Eugene. It's gonna be in Eugene. Oh, spirit. Spirit go out there. Not I Southwest south west out there though.


Southwest do The Texas. Oh okay. When is the Texas relays? Texas Relays is in like March. We got long come down to the Baton Rouge though. I can't promise you about the Texas relays. I can't promise you that one. And what's the one that they run at the beginning of the year and the pen relays? I can't pro I like them. I wanna go to the pen. I can't promise you that, but I promise you we'll be at the usa. Okay, Good. We'll see y'all. I I we'll, we'll we'll do that. And you don't, I don't know. Me and Ocho we might have cash out there this time to see for that cash to Running on the table out here.


Y'all doing it? I got Hey y'all boys doing it man. Alright guys. Congratulations. You gonna stay? I'm chilling. Shame Kay. Thank you so much. Continued success And. We'll see you guys down the road. Thank you. Bye. Good one. Alright. Goodbye. Wait, how I get out? What's up man? Burn. Okay, you gonna run? You ran the second leg. I use the bathroom on. Go ahead. Go ahead. I got it. Burn. You gonna run second leg? Okay. You get Bailey leaves this thing off. Now you know Bo Botswana and you know who they got on anchor so I don't even go.


So, and you know the Botswana's they normally bring, I think they had a 400 meter run. Mawa? Yeah, Quala qua og. Yeah. Yeah. So I I, I'm very familiar with Botswana, the Bahamian teams with Chris Brown. They normally bring a contingent. So there are certain teams that you, when they're in the race, you know you better be on your best behavior. So Bailey comes out in 40 and in 44 and 44 5 you get the baton. Tell me what's going through your mind because he's a little be, he's a little behind the Botswanan kid. Well, leading up to that race, you know me and RA was talking about it, about like, you know, we knew Basso was gonna give us a good chase because we was in the back, I don't know if you know this Toboo was League big kept witching.


So In my head I'm like okay, I gotta run today. 'cause I got Toboo and I got the silver medals. Matt Huston Smith shout out to him. So I'm like, oh yeah I gotta running day. And I'm just telling Chris, just gimme everything you got. I'm gonna do my job, I'm gonna do my part. And I already had it on my mind from the day before when we qualified it was, they thought things was just sweet 'cause he was like, oh we badly got through. I'm like, tomorrow will be a different day. Right? I know Chris get the stick. I'm on second leg, second leg, normally not my leg. I'm usually like a first or a third guy preferably. But I can run any leg man. I get the stick man. I know Matt go do his thing. I say, all right, I'm gonna just run my race And. we know I coming off by about two 50, get to about one 20. I start kicking and that's when I'm like, I give out the stick to Bryce.


Bryce do his thing. I say, oh yeah now we got a race. Now we got race. Now we got a race. That's probably one of the most electrifying races. I've been a part of that four by four. It was because you know I go back a little farther than you, right? I got kids your age verse. So I go back a look. There haven't been very many 400 meter mens that's come down. I think in 2016, maybe 16 I think Chris Brown ran Angelo Taylor down And. we ended up getting a silver medal in that. But for the most part, if we don't drop the A stick, ain't nobody beating our four 4 million 'cause we dominate the 400. Although we haven't won the open 400 in a very long time. You gotta go back to oh eight Quincy Hall one in 2024.


But you gotta go all the way back to oh eight. And so now when Bryan takes off and he gives that stick, Tory, we had Ry on and just Ry and it's to Bogo, Hey what's going, what's going through your, what's going through your head? Like respectfully. I'm like, Toboo gonna die. He going against Captain America. I said Toboo go die. Like I had some feeling that he was going die off at some point because it might look like they was gliding, but they really was going strive for Stride and know to Bogo got 19 speed rocker run 19 people on two two as well. So I'm thinking about when to Bogo gets to about three 20, he gonna start dying off. But I'm still seeing to Bogo still stuck on him.


So if you see you watching my hands, my fist balled up tight standing there like, come on Rock, come on rah. I'm like, I'm tight, I'm, I'm tight. Say I'm like, come on, come on. And I saw him get to about 20 meters. I said, oh no, no, no, no. He crossed the line and said, oh thank God. I'm like, hell yeah I just ran Tom. I don't know what I did but I just did something. I just threw my hand and I just glided towards him. But he held it down for us man, shout out to Rod. 'cause that was a big task for him to do. 'cause he came from winning his Olympic event and coming in holding it down for us because we was a bit shorthanded. You know Quincy Hall? Yeah. Because Quincy, Quincy was dealing with a little, little, little spasm in his hamstring. But Forry Andry, RYS never run that fast in his life.


But he had to. I thought when Ry got the stick and to Bogo, I thought he was gonna put him under pressure right away. I thought he was gonna try to shoot past him. But Ry said, because he got out the first a hundred BOGO to Bogo tried to just pace it Because they, you look at it, it was going strive for stride. Strive for stride. And I think Rod IQ was so on point that day. 'cause he knew what tobo he respect to Bogo talent and to Bogo respect his talent as well to Bogo would've been the mad man. He could just shoot off like that. If there was somebody else to Bogo probably would went for it. Yeah, Exactly. I felt like that was somebody else. He probably just, they they just gotta sink or swim. But throughout that race, man, I'm watching it man.


I'm telling you I was tight on that side. I'm like, come on, come on. Because you know Botswana, they dangerous. We knew coming in it was going to either be Botswana and Great Britain giving us a good chase because they looked at us like a little shorthanded because our, a few of our top guys went down. But that, just to show you how much depth that we have in that event in the four Oh because you look at it like last year me and Bryce Mond was doing the opening at World Budapest and this year we doing the relays. Yeah. So each year you get a Different That's how much debt. Yeah, That's how much depth we got. And. we still got guys in the cut that's coming out. That's gonna be back next year. Full help. You know, with Michael, chairman with London, all those type of guys coming back at full health. So we got so much depth going to next year and like we almost supposed throw a record in the event.


Yeah, but that's the, that's that's what's so amazing. But we was talking about last year. You like that was a record gone record gone. That's what, that's what why I was talking about last year at at Worlds and booty piss. And I'm like, but the thing is we gotta put the right legs together because like I said, I preferably could do first or third. I could give you 43 out the hole. I could give you 43 on third, second leg, just that leg. Just at that moment. We needed a second leg. RA could ran second but he needed, he needed to be on anchor on. I told him he Needs To be anchor, got anchor. Like nobody could do the job but you today like, like you know what I'm saying? And he understood the assignment. Grade a Bernie did.


Bernie, do you know this? This is the first time somebody other than Americans had run sub 2 56. Boy slide. Shout out to shout out to Wan. Boy Boy Slide And Great Britain Great Britain ran 2 55. Yeah. Because prior to, prior to that race, no other team other than American had gone sub 2 56. I'm talking about the 2 56 that they ran in Mexico City in 1968. So you got two people, two teams other than America go sub 2 56. Yeah. And I think next year might be a little bit faster 'cause you gonna get other teams back at they full strength. Like we might get Jamaica back in the mix. They can't see y'all. I know they, they probably won't. But I'm just saying you gonna get more comp back in the mix where it can boost the level of competition.


But Botswana gonna be definitely the team we have to watch out for. 'cause them boys gonna get better


Every day. When you log into chumba casino.com, the ultimate online social casino, you get a free daily bonus. Imagine if you got daily bonuses in other parts of your life. I Chose french fries, overloaded french fries. I asked Stewart from accounting about his weekend. Even though I don't care, I updated my operating system without having to call tech support. Collect Your free daily bonus@jumbocasino.com now and live the Jumbo life BTW group necessary prohibited by terms and conditions. 18 plus


ODU is business management made so simple, a kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But odu funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use Ooo because they save you money. ODU makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@ooo.com. That's OD o.com. Good job.


Thanks.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


Want to teach your kids financial literacy but not sure where to start. Greenlight can help with Greenlight. Parents can keep an eye on kids spending and saving while kids and teens use a card of their own to build money. Confidence. As a parent, you can send instant money transfers, set up chores, automate allowance and more. It's a convenient way to run your household, customized to your family's needs. And the easy way to raise financially smart kids. Get started with Greenlight today and get your first month free at greenlight.com/iheart.


Dearest listener, allow me to unveil a delightful secret snag tights, craft clothing that embraces everybody shape in a bold endeavor to revolutionize the fashion realm. Snag has triumphed permit me to draw your attention to the ingenious Chubb rub shorts crafted with moisture wicking yarn promising to keep you at least one degree cooler and utterly free from the discomfort of chafing free shipping on select orders. Thus, the more you snag, the more you save. Do not delay. Dear listener. Experience the fashion revolution that is snag and visit Snag Heights us today.


But here's the thing, would you Ry let's see quick with all our guys, if y'all run y'all, y'all might can go to sub 2 54. Man, we, which is crack, which if you go sub 2 54, listen, just like that, 1993 what Michael Johnson and Butch Reynolds and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and Quincy Watson, Andrew Baldman, what they ran in 93 is Stut. Oh, this thing might, it might stand for 30 years I think. Sure of everybody at full help. And they, and, and Mike Marsh and Michelle Freeman put together the right pieces in the right order that Don, because it was gone with with what we had. And I think that was a great team that Mike Marsh and Michelle put together. So shout out to them.


So they put together a good team in, put us in position to win And. we walked away with Olympic record gold. So we knew what's at stake even for the women. That women's record definitely gone next year. Yeah. Oh. And both of the four by four records, World records gone next year. But here's the thing, y'all ran that with push. They had a 30 minute lead. If they'd have had any push that rec, hey, they going sub three 15, they might be sub demo ran 47 71 with no push. Alexa Holmes, she had a a 30 meter lead and she runs sub 49. And the, and the unique thing about that relay, they only had one 400 meter girl on them. Sydney four Oh her Shair four Ohla and Gabby is a sprinter.


Yes. So That, that just show you how much like talent unique to us. A I mean we, we a cheat code man. But it, it's, it's nice to see that too though the dynamic and the difference of how they can mix up these relays. And we could still go out there and dominate like Seriously. Oh, dominate, you know, bro, you watch this thing from a distance you watch and Kendall Ellis, she won the trials and you know, she tweeted that she was told that she was gonna run and then bef in the warmup room in about four minutes before the race. She's not on the relay team. What I mean as a, as a, as a runner, as a competitor. Can you understand, can you empathize with what she's going through, Man? I know she's probably feeling, you know, definitely a type of way how that went down.


Because at the end of the day, you know, I, I'm not sure about how much went into that situation and the communication that led up to that. But you know, me personally, if that, I mean, I would definitely feel some type of weight, you know, because I didn't get the opportunity to at least run on the, on the, on the prelim round. So for me not to run at all, definitely missing out on the medal and all that stuff. So I would definitely feel a bit gutted, but also at the same time to put in perspective like, you know, they wanna go out there and put the best people out there in this best situation versus whatever you do. But I mean, shit, You can't complain with the results. I mean you gotta, you gotta fast the fastest time by American women in the history.


Yeah, but I mean with no thing mo with no ab Steiner with no Wilson, you know a thing Mo can go sub 49. Yeah. I Ab Steiner can go sub 49. Yeah. Wilson can go sub 49. Yeah. In that situation, no, I saw. I'm just like, dang, like, you know, it just one of those situations where I think it was just some miscommunication that this wasn't, you know, transpired in between, you know, the coach and the athlete. I'm not sure too much what went on. I don't, I'm not too familiar on that situation. But for me, I would feel very gutted for it just because if that happened that way and I not know, and then boom, you change it up on me like that instead of just you beginning, oh, you might not run, you might run whoop the woo.


Okay, I'm gonna still be a professional and be like, all right, I'm gonna prepare myself to run. If I don't run fine, good luck to everybody out there. I'm still be a, you know, a team player. Understand, because I've been on multiple teams and I've been on, you know, relays where I just only ran the prelim and not the final. And they put the people out there and I'm like, cool. I'm still, still like, get my medal, still get the, I'm gonna get that medal. I'm, I still world champ, I'm gonna call it a day. So that's just my mindset of it, you know, being a professional. But sometimes everybody want that shine. And then like, like to be honest, like I've been on what, seven, eight teams this year and last year was the first two times I ran on the final for the football. Wow. That just show you the depth. But at the end of the day, I never complained, just waited my turn right.


Did my thing and I showed out. Showed out. But you got a bunch of gold medals to show for. It Showed out and I showed out every time I get on track and I tell people like, man, yeah, once I get the opportunity it's over with. And unfortunately I didn't get the individual this year. This wasn't ready on that day I guess. But I still running phenomenal time. I'm still going at it right now. So next year, hopefully, you know the goal always to get the individual spot, but Right. The relay's fun man. The relays, you could get cracking on the relay. I be telling people like man yeah, kind of downplay the relays. The relays really get it. Like yeah. Relay have some fun on the relays, man. Hey we, you know, when, when it comes to the relays, right? And, we think about the pressures, obviously you guys in Paris, who's the person who's the personality that keeps everybody calm?


Me. It it, there has to be somebody, you know, every, every NFL team has a guy that, that is game day. But he keeps everybody loose. Know, he keeps people laughing where it's not so tense. Who, who's the personality on, on, on the relay team or just the track team in general that keeps things kind of even keel? Probably me. 'cause like, I'm never serious. Like I'm never mad. I, I'm probably one of the most, like I talk to everybody. Like, I just, just like, just to keep my nerves, to keep everything right. So yeah, I just be talking a little smack to like, even like when I was telling Matt, I said, you on second leg, I'm doing this to him, like telling him put his seatbelt on. Like we doing all this stuff towards each other. Right, right, Right.


You know, and you know, me and Ry and all those other guys, we been around each other. All we know we was roommates. So we just in the room vibing, chilling. We just like, man, this is the fun part. We about to go out there and have fun. There's no pressure besides the fact that we gotta come away with gold. We, we understand that pressure being from USA automatic Right. Go with the bus. And so there's us going out there just on some chill stuff. You know, I'm keeping everybody laughing. We got, we made a bunch of videos, a bunch of fun stuff. I'm talking about like hanging out on the balcony like, you know, we doing our thing man. So I did my best job trying to just make sure everybody's just having a good time and making the most memories at the Olympics games and shit. So we, we had a good time man. So, you know, you got some crazy stories man.


We, we, we, we had a, we had a crazy time out there dog, Vern, you know, you had uncharted territories. Nobody has been able to run. Michael Johnson won the Olympic gold in Sydney at 33 and I think he won the world championship the following year at 33 and a half. Maybe 34. You're 32 years of age and probably by the time the world roll around next year you gonna be 33. Amen. Bro. You know, you, you, you had you, you, you in uncharted territory bro. Hey Man, I gotta give a lot of credit to my coach Dennis Shaver. Like he developed me right into the athlete that I am like every year is every year. These last couple years I've been improving so much and I don't know like exactly how I do know how, but like me just progressing and developing to the four room I am each year I'm getting faster and the faster and faster.


So everybody looking at me like, like one of my boys chair, he was like damn you giving me hope. I'm 32, about to be 33 next year and I'm still out here running elite time. So, you know, who knows what'll happen next year. I'm taking each year, year to year, you know? Right. And hopefully we make it the 28th. We don't, Hey, I had a hell of a run. I had a hell of a run. Isn't he? He was your coach at LSU, correct. Still my coach, yes sir. Okay. He's still there with me. So we still, you know, we still learning as we go. We still developing and you know, he did a great job with me. So And, we still working towards everything we doing and you know, I've just been consistent with staying in, in my realm and doing what I do every single day.


Being consistent that, that's kind of carried me to how I am at this age now. 'cause a lot of guys look at me like, damn you 30 some people didn't, some people didn't know I was 32 and took trials when I'm racing against little Quincy some I was like, I'm looking on TikTok. Somebody say damn he racist a dinosaur. I said, oh man, I, I want through my phone out the house. I said all like that they called me a dinosaur compared to little Quincy but nobody knew I was 32. But they was like, people thought I was like 26, 27 because you know I'm running well yeah moving well. Right. I was like man, you know this age thing ain't nothing but nothing. It's how you feel. You know, because look, You Hitting that eye at that Age. Yeah. You see it. Yeah. Yeah. You know this for OCHO because OCHO challenged me to a, to a competition.


So I gotta get right for Ocho man. See Look, because see I had my ball, everybody was like dang losing the hair. I say nah man, I'm ball about touch, I could still grow help. I talk about that. He talking, he grow out. I could do the same Ocho Ocho, he can't grow no hair. I mean Vern, he can't grow no hair. I just say I rn you burn. As I start, as I started to get older, I started to get injured. Yeah. Because I was trying to run with the same intensity and the same Volume and I, my body couldn't handle it. Yeah. Right. And I couldn't understand until I got with A-A-A-A-A track guy and he said as you start to age you can't run the same Volume and the same intensity.


Yeah. You can't do 2200 meter sprints at 30 seconds. You can't do 25 1 tens at 16 seconds. You just can't Shannon. Yeah. So you're gonna have to back it down less Volume, same intensity as you start to age. What has been the difference in your training? Well the training kind of has been the same. It's just more of my preparation leading up to training. Okay. Right. I'm seeing my chiropractor, Dr. John, like mostly some on it just to get my body moving. Well it's the preparation that leads me to training to get my body moving. And then once I'm winding down after training the cool down is how I'm setting my body up to get ready for the next day. So it's, I take my preparation and my cool down very, very, very seriously to keep, get my body to to to move the way and move.


'cause I have to do the exact same thing the next day. Right. And I think how the athletes have to start understanding, you know as you get older you don't really have to do as much but you need to do just enough but also find that tuning where it's like you need to keep your body moving well so you gotta make sure your hips right back. Right. All that type of stuff. So I'm doing more, I'm taking more emphasis on my preparation and my ending for as what I'm cooling down to help my body get ready for the next day. Because it's all about recovery at the end of the day. So if you recover well and you can get back to a hundred percent and go again the next day, oh man you in great business but you gotta have right team and right. Understanding how your body is. 'cause everybody's body is different. Like, you know, some people could go out there and crank, go crazy in training but you know, the next day how can they respond you see?


Yeah. And that was the thing though Verne That's what, that's what, that's what was happening. Yeah. Yeah. I could do it but it had taken so much out of me now my next trainings session was suffering and that, so I wasn't, and then you know, you try to push through it and next thing you know I, my hamstring tweak, I've tweaked the groin and my, my abuc and I'm, I'm just sore. Yeah. Because I had put so much stress on my body because in my head I'm not gonna be the same person if I don't come through it these times with the same level of consistency. So Verne what's your weight? What's your, what's your peak condition weight Right now I'm using like 1 65, that's my race weight 1 65. So I usually bounce between 1 65 and one 70.


Okay. I don't ever get over one 70. Like sometimes when I come in the fall training my coach want me to be at least close to my race weight to like just to go through training a little bit more easier than most. 'cause some people go in the, because you go in the fall training, obviously you've been party, you've been doing your thing so you going a little bit heavy but at the same time you start hitting the Workout gonna hurt man A little. That actic hit quicker on that second, that third round. So you like hold on now. Yeah, you start holding it. So like most times, you know that's when I like you, you double working, you trying to lose weight, you ain't trying to get fit at the same time try to come in like at least be close to your race weight 'cause you're going to gain a little bit weight from the weight training 'cause you do a lot of Volume in the weight room. But everybody got a different philosophy 'cause see I'm naturally slim lean.


Yes. Right. So I'm never gonna get over 1 72 so I could always just get into fall training but you know, but everybody have a different set. But you know training for that four oh is different. Like, like people was like when I ran the four three, the, the semi I found around the football folks, somebody was like dang you got enough left. I said I'm gonna show you. I trying to actually go faster today. You know what I'm saying? So that fall training is different man. You gotta really prepare yourself and your body because you know it's going to hurt that first month. Like, you know people like, oh you know you gonna feel sore. I don't even get mass massaged like that first two months. 'cause I, I'm like that soreness ain't going. I massaging gonna help that soreness. I gotta grind that out. Right. And you know you just gotta take care of that body man.


You gotta take care of that body. You know what I'm saying? You gotta have them resources so you know. But I usually be between one like right now 1 65 I'm drinking by the gallon water day beat juice. I'm on it all man. You ain't but you ain't eating no McDonald's are You? Oh no, no, no, no, no. You hear that Ocho? Hey man I ain't gonna lie. I know when I go to Europe, I dunno why now Look I go to Europe. I get that McDonald's in Europe though. You see? You see what I'm talking about. You see, you heard Look, you heard you see it's a desperate night. The food ain't really cracking on nothing. I'm gonna hit that McDonald's man. Desperate ocho desperate. I ain't training ain't McDonald on no regular ocho Ocho. See that's what I'm talking about. See you ain't hear what he said. He understands his body. He knows what works for his body.


Hey Ocho. So I'm talking about for my body Ocho it works well Look, they call me vitro 'cause we both bald. Right. I ain't ain't getting that McDonald's man. I ain't getting that McDonald's like that. But everybody Different. It's, it's hard. Hey you Go out there eat McDonald's for a week straight and come out there and trying to run that four one and boy you go catch lactic. So IIII can, I can because my body is, my body is immune to that. My body's immune to that. Like, you know my race weight is my, my race weight is like two 20. Hey man, one thing I admire about you, boy you got, you got that confidence that God talk about in the Bible. But I respect that. Yeah. Respect that. He done challenge, he done challenge Noah, he done challenge Quincy. He say you want Quincy in a hundred, Dude. Hey I, I challenge Vern on Twitter. Hey man look, I'm in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.


You can separate right now. LSU you come down there but you punked out though. Nah, I'm, I'm traveling. I'm in New York right now. Yeah, yeah. I'm supposed to be in New York but I'm spending some time with the family before I hit out on Monday. Man, go hit that road. Get get back to that money on. Yeah. Hey man, somebody gotta pay the bills man. It's, it's a, I like beating though man. I, I just can't sit around and train too much because once I'm in shape I like to just go out there and race man. Right, right. It's fun man. I'm telling you like once like the grind, all that stuff is, it's part of the game. So, you know, a lot of these younger athletes have to understand being a professional, like you just saying, you ain't just training to travel these places for fun. You out here going out there and compete.


'cause these, these track meets in Europe is totally different from the, in the US they different really What's so what's the different about 'em Burn Man. They appreciate the sport and like all crowd, you go to these do league meets, man, it's just like you compete in their worlds and in the Olympics. Mm Wow. We went to the London Dom league meet, man, they had like 60 K thousand people out there. We went to the Olympics, it was 70 K. So it ain't no different. You competing in these, these big stadiums and Right. Competing on that circuit, man. It's, it's, it's, it's different. It's a different setup. It's very professional. They appreciate the sport and it just, and the competition is there man. And you know, we see the same people all the time. Like you see all these guys we racing, we see them all the time on the circuit like that.


Those guys in that 400 meters, I might have raced them next Thursday. So I'm gonna get that blood. Man I missed out At the, I installed on that blood. I'm gonna get some of that blood next week man. I want some of that. But you want your get backburn, I'm gonna get some of that man win, lose a draw. I'm gonna step on that line and give it everything I got, you know? Right. They stick competitive in me man. I don't know how you, you know, you football guys, y'all boys get on that, on that, on that field. Y'all boys get at it too. But on that field we get, we get active on that track too now. Oh yeah, for sure. I like It Man. That's my age. Track and field is my favorite sport to watch by. I appreciate. It's nice man. I know. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I love it. I mean I go back, like I said, I'm a little, I'm a lot older than you and so I go back and so I remember like all the Olympics and a lot of the worlds when they first brought the worlds in, in 83 in Helsinki.


I go, I go back a way, way, way back. And so I love the sport and the 400 meter is my race. I love, look I, I love, you know, track and field everything in track and field, but the open four and the four by four, that's my race man. That's my race. Listen, I love those races. If anybody was watching that four by four this year for the first time, man they gonna fall in love with because that's honestly, that's like one of the, probably the closest race I ever seen. USA. Yeah. Pushed to the max. It's, you know, because you use Thetas just wiping everybody out. You run away with It. And I think the fans at that game, man, I'm talking, I'm in the arena. I'm like damn. I'm like, like I'm tight. Like I'm just really tight. Like come on, come on. And just to, just to go through and experience that man.


I don't think I'm ever forget that. 'cause I rewatched the race the other day. I'm watching, I'm like, damn, we really sliding, I'm watching Ry hold it down man. To this day I see Ry, you good. My book to this day, boy yo, nah, You good. My book to this day, boy you, He held us down. Even when Chris Bailey, Chris Bailey did his thing on first Leg, you know, and even Bryce, you know, we told Bryce thing, we like, Hey Bryce, you got, you gotta step on him today. You gotta step on the day. And Bryce got that thing shout out on. I said, oh yeah, there we go. We ain't, we in business now. Rob got the stick and he did his thing. He, he did something that a lot of track at least don't, probably would never do. And he had, He didn't panic. He didn't panic. He had a, he had a strategy. He know who to Bogo was.


He had an idea of what he was like, look, I'm gonna get out. I'm gonna get out, but I'm gonna get out just enough while I don't die in the last a hundred meters. Because you go out too hard man, ain't there is no kind of lactic acid like 400 acid in that last hundred meter. First BOGO will be the problem, man. Oh yeah. Problem. But see here's the thing, A problem I'm not so sure had Right, had he not run that low 44 earlier and you saw that, so, you know, he got the strength and he just came off 1946. Yeah. But, but a lot of people don't know this about Tobo. You know, he, you know, throughout the year, you know, he, he went through some adversity with, you know, some hurt.


His Mom passed away. So he ain't trained for, for a couple of weeks now. So he missed out some training 'cause he, you know, pe you know, it is, you know, he gotta deal with so he ain't win. Didn't know if he was gonna continue the season. And for him to do that, man, I got a tremendous amount of respect for him, man. And, and, and, and the way they, they presented him in, in Botswana that, that was tremendously, that Was live. That's unbelievable. That Was live. He gonna be a problem man. He could run the one, two and the four like, because people forget he ran 30 points in the 300. Oh he got the world record in 300 meters. He 30, 60. I'm like, man, I hope he don't go to the 400 man. These boys already like knocking at the door. So for him to go out and do that, man, even if he run the 400 right now, he probably could go four, three seconds in the right race.


Oh yeah, for sure. Oh absolutely. But, but yeah, for sure. Hold on. He ran 19 four. If he runs 19 four, he can come through easy at 21 and a half. Easy, easy. I'm talking about with no stress, Vern easy, no stress whatsoever. Easy, Easy man. But and you mean to tell me he can't get home in 22 after coasting through the Oh hell yeah. So This, this, wait till he put a little bit more muscle on. He get a little bit stronger and he figure out that a hundred like talk. He said he doesn't, he said he doesn't know. He says he might go to the four, he might do the four two. But here's the thing are, are they, are they going to adjust the schedule because to do the four two it's hard. It's gonna be too much.


It's too close. Yeah. Nah, it's back to back. But that'll be something in there. They Have to do what they did for Michael and what they did for Marie. Correct. He did it in 96. Both of 'em did it in nine six. They spaced it out and gave him a couple days in between. Yeah, because if you finished one and try to go right. Nah, hell nah. Nah, It ain't gonna work. All right. But I got a salute. The bowl he ran, he ain't had a day break. He went straight from the hundred to the 200 to the four by four. I thought he was going run one round because wan got a little depth too. Now they got some guys Yeah. Round to 45 seconds. So I'm thinking, oh he gonna run first round. He, he, he done, man that boy went out there almost split 42. I said man, man, we he a problem man. Yeah for sure. Right Across the line. I said, Hey man, Toboo be a problem bro.


You know, but shout out Towana man. Toboo, they did a great job man. They pushed us to the max. So Yeah, but Vern, if you 1 65 to Bogo might be 1 55. He Gotta be, He's slim be. Hey. That's why I said on tv. That's why I say if he get a little bit more strong, a little bit more powerful. Right. And and he and he clean up some things in that a hundred, his top speed he a prop. Yeah. Because I mean you can tell, you can tell Him and Noah got similar top in speed. Yeah. You know, but about No one's gonna have to run some more four hundreds though. Avene. Huh? He gonna have to deal with this kid. Noah's gonna have to run some more four hundreds Man.


Tobo basically a 400 run run in the sprints. Man. He, that's basically what he is. He's a hybrid and you know, I hope he just stay away from that 400. Just go ahead and beat up on the boys. And we already got too much depth in the 400 as it is man. It's, it's too much depth in the US you know, there's so many guys in the US that people don't even, like you ain't see this year that you probably gonna see next year. You know, People ain't see Chris Bailey last year, but you see him this year, you know what I'm saying? It's, it's so much depth man. And I, and I kind of like it that way 'cause it keeps the competition amongst us to like, okay we gotta be on our game. Not just world, but for us because if we can get through us trials, we already know we ready for the world.


'cause that you want through us trials just like worlds. Yeah. Lemme ask you this about And. we talked about this and I've talked to several people. Quincy as Michael Johnson, I had Justin Gatlin on, even I talked to Ry, I, I think Bobby Kirsi who's her coach. Bobby is about legacy. Bobby is about leaving that you always remember Bobby Sey athletes. Is that I can see a situation where Sid tries to go sub 49 probably at the worlds and then she shifts her focus and she goes to the open 400 and tries to take down Meina coach records. She could do it too. She, yeah, she could go, I think she could go sub 49 in the hurdles and I think she definitely could get, You mean sub 50 in the hurdle?


Yeah, sub 50, I'm sorry, sub 50. And I think she definitely get the word record because when you watching her run man, just her mental focus, you just see it and I think just she got it down packed like with the hurdles. Like she just got it so down packed and so perfected that she just going boom, you know, and then you put her and you put her out in the 400, she already got the 200 speech. She could go sub 22 if she, if she really would've trained for it. She ran 22 0 7 22, which is like the eighth or ninth fastest time run. And she would've Had the American record in the 400 if you watched the race in New York. It was windy as hell on that back on that, on that home stretch when she was finishing that race.


Right. She Broke the American record that day. She ran for like 48, 48, 75. She would've broke, you know, if she ran again at trials or something like that. So she definitely, you know, in contentious to do that. But she would've focused on the four I think easily she could get that world record because she has all the tangibles and all the, the attributes and the strengths to do it. She got the speed, she got the strength and she got the mindset to do it too. And the right coach. So I'm pretty sure he has the recipe to cook it up and stir it up for it. All she gotta do is go out there and put it out on the, on the right day, on the right time with the right people in there. So you know, but And, we see that song 50 in the hurdles. It's over. Ain't nobody breaking that record. That record gonna be like Flo Joe or Crash Lo or like Crash Lobo's record in the, in the 800 folks record in the 400.


You see we don't get to see Sidney a lot throughout the year. So we see at one of the, at the big meets we see at trials And, we see at the games, you know, so a lot of people be forgetting how, you know how ta multi-talented and and phenomenal she is. So She can run, she can run high hurdles, she can run the 60 meters, she can run the a hundred meters, she can run 200 meters. She long jump if she want. Yeah. Burn. What makes her so unique is that she can hurdle with either leg. So she might take off with the right leg and then she's taking 14 steps I think in the next four hurdles and she's going left leg. And so it doesn't matter if you notice you, you never see her chopped because she can jump with either leg And she got the speed to do it.


The character. Oh she got top end speed. Yeah, she For sure if she really wanted to do the 200, she could train do 200. She can do the short hurdles. Like she really could do any event she actually really focus on. But, but I'm pretty sure the whole world wanted to see SU 50 in the four Oh the hurdles and then see her try something new with the 400, the 400 gonna be a big challenge because you got those girls Paulino, you just saw Paulino just run the third fastest time ever. Paulina a dog 38 17 Paulina a do and you still got the A who just came back, you know, 'cause she was, because it was her before it was, you know, Paul. Yes. Yeah. But now she's got a big push. But Paulina a dog and she ain't going, she ain't gonna go down very easily. She ain't Going out without a fight.


She Going need that in order for her to get what she wanted to get that push for her to get that world right. That's why I say she could get it because like I said, if you watch her race way back, I was it last year with her and Paulina raced in Paris, you know, but Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I I think maybe Sydney was just trying something out just to see, But I think that was Sydney's probably first open four. Yeah. She probably just trying something out just to test the awards and see what she could do. But, but you know, like sometimes it might play momentum gymnastics just to test you out. But I mean she definitely could break the world record though. She got it. I I think she got It. She, it Vern, I I think it's gonna take, I think she might need to go to altitude in order with the right track, the right circum, right conditions that day.


Man, I don't even think she needs all that man. Sydney just could go out there and run man and just Go out. You do real burn. I'm talking about 47 60. There's only two women in the history and track and Field's been going on for over a hundred years. 1896 did split 47 7 with no push. I'm, but you do realize 47 60 Oh from a stand from blocks. Yes. Split is something entirely different bro. You run too many four hundreds not to know That. No, I'm not, you know, it's gonna be a challenge, but I could definitely see how going So 48. Oh for sure. You for sure. But like I said, you know, it's something that she gonna want to have to do and her coach gonna have to cook up the recipe for for the do and I'm pretty sure he will.


'cause he'll he, he a mastermind behind a lot of success. A lot of athletes had That. He Oh yeah, yeah. Oh for sure. Hey, I would love to see it. And I would, I would love to see that man. So who knows, you know what Sidney do because I'm a big fan of hers. We under the same responsible new balance. So I would love to see it from her man. And plus the, she, she young vene, she young, she young enough, she 25 She time Olympian And she, she's in her wheelhouse for the next three, for the next three, four years. She's gonna be this, she's about for, for like two for the next two, three years burn. She's gonna be at her peak powers. That's, and they don't even know, man. That's why I said it's all gonna be about what she wanna do at the end of the day.


But, but for, for the track and field community, man, we, we waiting on that day man. I'm pretty sure it's Spanish y waiting on that day too because we talking about it right now. Just this. Oh, I love it. But I'm glad that y'all could see, you know, the, the, the craft behind our work because you know, our sport is very different from a lot of these other sports. Like, because basically like when you out there on that track, you out there on the island. Yeah. You know about the island. Boys be on the island with you. Yeah. One-on-one you already know what time You, you, you all by yourself. You all by yourself is you and is it just you and this, you know what I'm saying? And I think that's, a lot of people overlook, they think it's all physical. I like nah, it's that mind game. You know what I'm saying? You walk past one of your, your your boy and blah blah blah.


You look at him, you like, oh yeah, he's scared. He done so you already his head like, you know, it's, it's, it's it's little anxious. Like sometimes you see guys do stuff like that. You, they don't wanna look at you. They don't wanna shake your hand. They don't wanna do nothing. Right. I'm like, man, come On man. You look at them and they look away. Okay, I got you. I'm like, man, you know where I'm from boy, this, this ain't nothing this running. I ain't gonna die off this man. I'm good, you know. But it's, it's fun man. And I'm glad you know, y'all get to witness and see y'all sport because man it is, it is hard man. It's very Hard. Oh yeah, for sure. Like What we put our body through to get very little reward. And that's why I said we appreciate y'all showing y'all, you know, y'all generosity towards us. 'cause that's big man.


I think what y'all do for our community, man, y'all good. My book. Y'all come to Baton Rouge. Y'all good? Y'all got a room? I can take you down to the best soul food spot. Boy you eat that fall right to sleep. Look man, you good in my book man. But but we appreciate y'all man. It it is been fun. But yeah, But for those, for those in the chat asking yes, Vern has received his payment. Come on man. You know what I'm saying? Too loud. Somebody might come knocking on the door. I'm like, oh you money. He was like, Hey man look Mama probably text me. Oh you got paid Uhuh. Chill out now chill out. Not too big. I'm like, oto, I'm a little frugal man. I understand it bro. I understand it. I'm Frugal burn man.


I ain't got no money. I'm broke Bro. Thank you for giving us some of your time tonight man. We really, really appreciate it. Appreciate it. Congratulations on the, the time the Olympic record. Mm. Congratulations on the world record and the mixed relays continued success the rest of the season and we'll see you down the road bro. I Appreciate y'all having. Yes sir. Hey look though, you know Yes. Whenever OCHO can't make it, I'm gonna come co-host with you. Alright, you good then? Okay, come on. Hey bro. Hey look, I Ball just like it so we get on there together man. We good. We good burn. Appreciate it man. Best of luck. Stay healthy. Always. We'll see you down the road. Yes sir.


I take You these all. Alright bro. Have a good one. Yo man, that was ojo. That was unbelievable man. Hey, That, that, that was lie that boy Yeah. Was live. I leave, hold on now I'm a little bit new to this Man. Just hit the X and get up outta here. Burn man. That was great OJ that was great man. I mean to have to have Noah on to have the mixed relays with Shair, little kk, Bryce Deadman obviously burn and then burn to bring it home. Man, it's great. We're still trying to work on a few athletes. Yeah. Oh, matter of fact, I'm glad you, I'm glad you just said that.


You're trying to work on a few athletes. Messiah Russell asked if, if if, if she could come on so I told her I would pass the message on the Unc. Obviously you know she won won. Yeah. She won the, the the hurdles. Yep. Yep. So I get that information to you. Alright, And, we love to have one. This is this this is good. This is really good. Just being able to hear from allowing the fans to hear from my athletes and what that experience was like. You know, representing our country, the pressures, it's amazing the strategies that go into in, in, into racing and how it's more than just just running for sure's so much more to just running as opposed to what the casual fan may think. That really doesn't watch track. So it's really dope to hear the game plans that each, each person has and, and what they go through and how they prepare for these track meets.


Especially on the big stage like the Olympics. Well George, it's kind of like you people just think you go out there and get open. Yeah. But there's there, there, there's a technique. There's a skill. Yeah. Yeah. To run, to run into the the bang to make it look just like a square out to make it look like a did to make it look like an over Oh yeah. So People just, oh man, he just got no, no, no, no. There's technique to that. You just don't just go run. There has to be a rhyme and a reason. Everything needs to look the same. I'm falling off the table on the out route. I Hey back foot hit and then guess what? The bang. Yeah. Once I glance inside. Yeah, I know that safety cover three because it's bang bang. Yeah. That's how, that's how it gets the name.


So yeah. We love to how we gonna get that information? Ocho Now it's time. Watch to pivot. We gotta go to football. Daniel Jones gave Giants fans reason to word with two interceptions against Houston after two interception. I thought it was three. He throw, he throw two or three. I thought it was three. I think maybe the backup came in and did that. Hey, did You see, did you see that pick by stingy though? Yeah. Oh that was a hell of a peak. That was nice boy. But Stig was a hell of a player. Oh yeah. He nice. He nice. After two interceptions. David Daniel Jones delivered a pair of scoring drive. But you know what the topic will be in New York this week. The first was a classic example of what not to do. Guess what? Yeah, he's in a situation.


Yes sir. And while he did, he may exacerbated, he made a situ a bad situation worse. Even worse. So What, what's worse? A safety or a pick six. Yeah. You think? I think you know what he was trying to do. He was trying to throw that, he was trying to throw that joker out of bounds. But the momentum from the hit it jar, it jarred the ball loose and messed up. It messed up the throw. I tweeted earlier today as unethical as Daniel Jones performance was the today preseason game. I said that Monique la Oh Malik Nvis is so good. He's so good. He's going to save him. That's how good. Sometimes you have quarterbacks that are so good, they make the receiver Malik Nab is so good and he's shown such elite talent, not only in the preseason games but in practice as well.


He's going to save Daniel Jones in season. He's gonna be a security blanket. Not when he throw a play. Not when he throwing the ball to the db. Yeah. And the funny thing about it, and a lot of people say how you gonna get in the ball? It just put the ball in the vicinity. This is the NFL. Put the ball in the vicinity of neighbors and you'll be fine. Yeah. Okay. Second. But he threw a pick fix the Jalen Petri. Yeah. And then the second interception came on the next possession. Darryl Stinger Jr. Had a great pick. Daniel Jones signed a four year deal for $160 million. So you ride with Danny Dimes this year? I mean, we don't have no choice. We don't Have no choice. You, you got a choice.


You aime you don't in New York. Listen, you know I don't got no horse in the race over there in New York. I could care less. So You ride with you. I Don't care less. Huh? You riding with him. I mean he all right. I mean, I don't Nah. Ocho Seco riding with Daniel Jones is a simple yes or simple. No, I mean, no listen, I told you I ain't got what you Hey, I don't have no horse in the race over there in New York. You know, you know they, I don't pay me no mind. The Steelers played broke Russell Wilson and Justin Field quarterback for the entirety of the day's preseason game.


Yeah. And only scored three points. They combined for a total of 139 yards. They, they even played a lot of their stars on Pittsburgh offense. Right. Ocho given what you saw. What's the Steelers, what's the Steelers ceiling Now see the Steelers game? I didn't get to see Unc. I'm gonna just be honest with you. 'cause you gotta understand I'm out here in New York and I was doing the sign in during the right, during the tenure of that game. So you, I haven't had a chance to get back and watch it or watch the replay. So I'm not sure what happened. So you gonna have to like, keep me and keep me, what's the word? Abreast? Yeah. On what you saw and what happened. And I'm gonna have to go back and I'm gonna have to go back and watch Ocho.


Man, was It that bad? Hold lemme start. Lemme start. Was it that bad? The thing is, is that you see both of them make throws and, and, and in practice, right? I mean, you know, da I mean, fields is still playing unbelievable. Russell is making great throws. Right. And then come Gametime, it's just like, damn. Well, you know, practicing the game, practicing the game is completely different. You know that. And that's the thing I'm saying, do y'all e did y'all even practice? I mean, it, it, it, it it was, it was, it was bad. Wait, Hold on. Hold, hold on. It. Was it that bad? Or you just don't like the Steelers? What, what You No, no, no, no, no, no. I I I mean I was a Steeler fan growing up. Right.


But just looking at it and I don't wanna look, I don't wanna say they're not, they're gonna be two and 15, but boy, they gotta improve offensively. Man. They got to It was that bad. It was bad. They were bad. Well, it is preseason. I I mean, I can say that. I'm not sure if that's, that's, that's Good Or Thing not. I look, I, I'll ocho you and I both know Yes sir. Preseason didn't matter. You ain't want to go out there and put on no, no bull drive performance. Right. Right. At least, at least give us a smaller sample size of what it's gonna look like. That's tape. I ain't trying to put that on film. Right.


I ain't trying to put, I ain't trying to put that out there. OI ain't gonna even lie to you. I ain't trying to put that out there. I mean, you got you. You making it sound like they play like the bad news bears or something. OCHO was bad. I'm just saying. That's all I'm gonna say. It was bad. Oh.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected and each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine odu ODU has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's o doo.com.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from e-service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


Dearest listener. Allow me to unveil a delightful secret snag tights craft clothing. It embraces everybody's shape in a bold endeavor to revolutionize the fashion realm snag has triumphed. Permit me to draw your attention to the ingenious Chubb rub shorts crafted with moisture wicking yarn promising to keep you at least one degree cooler and utterly free from the discomfort of chafing free shipping on select orders. Thus, the more you snag, the more you save. Do not delay. Dear listener, experience the fashion revolution that is snag and visit snag tights us today.


The fall is creeping up on us, but we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the south's newest booty haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer. Feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


Are you tired of your scented cleaning products? Smelling and cleaning like meh. Then it's time for an upgrade with the power of Clorox sativa with an uplifting scent that smells like coconut. Clorox sativa gives you powerful, clean like Clorox. But a feeling like, ah, being transported to a tropical island retreat. Imagine putting your phone on do not disturb, tuning out all the constant, just the feeling of warm sand in between your toes and a fruity drink in your hand. The ones with the little umbrella. Refresh your home to feel like an all-inclusive vacation by getting Clorox tiva also available in grapefruit and lavender sense at a nearby retail store.


Ocho the Cowboys kicker. Brandon Aubrey just nailed a 66 yard field goal at the buzzer tied for the longest kick in NFL history. It's been one hell of a story for the 28-year-old undrafted Frederick from the N-F-L-U-F-L. Excuse me. UUFL. They said the kick would've been good from 72 yards, But damn. Which would've been the longest kick in NFL history. These guys now ocho I mean 50 is no longer a test for no for any kicker in the NFL. Yeah, you don't really start to stress a kicker until you get to 55. Yeah. 50 artists Like, like nothing.


66 is very far. That's the NFL record. I mean the guy in Baltimore. Yeah, Jer, Justin, Tucker Tucker. But then when I, when I, when I think about it, doing it in a preseason game where there's really no pressure on you. Huh? There's really no pressure on you. 'cause if you miss, you miss Right. I mean it's just preseason. You are already the kicker. The job is already yours. But what happens when you put an individual in that pressure situation where the game is on the line? You have to take, I got the 66 66 jars. That's a different ball game. I know. I got the leg to do it. Oh yeah. Yeah. You see that's why we practice because hey son, I seen you make that play in practice. Right. Hey son, I seen you run win this rout in practice.


It gives what you do in practice gave me the confidence that when I went into The game, you know I do it in the game game. Yeah. I can do it. Yeah. Don't give damn what y'all do. I done did this before. My body knows You, you know, as, as a kicker, as a kicker myself as you, you, you've seen me kick, you know, feel golden in the game. There is a certain pressure that is on you when the game is on the line. Oh yeah. Especially, especially from that distance that is far because the further back you go, the more difficult it is to be accurate and consistent because You try to, you try you, first of all, you try to, a lot of times you over kick the ball. Bingo. You ain't shit. You ain't got no choice. You ban I'm 66.


Well you know how fun It's Yeah. Yeah. And then, you know, they got a guy standing back there at the back of the end line. So he gonna catch it, bring That thing On out. You only got two guys that can really tackle. Those are the wings because you got five offensive, you probably got five or six offensive defensive linemen and then you got the kicker. He can't tackle the holder, he can't tackle at all. And basically you got two wings that are normally linebacker or tight end. Those of you guys. That's it. That's what you got. So you Are at a disadvantage. Yes, very much so. Alright, Ocho, it's time for our last segment of the night and it's q and a. I see somebody in the chat trying to be funny talking about, oh, OCHO was the kicker.


What do you mean kickball? Man, you better do your homework. Stop playing with me man. Shoot Texas Track Dad POS podcast said thanks for supporty track and field tonight. Nightcap. Nah man, this is like, to have these guys and to see the excitement Ocho of having somebody like ourselves support them and then put money where our mouth is like, bro, we proud of y'all And, we wanna show you just how proud and congratulate you for what we did. You can see the sincere, the genuine happiness that everybody that's been on here. That's, that's, that's one you can see the genuine excitement that comes along with it.


I got a question. Yes. I I only mean to put our business out there. What's the chances that we can see it on here? I'm just curious. We, we, we, we put some calls in. So we'll see how, we'll see how that goes. Okay. Okay. I mean that's kind of how we got all of, we put calls out and all we can do is, you know, we put calls out. Yeah. And they can respond or not. Yeah. Well I I, I would hope, I would hope with the love that we've been showing, I would hope that she responds just so we can give her flowers. Yeah. Jayden Blackwell USA is about to take over track again at the Paralympics in Paris. I hope so. Hey, gold is gold.


Yeah. So I'm excited. I'm, you know, look, competition is competition. These Paralympic athletes, they train and have the same desire, the same dedication. They've trained a lifetime for this moment. And to see all their hard work come full circle. Yeah. They're as excited as the able bodies that's able to, you know, so I'm excited to see them. Hopefully I get a chance to see them. It's about to be this, about to be our busy time of the year. I don't, when when does the Paralympics start? They starting so hopefully 20th of this month.


Yeah. See that's gonna be a busy time for us. That's gonna be, we about to head back. And, we start, you know, we'll be winding up. We'll be in Dallas. Yeah. Getting ready for the final leg of our tour. And then, you know, football season starts that following Thursday. Oh yeah, let's go. So, But I'll catch some of it. I'll, I'll catch some of it. Chiefs and Ravens man. Hold on man. Hey, did you see Mahomes with that? With that, that back that backyard pass? Yeah. Today? Yeah. Why you surprised By that? That was nice boy. Yeah. Yeah. That was nice. And they talk about, they talking about he ran the wrong route, man. They practiced that. They aint fool me, but, but Kel was supposed to run that. Kel was supposed to run the flag.


The other guy was the Supposed get it. I think they did that on purpose, huh? No, Kel was supposed to run the flat to pull the guy. That other guy was supposed to get it Right. Okay. But Kelsey said I won that. Oh, I won That behind the best me that Hey there. You talking about improvising, man, that was smooth as hell. Yeah. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy said, Hey Uncle Ocho, see y'all in Atlanta. Who do y'all think is to be the biggest surprise team this season? Either for better or worse, The Bears, You think? Yeah. What you call them Caleb Williams looks unbelievable. Yeah. And, and you know what I saw, I saw a few, a few people, a few tweets that said, well, everybody hooping and hollering about what Caleb Williams just did. And Justin Fields used to do that too.


And I think what, what people are feeling to realize is Justin Fields showed flashes of what we saw Caleb Williams do today every so often. Yes. He didn't do it consistently, consistently. Lamar Jackson, he does it consistently, But Does Pat Mahomes, he does it consistently. Josh Allen, despite the, the, the influx of turnovers, he does it consistently. And that's what was missing. And. we have a huge sample size of Caleb Williams in college doing what we saw today in college. But consistently, that's the only difference. That's, that's the difference. What separates those that are really good and those that are okay, just being able to find that, that that happy medium of being able to do a consistently time in and time out again.


Man, Ocho That's all it comes down to. This is, this is what annoys me about fans. Yes, sir. Now if they stay with, if they stay with Justin Fields and Caleb Williams goes somewhere else and lights it up, what they gonna say? Then? We coulda had Caleb Williams And, we stayed with Justin Fields the exact same thing, bro. Y'all stop this. It's easy to say expo. It's easy to say after the fact. Hindsight is a magnificent science because you have the luxury of knowing today. Tomorrow Stop that. Yeah, We just say y the same fans. That was when Justin Fields threw a pick or he fumbled a ball.


Now y'all quick to say, oh, Justin Fields did this and I I think Justin Fields do I think he was mismanaged. Yeah, mishandled. Yes, Absolutely. Well, hey, look at the organization he was with. They mismanaged every got the quarterback they've had. All, all y'all do is that he do. So same thing with, I don't know why we took, when Andy took Patrick Mahomes. What, man, we didn't need a quarterback. We got, we got Alex Smith. We got Alex, we got Alex Smith. Yeah, they, they don't, they don't know no battle. Like come on, hold on. Did you, did you see Jayden Daniels today though?


But he looked good. Yeah, he looked good. You know, I went to dolphin practice. Yeah, I went to the joint practice. Yeah. And I was able to see them. I think it might have been Thursday's practice. Man, what that boy look like. He look, you know how you see sometimes you see some rookies and they look like they, they just belong. Like they've been doing it. Like they, like he's been here before, man, he in that pocket man. So goddamn calm and relaxed pressure coming all around him. He just stepping up in the pocket, man. He looked, he looked nice. And this was in practice, so I expected what I saw in the game. Okay. I'm all right. I just saw that. So, okay.


Stephanie Warfield say stay with me now. Name for words that people use or spelled incorrectly. That is your pet peeve. See what I did there? My, my thought specific instead of specific also two instead of two. Man, look here and you, I mean, a lot of times Oh, There Hey there, there and there. Yeah. E using ei instead of ERE As in possession as in place. I mean, look, I mean, a lot of times people like, oh, you misspelled it bro, stop it. You're not no English professor. This is Twitter. I ain't writing no dissertation. How you doing that?


This ain't, this ain't no, you know, I ain't trying to turn in no loss. No, no, no. It ain't none, none of that going on here. You got the gist. In other words, I say you ugly. You understood that though. I'm a, I'm a grammar Nazi on Twitter. No, hell no. Jamal Bryant as an older man and fathers. Well y'all feel some type of way if you're trying tried to get you to talk to a therapist. My father's 50, he has a lot of trauma. Hurt, pain, pride, never talk to anyone or trust anyone. Nah. Hey, I would tell him go hell, I done been bunch of times The therapy. Hell yeah. Yeah. I mean I, I went to school for that.


I, I man, I just like, hey, I was quick to let, like nobody, you know, I just, you know, being a little brother and being, you know, being, having older cousin being picked on as I got up, got some sides. I wasn't going for none of that. That was my apple. No sir. Oh no. Hey, slide your number I get with you. So, and you just have to learn it and dealing with relationships. Yeah. That, you know, to be like, to try to be on the same level, to be on the same, you know, to communicate. I'm not great at communicating. I say what I say, you know, you say what you say, okay, I'm done with it.


Right. Are you done? Yeah, I'm done. You said what? You said I said what I did. What said, I mean, what, what we going back and forth for? So I I, I think about also he said at, at the age that he's at, do you think therapy even helps at that point? Yeah, for sure. You can't. You think so? Because It gets you, because it gets you, You're sort of stuck in your ways. Yeah. But it gets you the look that your wave got you ed up. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because like I say, dojo, I told you the time, sometimes you, you know, you bleed on the people that didn't even cut you. Ooh, I I got that. I got that in my notes. You don't know, you don't know that you doing that. Right. You don't know what you don't know. And the, the sometimes you gotta be smart.


You gotta be smart enough to know what you don't know. And you know, you just gotta, okay, let me see an a a an alternate. Because here's the thing, Ocho here's an alternate view of somebody that don't have a dog in the fight. Right. That's why therapy, you know, you, hey, you don't know the person. Now maybe you and your partner not going to see the same therapist. Right. But you're going to someone and it's, it's better because I've been in both situations. I've gone by myself and I've taken a partner with me and because a lot of times you only going to tell your side of the story that makes you look favorable. You know how they go down to the interrogate room? Oh, oh, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


Oh, oh yeah. Did that. But you ain't tell That you drove only tell, tell half the story, the half that's convenient for them to Keep, to keep me out of it. Yeah. So you know, you telling your side to make you look good, to make it seem like it's the other person. Right. So now when the other person comes in and tell their side, now it's his job says, okay, do you see why she felt that way? Do you see why he felt this way? Right. Okay. Is there a common ground that we can get to? So yeah, I absolutely believe, I absolutely believe that it, that it helps. I definitely know it helped me and it's still a work in progress. Ocha, you, you have to go. 'cause a lot of times it's too late to buy insurance after you wrecked the car.


It's too late to buy insurance after the house is burnt down. God damnit, I ain't got my damn notepad. Boy, that's a good one right there, boy. And So a lot of times people don't only wanna do something with something chaotic is going on, but a lot of times it's too late. Buy insurance after you wreck the car, who often Finn finna use that? Hey, my, hey, I'm, ooh, I'm finna hit real with that one. But next argument I ain't bullshitting. Next Argument. Call boy as Mister Uncle Ocho. You guys responded to one of my messages a few months ago and you guys helped me through a hard time in my life and I'm nowhere to go and this is my safe place and a guaranteed laugh after a bad day. Thank you. Nah bro. Thank you. Yes sir.


Thank you for the being supportive. Thank you for watching OCHO and I, you look, we, we, we try to break down sporting events, but we try to teach you life lessons, things that have happened to each of us in our lives. And to be open and as honest as I possibly can about things that have, because at 56 years of age, I haven't been perfect and I've never professed that I'm perfect and I'm big enough, old enough to know that I've, I I've, I've, I've been bad in certain spots. Try not to be bad in that position again. But I'm, I've never been too big to not accept responsibility and accountability. And I think that's the biggest thing. I think a lot of times people are always looking to place to blame. It's always someone else's fault. Well, if it's always someone else's fault, why are you the only common denominator?


Mm. I come on you the restaurant. You go to the restaurant, it's you in your car. It stinks you at home. It stinks. You go to church, it stinks. You the one that got the smelly booty. It's you, it ain't everybody else. Come on, come on pastor. So I, I think enough, a lot of people don't wanna accept responsibility. They don't wanna accept accountability because it's so easy to blame other people. I own up the mind and it's okay. I'm not perfect. Same. I'm not. People want you to, I think the thing is that society has come so they want you to think their lives are perfect.


Oh, I got the perfect marriage, I got the perfect job. I got the perfect everything. There's no such thing as perfection. All I do is I shoot for the stars and if I land on the moon, I'm still pretty damn high up. And that's okay. Somehow we've like, if you make a mistake, I'm not saying make the cont the same, the same mistake, Ocho Oh No, it take one time. You hear me? It take one time. So one time. Yeah. That's just, but but Cali, I'm, I'm glad we could be a, I remember the name. I don't quite remember. I think he was going through something with a, with a girlfriend.


But bro, my grandfather used to always say Sunshine follows rain Every Time. No matter how stormy it rained. 40 days and 40 nights, but the same sun came out and no one could see the land. It's gonna get better, bro. I promise you. BK said, are you all, are y'all excited about NFL season as much as I, me I've watched more preseason than I ever in my entire life. Of course, yes. I, I'm very excited for the NFL season. Oh yeah. I'm to see can the sports is about stories. Can Kansas City three p, can Aaron Rogers get the jets to where they wanna be?


Can Lamar Jackson finally get over the hump? We know what his play, we know what his regular seasons are. Impeccable. Can he go Dak Prescott? Is this his last year in Dallas? Will the Cowboys advance to, there are so many storylines. So yes. I make, I I'm, I make, I make excited to see them all and see them unfold. And in New Orleans and what, the second week of February we're gonna crown a champ. Will it be the same champ or will it be a new champ Going be the Bengals in New Orleans?


Oh, that's what it's gonna be. Yeah. I'm just telling you that's tell you that's, that's, that's a story. Well, well we gonna be down there. Well, we definitely, we definitely gonna be down there. Alright guys, that concludes Nightcap. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I wanna thank Noah Lyes. We wanna thank Bernie Norwood, Brian Deadman, SHAIR, little Caitlyn Brown and Kaylinn, right? This is Caitlyn Brown, Kaylin Kaylinn, Kaylin Brown. Sorry, KK Davis. That's what they were calling us. So guys, thank you so much for joining us at Nightcap. I'm sure all our listeners, all our viewers, were very excited to see you guys and hear you break down your performances and, and, and, and the, the meaning of being at the Olympics and being able to run and get those medals.


So thank you again for joining us. I am your favorite, a Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite. Number 85, the route runner extraordinaire, the Bing a ring of Fame, honor ery, the legendary pro bowler all pro Sam Mo Juco, Liberty City's own. That's Ochocinco. Please make sure you guys hit that like button. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. And guys, do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed please wherever you get your podcast from. And remember every subscriber counts. And thank you for supporting us in helping us get this far. Make sure you go check out my Shea by La Portier. We have it in stock and so if we don't have it in a state or city near you, order you a bottle and get it shipped right to your door.


Please go follow my media company page on all platforms that Shea Media and my clothing company 84. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Again, thank you Noah Lyles for joining us. Vernon Nor Woods, Shamir, little Bryce, Devon and Kaylyn Brown. Thank you again for joining us tonight. We're back tomorrow. Same time. Seven route joke, The Volume.


So should we go electric? I think we should go electrified with Toyota. Electrified. Electrified means options. Yes, we could go all electric with a Toyota BZ four x, but then there are hybrids like Grand Highlander. Or we could do something in between like a RAV4 plugin hybrid. So Toyota is electrified diversified. Yep. And with more options for reducing carbon emissions, the closer we all get to Toyota's beyond zero vision for the future. Exactly. How much coffee have you had this morning? Learn more about our beyond zero vision for the future at toyota.com/beyond zero.


The fall is creeping up on us, but we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest booty haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


You know that feeling when you walk into your home. Take a deep breath, ah, and feel new. Well, that's what it's like to use Clorox Tiva because Clorox centa smells like coconut, cleans like Clorox and feels like energy. It'll elevate any cleaning routine to not just clean, but also make every room smell like a tropical coconut getaway. Discover how Clorox sativa's powerful, clean, and refreshing scent can transform your space. Get yours in coconut or other fabulous senses at a nearby retail store.


Plug in a Hyundai Ev in the extraordinary happens from the charge time and range in the Ioni five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower. Ioni five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 iac five se SEL limited rear wheel drive and 361 mile driving range for 2024 Ioni six se long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine, oo, ODU has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't oo sound amazing? Let oo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@odod.com. That's OD o.com.