
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, hell, who doesn't? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect the smoky flavor. That length of time you can fly from Miami to Los Angeles and back from Los Angeles to Miami. 12 long hours. That's about how long it takes Oscar Meyer to smoke their bacon. There's no wrong way to enjoy it, So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon.


Right now I'm partnering with PayPal. The holiday season is here and I'm gonna save big with cashback offers in the PayPal app. It's easy. I browse deals from my favorite brands, save offers in the app and use PayPal checkout online. Really, really easy. Whether I'm buying gifts from my family or treating myself to something nice, I'm earning cash back. And you can too. Don't just pay PayPal. Check offers in the app for details and exclusions. Cash back earned as points redeemable for cash and other options. See PayPal rewards terms.


Yo, this is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We've all got a thing in obsession for some of us this vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect, they all live under one roof. eBay is for clauses to Get filled with statement pieces and vintage vs. Or must have sneakers wait for you. And Designer handbags are the real deal on eBay. Doors to Open to stacks of the rear trading cards in a garage stock with all the car parts you need for any do-it-yourself job. eBay is home to whatever thing you're into that keeps you up at night. eBay things people love The Volume.


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament. Culminating in the NBH Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with Draft King Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The coach Vince Anthony Richardson before week nine, game against Minnesota before he was moved back into the starting role as QB one week 11 for during the break. Some end vets met with Richardson to address some concerns they had with a young quarterback de Forres Buckner, one of them. And today he praised Richardson's response in the last four weeks. Him being a young player and the stage that he is and the pressures that he has. Obviously I can relate to that. I'm not a quarterback, but I can relate to it as a former first round pick. Being the team's first round pick, having all these high expectations for a guy and coming in with that type of pressure. But also he essentially the franchise quarterback. But the guy that they brought in to be that guy to lead this team, the city to win.


I just felt I need, I needed to speak to him and tell him how I felt. And even though he was benched, he that I still believe and we also believe that he needed to know, especially as a young player who also, there's the standard that wasn't being met and that he needed to pick it up. And I feel that he's responded really well and that's, he's shown the team and the consi on a consistent basis that he's all or he's all in for the team and he'll do whatever it takes for the team to get these wins and to be the best player he can be. Sometimes you gotta have a conversation. I like that. Sometimes you gotta have an unhealthy conversation. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I like, I like that. I like that. Conversations like that. It doesn't happen often.


Nope. Doesn't happen often, especially when it comes to veteran players actually talking to the, the quarterback of all people, you know, normally you don't talk to your quarterback like, like that maybe other positions, but the fact that they're in a position to be able to converse, you know, with him like that is, is is pretty dope. And the fact that he responded the way he did and and not in a negative manner Is awful. Yeah. Is, is Very, is very awesome. Tho them those uncomfortable conversations need to be had much more often like coaches and owners telling players how they really feel about 'em instead of Lion. Yeah. How many, what you call 'em your Garrett Wilson guy, maybe Devonte, I mean Devonte, how many not Garrett has 9 33.


How many Devonte has, because he's an a FC guy, so his yards just transferred. Don't Joe from what he had at the Raiders. Raiders, right. Wow. He got eight 60. He got a chance to go over a thousand. So what, 9 36 and eight 60? Yep. Yeah. But Aaron, Aaron, Aaron would had to be putting that thing, putting that thing on the money the next three weeks. Who did they play? Who did they adjust? Got they got Buffalo. I know they got Buffalo. One of those games. Well, listen, Buffalo just got 42 put on 'em so that, that they still might happen.


Oh, they got the Rams bills and the dolphins. Hold on. But you also, but you also saw what Josh Allen put up on the other teams too, right? 48. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. And 42 the week before. So he's put up 90 points in the last two weeks. And it's not like the jazz defense like world beaters, right? Russell Wilson says he, Russell Wilson hosts his first year with the Steelers, won't be his last hard knocks documented an event in Pittsburgh for the why not, why not you foundation founded by Wilson and his wife Sierra, which a child ask if Wilson likes playing with the Steelers. Yeah. I love it. It's awesome. Wilson answer a ask if he's going to resign with the Steelers Wilson answer.


Hopefully. I love it here. It's cool. Hopefully we're going to win the Super Bowl this year. Wilson is given the Steelers NFL's best bargain playing on a league minimum contract of 1.2 million. But that's because the Broncos is playing the other 39 million of a guaranteed deal with them. Right. But Wilson is slated to become a free agent in March. OCHO will Russ State in Pittsburgh. I think, I think the, the chemistry and the understanding and what Russell Wilson is good at doing and what he's not good at doing in this stage of his career between him and Arthur Smith has been a phenomenal marriage.


It's been a perfect marriage. I think Russell Wilson is, is perfect forta offense based on what they're trying to do. And he's shown you he can win. He's shown you he can win in a way where the Steelers can compete for Lombardi trophy year in and year out. Now, I'm not sure how much time at the quarterback position Russell Wilson may, may have, and I'm not sure if he's the future of the Steelers at the quarterback position long term, but I like what I'm seeing from him to where another short deal, maybe two, three year deal that Baker Mayfield type money on top of what he's already getting from the Broncos with with, Yeah. This is the last year for the Broncos.


This, this year was guaranteed. Yeah. Okay. So that's why he took, so he's making 41.2. Right. So you can see, okay, bring it back on another, another two, three years. Yeah. And 40 million A year. It made it make sense. It it def it definitely makes sense, you know, and then you can address the issues on how you wanna move forward when you think his time and his time is up. But what Russ Wilson has done, you know, this year in just his first year with the Steelers has, has been very Good. What's his, the question is, is Fields, is this his fifth year? Because if it's his fifth year and they didn't, then they didn't pick it up, 1, 2, 3, 4 next year. Next year will be fine. But they didn't pick up his option.


Mm. So they'll bring it, they'll, they'll get him for another year. So we'll see how that plays out. Are the Titans a soft football team? Brian Callahan goes off while defending his guys complete total bs. These guys are effing tough, man. That means you just don't watch itch. You kinda shove it. Is that right up your Back end? To be honest, no. I think your, I think I, I think they have a really good defense that plays a lot, a lot more snaps than they should because the quarterback play has been bad. Yeah, that's what I think personally, and I don't care how tough your defense is, if you continually put them out there on the field, they're going to crack and teams are gonna start and then it's gonna look like, man, I defense ain't nothing.


No, they're just playing too many snaps. Your offense, man. Sometimes your best defense is your offense. When you can keep those guys where you can sustain drives and keep the defense fresh and let them go. Because if they come off the field, they done gave, let's just say somebody got a a 10 or a 12 play scoring drive, right. And score down the score seven, whatever it is. And on the first two plays, you turn the ball over and they're right back out there. Yeah. Yeah. You asking? Yeah, you're gonna get exposed every time. You gonna get exposed every time. So no, I think they're talking about your team. I think they're talking about your, your offense. They just said team, I think they're talking about your offense and I don't know if the offense is, is soft.


I know your quarterback plays an out Mm And then when your quarterback plays that bad ocho, it makes everything else around you look bad. It's Bad on, I don't, oh, You gotta tell me bad, bad, Bad. Might not even be the word to use. I'm not sure what's worse than bad, but whatever is worse than bad on by definitive terms, that's what needs to be used. Like it is. Wow. What, what, what, what Ojo, check this out. There was a big ruling by court yesterday that JUCO athletes who play college sports retain all four years of NCA eligibility, even if they play one to two years of juco. So you could go to JUCO now and play one year, two years, and still have four years at D one.


Oh, That's dope. That's dope. Hell yeah. That's, That's real dope. I like that. Well, so well technically since they made that rule, that mean I still got some eligibility left. Nah, you're not. No, no, no, no, no. You're not grandfathered in. No. So if I, let's just say for the sake of argument, sir, I go into a homeowner's association and I got a donkey, a little pet, little one of little men. Donkey. Yeah, donkey. Yeah. But they don't have a rule against it. Now they go pass a rule that says you can't have donkeys. Well, no, I'm grandfathered in. I can't go get another donkey, but I get to keep this One. This one, yeah.


So that's the, that's the grandfather. But you, you're not grandfather though, Joe. Yeah, I, I, they, they mean cur currently. So moving forward, Right? If you go to JUCO for two years with, You go to Juco, you go for one year or two years, you still have four years of Availability. That's now if you good enough, get your ass up outta there after one year because they're gonna hold that against you. Because if you go two years to Juco, that's 18, 19. Yep. You play four years of college football. That's 23. Yeah. I'm trying to get to the bag as quick as possible. Very fast. So if I go two years of JUCO and I can come and do a cam new, right, I'm outta there.


You got, you gotta be good. You gotta be good to, I'm outta there. You gotta be good to pull that off though. You gotta be good. Hey, I like to think I am. It appears that Chicago comes and Sammy Sosa half re I mean, is this the old Sammy or the new Sammy? Light skinned or dark skinned savvy O Ocho. Hey, I don't, I don't, it depends. It depends which one I, I know one thing about it. Light skinned, dark skinned, no skin at all. That motherfucker can hit that ball. While Soa and the franchise has become famous and have, have remained at a distance throughout his retirement, Sammy released a statement today reminiscing about the members with the cubs and apologizing for his mistakes.


There were times I did whatever I could to recover from injuries in an effort to keep my strength and to perform over 62 games. You see what he did? You see he, did he, hold on, lemme back. Did Para I like, I like the, I like his word play. I like the word play the way he put it together. Now, There were times I did whatever I could to recover from injuries in an effort to keep my strength up, to perform over 162 games. He wrote, in part I never broke any laws, but in hindsight, I made some mistakes and I apologize. Mm. Okay. Cubs chairman, Tom Ricketts released his own statement and invited Sosa to the annual Cubs Convention in January.


The Cubs convention happens every winter and brings current and former players of a team together to look back at memories and look ahead to a new season with fans. Activities include panel conversation, autograph sessions, and Sosa sure would been invited to one in the past if he and the franchise remain in good graces with each other. However, Rick has remained steadfast in his position that Sosa wouldn't be welcome back to the team without an apology. Whoa. Sosa was one of the players, one of the players from his generation tied to an alleged performance enhancing drug use, which surely why he's not in the Hall of Fame. While he didn't admit to using his apology, he hinted at the potential use.


And he said there were times I did whatever I could to recover from injuries. His departure after the Cubs in 2004 season was also far from ceremonies as he refused to play the final 20 games of the season. Still final game was, was it one game? Oh, it was the final game. Excuse me. He refused to go in and play the final game still more than 20 years ago. At this point, both sides appear ready to move forward and let bygones be by. That's A good thing. That's a good thing. Listen, Sosa is one of the greatest, greatest sluggers of our time, despite whatever it is he had to take to make sure he kept his strength and was able to play throughout, throughout Able, A whole lot ain't but a whole lot you could do.


Yeah, yeah. To maintain your strength, you Right by that. But listen, he, he, he, he, he's one of the best. I know there's an asterisk, you know, beside everything he's accomplished when it comes to, to baseball. It's an era that we lived in. You know, it's an era that we lived in, this and that during, during that time. I'm not, I'm, I'm not condoning it, I'm, I'm not, I'm not saying that. But, you know, he's, he's one of the greats, regardless. He's apologized for, he's made his mistakes and I'm glad they can, they can set their, their differences aside and move forward. Had, here's the thing, Ojo, what made it so obvious is that you look at his career early, I think he started off with the Rangers and then the Minnesota and then Chicago, or was it Rangers, cubs.


But if you look at what he did before, it wasn't even close. I mean, you wanna say, if you wanna say bonds, but I'm old enough to remember bonds in Pittsburgh. Right. Bonds run. Even if you take, take, if you take bonds, take those four MVPs that he went in San Fran. Right. And you take the numbers from San Fran, he's still a Hall of Fame. Yeah, Okay. Rangers White Sox. I, I knew it was, it was a couple of teams before he got to the Cubs. Yeah. Even if, even if you take, say Barry, if, even if you say Barry did what he did in San Francisco, take that away.


Go back and look at the Gold gloves. Look at the, the Silver Slug Awards. Look at the MVP. He won before he got there. What helped Barry? What people don't realize that when Barry came up, he was a lead off hitter. Lead off hitters have incredible eyes because your job is to get on base. Yeah. If you got legs, you can still, that's why he has those home. That's why Barry got what set we got five. He's only member of the 500, 500 club. Yeah. He had incredible legs. He has an incredible eye. But the simple fact, he was a lead off guy. Now he has power. He still has that eye. And you got him hitting third or you got hitting fourth or, and he's the, you make one mistake.


The, the most impressive thing that I saw Barry do, he would get one pitch a night to hit Right. And he was gonna hit it hard off the fence, or he's gonna hit it in Macy's cold, one or the other. He gonna do one or the other. Hell he won Jeff Kennedy, the MVP because I'd rather pitch to you than pitch to Barry. It, it's, it's really that simple. Right? But to see, to watch that, that stretch when he got to San Fran in like 90, like 99, 2001 two, right? Yeah. You never gonna see it again. It's like tiger. What you saw Tiger do in that, in that, that period of time, you're not gonna see it again.


Nah, you're not ho Cho


Apple Cart is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. You can apply on your iPhone in minutes and start using it right away. You'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products that Apple like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Start holiday shopping for your friends and family today with Apple card subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic


reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Ho Toko from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So join us every morning on NBC to make today your hope for the Holidays.


Congratulations to CBS Sports and Sony Electronics for their first place wins for innovation in industry. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business in a collaboration that was clearly built on breaking new ground CBS and Sony created a first of its kind broadcast for the PGA championship using a custom built T-Mobile private 5G network to power the live production. They deployed a 5G wireless camera system throughout the event. The network speed combined with Sony's innovative ultralow latency video codec allowed for seamless high quality footage without disruption. With that innovative approach, CBS gave broadcasters the tools they need to do what they do best, take their coverage to entirely new places. These innovations will shape the way live sports are covered moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, Sony and CBS for their unconventional thinking.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball, we do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about fade this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. Yeah. All you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games, they've come in and haven't scored 20 points. And you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this. We'll, we will talk about books and, and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Rapper Paul Wall, Paul Wall Drive Slow homie is it says that he did not know he was white until a classmate told him. I was like, what you mean? Yeah. Paul playing around Things in my mouth looking like a DLE ball. I think he, he had, he was probably being sarcastic Drive flow homie Sitting on, I don't even know the lyrics of the songs, man. Paul Wall. Look, I, I don't know, maybe he hung around with, you know, sometimes kids, they, they hang around with black people so much.


They eat at their house, they spend time at their house, they spend time at your house. You like, Hey, I'm one of them. I mean, yeah, ba basically They don't, they don't call you outside of your name. They don't refer to you as the right call you a hawkey or You know, Fault cracker or something like that. So they just call you, Hey man, Paul back, come on, he one of us. And that's what you become based on your surroundings and when That's what you become. Yeah. Yes. Right. And so, but you know, we got a lot of cousins, man. That's my cousin. Y'all really kidding. Nah, he just stay At my house so much. We, we ain't blood related. Right. But we around each other so much. I mean, man, my hometown, like, hey, that's my sister.


That's, I'm not sisters. Right. But when you around somebody so much because we, you know, we quick to claim somebody. Oh yeah. That my cousin Black folk That my cousin, Everybody's some kin to you. It is. Hey. And you know, we, it don't even matter. I mean, I'm like, hold on. I mean, you pushing it once you get past second. Right. Because now you start talking about third and fourth. That's, we call that dog Ken. I'm close Ken to a German shepherd than I am. Hey, first. Okay. Hey brother, sister, brother, brother, first cousin after that.


Okay, that second cousin, man, you start getting out there was so confident that he could play in cold weather until learning this week's forecast. KI played in cold weather before. How cold is it supposed to be reporter? 30 5K ish. You know, 35 ain't bad now 35 is good football weather. When you in, when you living Arizona? Okay. Hey, you live in Arizona? You live in California. You live in Texas. Yeah. Texas. Yeah. You know you live in the, you know the west coast aren't your Yeah.


They used to get different. But here's the thing. Cold is like, okay, I gotta go to my car, I gotta go outside. Right. But when you in it for 2, 3, 4 hours Yeah. It is cold. It's just like being, man, it ain't that hot. You ain't gotta work outside in it, Which Is you go from your house, get it, your air conditioned home, get into your air conditioned car, going to an air conditioned building. Right now imagine being outside in a hundred plus degree temperature for three, four hours or at least three hours and practicing in it two hours, two and a half hours. I well they don't rac they don't, they, I mean most of the time it's meetings now they don't, they ain't practicing like what we used to do.


It was, you know, you was outside. There wasn't no walkthrough, wasn't no meetings. You actually practiced. Right. And before you got there, we it up. You know what I'm saying? We it up in the moment. Yeah. Alright, Ocho. Yeah. Woo. Now it's time for SpellO Cinco NFL Player Edition. Whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. I like that. I like the, I like what you called it. I like you saw this. I like this because I, I honestly, I shouldn't get nobody name wrong.


You should not the first word. We're gonna let you spell. This is an easy one. Okay. He was a great defensive player outta the University of Nebraska. Okay? Okay. He went number two overall to the Detroit Lyons. The first word is end, end soup, but you have to spell end. Okay. End. End, Yes. N-D-A-M-K-U-H-M Close damn N-D-A-M-U-K-O-N-G in Domin.


Man. Boy, that's a good one. Now that's a good, that's, that was, that was a good one. That was a good one. It been Well, how about this one? Ocho how about Oay? O Diga? Come on man. That's, that ain't no real name. Obe wabe. O diggy O diggy. So I'll just let you spell the last word. The last name. O diggy O Odi. Nah, we gonna, we gonna make it easy on him, huh? O Diggy. Yes. O diggy. O diggy Diggy Zoo. What? Odi.


I-W-G-Y-Z-O-O-A-H I mean, that's what it sound like. Nah, I I'm Odi I It's O-D-I-G-H-I-Z-U-W-O. Diggy zoa. See that? See these, these, these are, these, these are difficult. These are very, very difficult. Now, I'm not sure nobody in the chat, unless you are of, of that ethnicity or that culture where you understand the spellings of these. That's why I'm getting these wrong. So y'all gotta bear with me Now, Ocho, these, these a ain't nobody on the first glass go ever get these, right?


So Hoi who? Ho ho o No, it's ho o ho. Oh hell nah. Who is that He from? No man Ocho. I'm gonna spell a, I can't even pronounce it so I know you not gonna, Hey, Who did he play for? He used to play for the, the Thera? No, the the, the Rams. Did he play for the Rams?


He played for the Patriots. Now is that the tight end? Retired. Oh, he retired Ocho. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. But Ocho, you was never gonna get this one. It's H double O-M-A-N-A-W-A-N ui. Yeah, I definitely gonna get that. Listen, honestly, I'm gonna give you one. We gonna get you a one. One. Yep. Vt. V-I-T-A-I. No VA ia. Come on man. Golly man.


Okay, how about this one? Okay. Okay, I'm ready. I'm ready, I'm ready. I got this one. Tongue, Oval, lower. Oh, Tua? Yes. Tonga ba loa. T-U-N-G-A-V-A-L-O-A-T-A-G-O-V-A-I-L-O-A. Oh, what Aga Loa I come from. Man. Man, I like it. I like this. I like it. Hey man, you get them Samoan. Hey, ain't no chance. Ain't no chance you get that. Or you get some of these, some of these, I think Diga, Nigerian.


Nigerian, I think even Nigeria. No chance. Not At all. Zero at all. No way. The Samoans and the Nigerian, we ain't spending none of them. And they probably called o Diggy Zoo. They probably, oh, double O. Hey. Yeah, I ain't get that. You ain't get that one? Oh, Joe. Yeah. Okay. That one didn't go well. We go, we gonna have to get you some basketball. We gonna get basketball next time. Yeah, that, that, that'll work. That, that like, like out outta outta outta Giannis kampo Giannis.


Yeah. However you say it. Yeah. That Greek freak. Yeah. Okay, Now it's time Dunk on Unc. Here we go. Here we go. Chat. I'm gonna get my revenge right here. Why you gotta get your revenge ocho? Because I mean, listen, I mean, you, you've asked me like, there's nobody, I don't even think anybody in the chat, unless, again, unless there's their, their culture or their, their ethnicity and no, If you're from that culture, if you're Nigerian, you could like phonetically you kind of know. Yeah. If you're Samoan, yeah, you probably like, okay, so yeah, Pacific Highlander or something like that.


You probably like, okay, phonetically. But if you not, you not spelling none of them. Okay, here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. All right, let's listen to the question. Listen to the, the question carefully. So when you answer it, I don't want to, you know, no feedback, I'm cheating. No, I'm no nuh listen. But you known for that. But okay, let's go. Who was the first player in NFL history to record? 1000 yards rushing and 1000 yards receiving in the same season? He played fullback. Okay.


I would give you the year, but you didn't ask for the year, but it would be Roger Craig. He was the first to do it. Damn, What the fuck? Shit. Okay. I think the season was 1985. Damn. You gave you gave me the year two little cherry on top. Huh? Little icing on the cake, huh? I I didn't want to do that, but Yeah. You feel you're feeling real good about yourself? Huh? I feel good. I don't want because you ain't getting that one right. So I want, I can retire. Lemme hold it. What's that? WW email com? Actually, technically that's not, that's not email or.com because you were playing. I'm logged on though. Okay. This dial You, you were playing during this time, so it doesn't count.


Obviously you would know that. So here we go. I ain't playing this time, but I didn't get you league until 90, But you was watching You talking. I played. Okay, here we go. Who was the only NFL player to score a touchdown before turning 20 years old? Yeah. Yeah. How about that? Ooh, we, Yeah. Yeah. What happened to that dial up? The only court, the only player, the only Player scored Touchdown To score a touchdown before turning 20 years old. Oh yeah.


Played for the Houston, Texas, didn't he? No sir. That is incorrect. Before turning 20. Oh, Yes sir. I know what kind of dialup you got. Got the internet, got a, a break in the connection. Okay. Must be cricket. Oh man. Who did he play for? You want, you want clues? This ain't jeopardy. Oh man. I don't know.


Can I take a guess? Yes. 20 years old. If I say he played for this team, will you tell me he played for this team? Nope. Okay. Tell me where he went to college. I ain't doing all that, but that, that, If you tell me where he went to college at, that's A dead giveaway. No, it's not. Yeah, it's, do you know, bro, do you know how many NFL players went to college? All of them. Yeah, But that, I mean, it would still be a dead giveaway because baseball, you can, you can kind of, you can kind of eliminate certain people and Nah. Nuh Okay. Tell me what position you played. I can't do that. The, the question was, who was the only NFL player to score touchdown before turning 20 years old?


That is all the information I can give you. Oh. Oh, it's somebody, oh yeah, yeah. Lemme ask you A question. I know it's somebody I know that, Lemme ask you a question. Did he play in the a c or the NFC? Come on. Hey, come on man. I, I, I mean I called. Come on Now. Hey, I can't disclose this information. This is what you do to me. When I, when I, when I ask for, for help you, you don't disclose the information, so I can't disclose the information to make it easier for you to answer the question at hand. I'm, I'm sorry. There, there's nothing I can do. I, my hands are tied.


I want to say, I wanna say play for the Raiders. Okay. And the steels. Okay. Am I close? I don't know. I'm disagreeing with you. Oh my goodness. That fact, I don't know. Hey, we're babe. Hold on, hold On, hold on. Come on. Right here. Come here.


Whatcha crying for you? You ready yet? And don't be cheating. I know you're trying to Google it. I know. I see you. I see you. Your phone. Nah, I don't, I won't get it. I won't get it. Okay. I'm not gonna get it. Oh, you're not, you're not gonna get it. You, you ready? You want the answer? No? Yeah, I mean, I, it, it was, somebody put it in the chat. Yeah, but I ain't, okay, Well, the, the answer, Chad, see what Other shit that it was that Jeff, it was that Jeff's running back, wasn't it? Andy Livingston of the Chicago Bears, 19 years old. Andy Livingston.


Oh no, I never got that. Yeah. Okay, here we go. You ain't gonna get this, you ain't gonna get this one either. Youngest. Who's the youngest NFL player, player ever drafted? Ever? Kobe. Ah, you got it. Well, you need his Texas, you need his last name. Oh, he didn't play his knees, gave out on him. Mojo. He from Louisville, His knees gave out.


Yeah, he only played like a couple of years ago, Joe. Yeah, but I, Hmm. Oh my goodness. He was Houston, Texans Co was there. So co got to Houston in 2000 and after the Super Bowl, after they lost, I can't co what's a Kobe's last name?


I can't think of his last name, but I, I I, I I got it all right. That's why I thought it, that's why I asked you what the, the first guy did he score? 'cause I know he got drafted at 19. All right. The the, What's His name? His name is Amoy ACO drafted to the Houston Texans at the age of 20 years old. So did you get that one right or no? No. Good. I told you you weren't gonna get it right. Here we go. You're not gonna get this one right either, Which get this, which Trust me, you're not finna get this right. Which player holds a record for the longest and interception return for a touchdown in a Super Bowl?


James Harrison. Okay. I guess the Arizona card. Pittsburgh Stadium. How many yards was that? You saying who hold it? You didn't ask me how many yards was, But the, the question was, who holds record for the longest interception return? James Harrison. Yeah, but if It's the interception return, how long is it return? But you didn't ask that. You say who holds the record, which means the name Chad. Y'all see how he tried to do with Chad? I'm saying y'all see how he tried to do with Chad? You can't, you can't say the name without the record. Yes. You said who holds the record. You didn't say who holds the record and how long was the return? You said who holds the record so that I just give you the name.


James Harrison. Okay. All right. We we go cheating. All right, la last one, right? Maybe go last one right here. Which quarterback set the rookie record for the most touchdown passes in a single season? Oh, he played tonight. Justin Herbert. Oh man, he cheating. Nah man, baby Paint Manning had the record. Baker Mayfield broke the record. Justin Herbert broke his record. Yeah, tell him stop cheating baby. Say he stop cheating. Tell him stop cheating. No, The connection back. Connection back working. Y'all just little, just temporary down, just little temporary down low, you know, had to get it fun.


You had troubleshooted this thing.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championship seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, LaCour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Hoda from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So join Us every morning on NBC to make today your home for the holidays. Congratulations to the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine for the first ever Malcolm Gladwell Tipping Point designation. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business.


The university used integrated IOT devices and 5G solutions from T-Mobile to enable multiple synchronized health monitors, allowing for real-time remote data collection and analysis. The initiative will shape patient care moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine,


Good sleep should come naturally and with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Alright Guys, it's time for our last segment of the evening. Now it's time for q and eight. You wanna say hi? Say hi to unc. Say hi News 8 64 said Unc, if your team didn't win, you shouldn't say foot or ball. Charge charge nation. I should have. I shoulda have never, ever, ever, But you ain't gonna lay that down. True. Infamous 73. If your team lost today, you can't say foot or ball. Oh, y'all get a kick outta this, but guess what? Got something for y'all next week. What's Gonna happen next week?


Beat the Bengals. Y'all not gonna beat us, man. Hey, chasing T might have 400 yards a piece That ain't gonna get it. Nick Nuno said Your Broncos got handled. I would say we got handled, but we did lose. And that's all that matters. You know, win by a little or you win by a lot. Fact of the matter charges us won. They would've, they would've better team tonight. Unc can't say foot or ball tonight. Y'all just have y'all the good old time, ain't it? UNC and Ocho, Caesar, Leo Punk and Ocho, the new Jordan Pippin salute. Thank you bro.


Aaron Owen said, is Eric Williams versus Reggie White the best tackle versus pass rush battle of all time? No. My God. That's a good one. That was, that was a good one. Who who? What about Lawrence Taylor? Did Lawrence Taylor have any left tackles that were really good? Were the battles with them were really good or he just dominated? Yeah, they were really good. There were a lot of pro tackles, but Joe Gill put the H back in to help the left tackle To chip him. He made the left tackle famous. He made two positions. He's the only player that made two position famous. He made the left tackle famous and he made the outside linebacker famous because the, the chop, it wasn't good enough for him to sack the quarterback.


He wanted the ball, right? Oh yeah. And then if you didn't have a left tackle that could block him, you couldn't win. No. Everybody went and got left tackles. Look at the, they you have to Georgia, Kobe, they got Jim Lache. They went and got Irv Eman, they got Gary Zimmerman. They, you had, you had to have a left tackle if you wanted to beat the Giants. If you couldn't block him, you couldn't win. Mm. Dope. DJ say Uncle Ocho when talking about Vic and Norfolk State, make sure y'all pronounce Norfolk. No, it's Norfolk. Behold the big 7 1, 7, 5 7. Everybody from the 7, 5 7, they know that area. That's the, I think that's, that's Hampton area, isn't it?


And that's nor because Vic ai, a lot of those guys from that area. Yeah. Vic, AI, rest, soul, sweet Pea Whitaker from that area. From area. They had some, they had some athletes come out there. Hey, Norfolk, Norfolk State. He had Norfolk or Norfolk State. Norfolk State, okay. Yeah, that's the same thing. They Were the green and gold. Right? Green and gold. Yeah. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy said, UNC, you're near an incredible milestone with almost 150 million episodes of Club Shehe under your belt. And the show has guarded over 900 million views on YouTube.


How does that make you feel? Well, what makes me really feel good is that how well it's been received that people like listening, people like watching. It's always great. The guest has been amazing. You know, we try to have a mixture of guests that we think is gonna be entertaining, that can share parts and aspects of their life, work, whatever the case may be. But that's an unbelievable feeling. I mean, 150. Wow. Well we got, I think we got a, I think we put got 50 of those episodes this year because we, we was cranking about, and we just taped one tape one yesterday, we got about, so by the time we come back on in January, we're not gonna release anymore this, because Christmas is next Wednesday and then you got New Year's.


It just didn't make sense for us to release anything. So, but it makes me feel good, doc. It really does. The team has worked incredibly hard. CJ and his staff do an incredible job. The booking team does a great job of lining up guests from when, what? I don't DM people, so Hopefully no one takes offense when I, I DM them. So, 'cause I don't really have anybody's number like that ocho. So I, I DM a lot of people and, and ask would they be interested? And so we got some very interesting people lined up at the top of the year. So hopefully you guys and Doc, I appreciate that. Hopefully we hit that 1 billion mark, which is 900 million in, in four years.


That's an incredible number. So thank you for everybody that's watched, that's listened, that's shared, that's mentioned. Thank you. What's good Nightcap question for UNC and Ocho. If you were both actors and if you was able to remake a movie, what movie would it be? Well, that's a good Harlem Night. That's Harlem Night. Ooh, that's a good one. You know what I would wanna be in Coming to America? Coming to America or, or life Harlem Knight's of Life. That's classic. Classic. Those, those Harlem Nights are life. Yep. Coming to America.


Oh, that would be dope. Yes. Pat Doves and Uncle Ocho de book recently made a post with his 96 Impala. What car would you get yourself from the year y'all was born? Oh Camaro. 68. 78. I don't, I don't like really nothing. I don't really like nothing in 78. You better get a Caprice, a Caprice classic. A big body 4 54. Yeah, but you know, the Caprice is for me. The ones I actually like are the, the 71 to 71 to 70 threes, 71 to 75. So yeah, 71 to 75. Yeah. And as I saw in D book thing, he only had 86 miles on there.


Really? Yeah. Was it a rebuilt, I don't know what it was, but, and that the clean, I'm talking about clean as hell. Like it just came off the showroom flow only had 86 miles. He posted a picture of the car and then the picture of the mileage. He got the charger, the Mustang. I I, I'm not really a Mustang guy. Yeah, listen now let the Shelby, the Cobra. I like, you know, I'm a show. I like Chaves obviously the, the, the, the Hemis Mopar, you know the Cuda super Bee road runner.


I remember my aunt used to date a guy had a road runner and you press the button and the horn blew just like, just like the Roadrunner. Me, me, That was, but I'll probably, I would probably, yeah, I'll probably do 68 Camaro. I wanna get an old car so bad. But you know what I'm gonna do? We going, I'm gonna go to the SEMA Auto Show this year. Where? That's at Vegas Said I'm, I need to go. We need to go to, we need to go to Mecu. Hey Mecu, if y'all out there, y'all need to invite OCHO and I to a car show. I'm go, I'm going too because I'm gonna buy me something. I don't know if I'm gonna buy nothing.


I ain't got no bread Like that. See, matter of fact, speaking of buying, yeah. Somebody I think for Christmas, somebody get me a cyber truck. That what you thinking? Yeah, I'm, that's what I'm thinking. I'm thinking Wednesday morning I'm gonna have me a little cyber truck, so. Oh, I see your little old begging, old begging Santa Claus. What you mean You, Roberto Guapo your uncle Ocho. If someone who never watched football before, what game from your eras of football would you recommend I watch? Well, if you watch my era, always watch Bengals.


Steelers, Bengals, Browns. Yeah. Bengal, no, Bengals, Steelers, Bengals, Ravens. Just watch, just watch that. Just watch me get beat up and get up, talk trash, watch me get beat up, get up, talk trash. And I just keep doing the same thing over and over and over. You'll enjoy those What games. But I don't think he meant we didn't have to play in it. It just game from my era that recommended we watched. Oh. To Watch. Oh, I thought he meant up. Yeah. No, I didn't even watch no game. But I just watched people, I watched, I just watched receiver highlights sitting there watching the whole game.


You'll be born. Hey, that shit be born. Yeah. Well you watching I from Arrow, you watching hitting you watching people getting, getting carted off because they took no whole barn. Those safeties back in those days. Were laying folks out Completely. So if you want hits, go back and check to the, and go back to the nineties. Mr. J Bassett. Uncle Ocho. Hey uncle, you played with my cousin Reggie Johnson. I did Reggie in Denver, you also played with my buddy Tim Johnson, Youngtown State in Baltimore. They say your people, we enjoy the show.


Tim was the guy that imitated me at the hard knocks. That was Tim with the Ravens. When I was there in 2001, the first year of hard knocks in existence, I played with Reggie Reggie's from Florida State. Reggie had a girlfriend named Monica. And every Thursday she would cook. Yeah, Monica, if somebody get this to Monica, hey Monica, I need some of them, some of that chicken and that yellow rice. I just need a pot. Man, that child could cook. Yeah. Thur Tuesday night and Thursday night. Now I don't, I don't know why she cook on Thursday night.


Because first of all, Reggie would, Reggie would gonna struggle to make weight and, and all she had on, I was really the only one over there that struggle to make everybody else was struggling to make weight. But th Tuesday night was Monday night or Tuesday. Well they, they gambled every night. But it was really like Tuesday night. It was like Monday night because football gave low Monday night, then we play cards, roll dice and Monica would cook nachos, chicken and rice, whatever. Lord have mercy. That child could cook. It was Lord have mercy.


Good like that. Huh? What Man? I told Rey, I said man, re I see why your ass can't lose no weight, man. I can't eat like, I mean, and she cooked like she cooked like this for Rey every single day. Damn. I'm talking about heavy. I'm talking about Salisbury steak, I'm talking about fried chicken. I'm talking about chicken and rice. I'm talking about nachos with the, with the the ground beef. It, I mean she cook every day and she cook it enough for 10, 15 people every day. Damn. I said Lord have mercy.


So Monica, if somebody get this to Monica, she'll know exactly who I'm talking about. Senior boy. Part of that chicken in yellow Rice Pharaoh. Peace said ugly ocho. Can y'all wish my sister asked me a happy birthday December 19th? She's a huge longtime Bronco fan. And what's the best, funniest, worst pregame speeches you've ever heard, Ashley, happy birthday. Thank you guys for supporting us, Pharaoh. We greatly appreciate your support, man. Happy birthday. It's people like you that make it possible for us to do what we do the best. The funniest. Oh my God, Man, look, Joe Frazier once gave us a pep talk boxing.


I ain't hear a word. He, yeah, I ain't hear a word he said. I ain't hear a word he said, but we was listening. Yeah. Avenue 77. What's good UNC Ocho. Can you wish my little brother Jermaine a happy birthday and he still serves in the military coming from his bro. Deandre. Hey Jermaine. Happy birthday bro. Congratulations on, he didn't tell us your age, but bro, first of all, we wanna take time out to thank you. Not just you, but all the servicemen and women. Yes sir. Around the world that keeps this country safe because of you. Men, women and men like yourself.


It allows people in America to do what we do on a day-to-day basis. But we could not do it without you guys and gals being on that wall making sure everything is akay here in America. So thank you. And Deandre, thank you man. Thanks for getting out out to us. Thank you for your support. And tell Jermaine when you see him, uncle Ocho say happy birthday and thank thank, thank him for his service to this country. No, that concludes this episode of Nightcap. The Chargers take down the good guys by the score of 34 27 and put themselves in prime position. So they need to win another game and they'll secure a playoff spot.


The Broncos need to win or tie one of their last two games to ccle a playoff spot. And I believe we're going to do it. I believe we're gonna do it. So thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite aunt. That guy right there is Liberty City's own. He's a Liberty City legend. A bingo, a bingo ring of Fame honoree, a pro bowler or all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure y'all hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for your support and your continued support. Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter's. The holidays are here.


What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter? Now if you can't find any city or state near you, order it online and we'll get it right to your door. One more favor, please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Our newest release just dropped last week. We got shirt sweats. We've also released stocking stuff for such as beanies, cruises, and mugs. Quantities are limited, so please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for the Sub Bowl show in New Orleans. It's our first spring top spring tour stop. And the tickets are on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat.


February 6th in New Orleans. Be there. I promise you don't wanna miss it. We got some very exciting guests lined up for you. We've been nominated for two sports podcast awards. Best Americans Football podcast and Best Sports Comedy podcast. Please go vote for us. The link is pinned at the chat on us. The link is pinned in the chat, and it's also on our social pages and in our social bios. Someone just asked what they asked. How can I buy a bottle of Las Shave by LaPorte the L They're gone. They gone, bro, I'm sorry. L is gone. I'm on my way. Second ball of e have an E already, but want to make sure I can get them all.


They, they release in limited in the limited timeframe. And so if I'm not mistaken, I think the the Ls are already gone and I'm sorry about that bro. Again, the charges defeated by team 34 to 27 and move one game win away from clenching a playoff spot. If the good guys, my team were to win or tie one of the last two games, they'll also be in the playoffs. So thank you guys for watching. I'm unc, he's Ocho. We'll see you Saturday night. Oh Yeah, The


Volume. Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, hell, who doesn't? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect the smoky flavor. That length of time you can fly from Miami to Los Angeles and back from Los Angeles to Miami. 12 long hours. That's about how long it takes Oscar Meyer to smoke their bacon. There's no wrong way to enjoy it, so buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon right now


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check.


Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Leco, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely. Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm.


The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Hey, what's up guys? I'm Fred Warner, linebacker for the San Francisco 49 ERs. The holidays get really busy for me, but I still wanna pull up to events. Looking in my freshest abercrombie's latest drop of party looks is taking me through the season for date nights, hanging out with the fellas and even New Year's Eve. They have outfits for every occasion. I'm big on sweater, polos and trousers with a wool blend coat over top for those really fancy holiday events. Abercrombie has suiting options too. Shop Abercrombie for every night out.