
Hey, friend. I know how this feels. Waking up exhausted after multiple trips to the bathroom and feeling embarrassed by sudden leaks. I used to be constantly on edge searching for a restroom whenever I was out. Then I discovered better woman. I was skeptical at first, but two months in, everything changed. I experienced improved bladder control. No more heart stopping moments when I laugh or sneeze. Less urge to go deeper and more restful sleep. I finally felt like myself again. Confident and in control. Better woman is natural, effective, clinically tested and trusted by women for over 25 years. Ready to take back your control. Head over to be better now. Dot com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Use as directed individual results may vary


The Volume. We got more details on the Shado fall. According to Boomer Seon, multiple team owners ordered their coaching staff to remove Shado from the draft pool. Would that be called Collusion Boomer? I'm just curious. Would that be called collusion or no? Hold on, hold up. Let, okay, boomer said they took him off and they took him off because the owner said, take him off. I don't want that guy. No. If an owner, if I say Joe, if I own a restaurant, I say Joe, and Joe is the head Shef Joe, I don't want you to sell lobster.


Okay? There's another owner that has a seafood shop. Joe, I don't want you to sell lobster. No. You hear reports. He didn't take it as seriously as he needed to. He go, I don't look at the end of the day, I, for me, let's just say everything everybody's saying is true, Ocho, I really don't know what else to add. I think the thing is, is that sometimes, You know, maybe he looked at it like, You know, my dad, You know, the Giants asked the dad for an interview. Ty asked him, say, when y'all picking, like, we picking 16. Ty said, y'all, I ain't gonna be there when y'all pick and got up and walked out. But you talking about a, you talking about a a transcendent, you talking about a, a historically great player.


Everybody can't do that. Remember we talked about it two years ago, a year, two years ago, Joe, about Marvin Harrison Jr. How he didn't work out. He didn't do nothing. I said, Ocho, everybody can't do that. You got to be, you've got to be legit, legit beyond legit, right? In order to pull a punch like that. Or they will humble you. They'll, and so I look, oh, Joe, unless you get people that was making those decisions, right? And ask them flat out and says, what was it about Shado that you didn't like? And why didn't you select him such and such, such and such? Other than that, it's all gonna be speculation and ain't no spec.


I'm know, I've worked with Boomer for a decade. We done been around the game too long now. We done been around the game too long. Yes. You know what it was you do? I believe owners told, do I believe people told Boomer that? Yes, I do. Yes, of course. It's, it's, it's the same thing. I said, we've never seen anything like that before. For someone to be graded that high on, on draft boards throughout the entirety, not just the season, but right before the draft and to all of a sudden to go in the fifth round. I never said it was anything, anything about race. Forget race, throw race out the door. I'm talking about the humbling process. I'm talking about the, the, the, the, the, the collective decision of collusion amongst those, You know what, the Sanders family is different.


The Sanders family is different. It's different. Lemme ask you, lemme lemme ask you this Joe, before you go, lemme ask you this, Joe. Let's just say for the sake of argument, we say graded. We're talking about male kai for grades. Todd McShay grades. We're talking about Peter Schrager. We're talking about Lou Riddick. We talking about Bucky Brooks. What about the team grades? Those are the grades that we need to see because at the end of the day, the people that grade that we read the male Kiper, the Todd McAdee, the Peter Sch Schrager, and this one and that one, it don't make no decision. Yeah. So in other words, Joe, I need to see the grade that the 32 teams have on Shado and now.


'cause what if they, what if they had him middle, a middle round drafting a late round draft? The devil is a lie. The devil is the devil is a lie. We'll never know. We'll never know. Listen, the scout, the scouts, Mel Kuper Lewis, Lewis Reddick, and everyone else who's been doing this for eons of years, have the same eyes, the same set of eyes that the GMs and the scouts have. Now, if you watch Shado and a lot of people on, You know, on Twitter and, oh, he's not that good, man. What, what are y'all, what are you, what are we talking about? Are you watching the game of football? I've been watching for a very long time, actually. A actually since I was four years old. Matter of fact, I played the position who had to catch the ball from the goddamn quarterback.


So I know what it looks like when the quarterback's actually decent. Come on man. I think it's gonna work out for him, man. I think, You know, like I said, all, all the talk about all this, the fact that he got an opportunity on Uncle Ocho. Mm. I think he gonna take full advantage of it, man. And it looks like he may get a, a chance sooner than later, You know? Yeah. Sometimes, man, I, I hope so. But, but you but this might not be a bad Joe. You know, sometimes. I know, I know. It might not be a bad I agree. Sometimes. Sometimes, man, it just like, people want to see failure.


People like, look, there's, there's 50% of the people don't care that you have a problem. The other 50% glad you got 'em. Yeah. So in other words, they don't give a damn about you. 50% don't care. You got a problem. The other 50% glad you got the problem. Yeah. Yeah. And it ain't down here 50%. Hey, so it it do. At the end of the day, there ain't nothing. We, you, we can speculate and we can surmise. But at the end of the day, when you get your opportunities, that's what I, that's what I always felt. Ocho I thought I was gonna be somewhere between a first and a third round draft pick. You know? Hey, I only heard from two teams.


Guess what? The two teams that called me Ocho. Say what? What's your phone number? Where you gonna be? Shut the fuck up next door. Cincinnati Bengals were one. Hey. And the Seattle Seahawks. And they, you ain't go to neither one of them. Hey, they didn't want your boy. I'm telling you. Shado Shado. It is, it is Shado. It's a blessing. It's a blessing though. They haven't had a quarterback. And since Bernie Coard, they went through a quarterbacks, they had a, a quarterback carousel for a very long time. And I guarantee this is the blessing for him and him ending up there and having to work his way, work his way from the bottom back up.


I, I like it. I I like it for him. I like it for him. He, he built for this who he built for this. One of my good, one of my good. Go ahead over there. Who he gotta throw to over there? Jerry, Judy, Jerry, Judy, David, KU, how you say it? Ku. Ku. They just, they just, yeah, they just, they just added Deontay Johnson. Who, who? Deontay Johnson. Yeah. He's another, he's a real twitchy. Another, another route runner similar to Jerry Judy. I like it. He gonna, he gonna be all right. Yeah. He gonna be all right. Chris Carter, good friend of mine brother in the hall of Pro Football Hall of Fame alongside me.


See what off on your door. Throwing away at least 30 to $50 million in the NFL draft and makes it clear he doesn't believe the NFL owners colluded against him. Shado and his family overplayed their hands. They taught him a great lesson. They did. They'll, every ocho You know, people, we look at Archie and Eli's situation. Yeah. Remember how I told your, I said, look, you gotta evaluate your situation based on your situation. You can't be looking at somebody else and how they treated them. In fact, you gonna get that same type of treatment, but you, You know, you ain't gonna get that same type of treat. 'cause it is different. They can do that. Okay.


Oh, okay. Look, look, they, they can do, can do that. But we supposed, but we supposed to know that going in. Well, You know, see, if I were to, if, if I already know what I'm up against, I ain't got no problem. 'cause I already know what I'm up against. See, that's why we study tape ocho, because that, I need to know what you going to do on first down, second down, third down, what you gonna do on third and short, 30 long, sir. Second Red zone. This area of the field. So I know I have a pretty good idea. Yes, sir. Now you go in the game and you don't know Ojo. Come on. Now You know how this go. Mm. They, they will remind you. I don't have to learn a lesson between, once I don't have to learn a lesson.


But once, don't you? Yeah. Okay. I can tell you what my grandmother never told my ass up for, for something I did twice because she, she, she, she shut down on you the first time. Okay? Yeah. Okay. You learn. Lesson learned. Damn. It's a tough lesson. It's a tough lesson to learn. Meanwhile, Shado arrived in Cleveland and is already putting in the work for the upcoming season. Shado is ready to prove all the haters wrong. Hey, I got a question. Yes. Since I, obviously, if I cut myself right now, obviously, You know, I, I bleed black and orange Cincinnati at heart.


Can I get a Shado Santa Jersey? No, they, Cincinnati, Cleveland. Y'all bitter rivals. I know we bitter rivals, but like, so, okay, see, that's, that's tough. That's, that's a good Chad. What y'all think, You know, You know I'm Cincinnati, but I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm a fan. I'm, I'm a fan of, of, of, of, of Shado. So what? No, no. Yeah. Don't go get, go get the Jersey ocho. Hey, but don't wear it. Don't wear it though. You might even want to get a signature on it, man. It might be worth something. Okay. Okay. Bomb. I think I'm, I'm, I'm gonna do that. Yeah. I'm, I'm gonna do that. Matter of fact, matter of fact, when you get you one, you Think you can get me one? I can get you one. I get you one.


I got you. I got, matter of fact, I can get you some Dion's too. You want some shoes? I can get you some shoes. I ain't now don't threaten me with no good time here. Yeah.


Some matches are temporary, but your privacy shouldn't be with line two. You get a second phone line just for dating. No need to share your personal number until you're ready. You can chat, text, and even block numbers, all while keeping things fun and private. It's perfect for online dating line dates or just keeping things light when you're ready to move on. Line two, lets you cut ties without any drama. Dating should be fun and carefree. Line two keeps it that way. Ready to date on your terms. Visit line two.com/audio or download line two in the app store today.


Yeah, I, but, but I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm glad the draft is over. I mean, I don't know if we've had a prospect ojo that we've talked about more leading up to the draft during the draft after the draft. I don't know if we've had a player ojo in my time. I'm a little older than you and Joe that we've talked about as much as we talked about. Yeah. Most de when you turn the, he's probably when you turn the tape on, huh? I mean, you see it. I mean, he a hell of a quarterback, man. I mean, I think yeah. You know, he get a knock because of the, maybe he don't run as much as people would like him to, but he's a stand in the pocket dark thrower. You know what I mean? Right, right. He look it about, look, I, I, I don't know.


Look, I I think the thing is that when your dad is time and you're talking about athleticism out of the yang gang, but none of his kids are as athletic as him. None of his kids can run like he can. None of his kids can jump. Like he can. He bro, king Griff had Ken Griff on and he is like, he was, he used to go watch his son play Trey play and he is like, he was at, at the play and the guy said, boy, you nothing like your daddy. He didn't say gonna name five players more. Right. Okay. You talking about what? His sons are not like Dionne. Okay. Name five players that are like Dionne that has the athleticism that had that can do what he did in football and baseball.


Name five players that can do that. You can't see, You know, oh, I think this guy be, we always do this Joe, this guy be a heck of a basketball this guy be a heck of a football player or this guy be a heck of a basketball player. I ain't gotta say what I saw him do it. Yeah. You can't say, well man, he time could have played baseball. He did man. He'd been a good football player. He's legendary. He's historically transcendently great. And because your offspring doesn't display or doesn't have those skills, that doesn't mean they can't be great in their own right. For me, for him to make it as far as he did with his dad being who he is, I think that says a lot about the son.


And that says a lot about the dad by not handing them, giving them handouts, making them earn everything they got. And him, even though that's his dad wanting to get it on his own, the father should put his son in a situation. I have, I have means and I have access to some of the great coaches, some of the great quarterbacks, some of the great, You know, whatever, nutritionist. Okay. That's what you do. You set yourself, your kids up for success. You give them the best you owe your kids an education and to give them the best start possible, set 'em up to succeed. That's, and then after that, oh Joe, You know, you're like, oh, hopefully you've done a great enough job that they got it.


They got it figured out. Yeah. Now, hey, you might have to, You know, kickstart 'em again and the next time you might have to kick 'em in there, but hey, hopefully they, they figure it out. But after getting drafted, new Seahawks quarterback, Jalen Milroe says that's that he will be paying back his parents for all the money they spent while he was in college. I want to calculate all the miles, all the money my parents spent in college. I'm going to give it back, man. If I calculate all the money my mom gave me, they probably be to it all. Hey, I think that's dope though.


We, everyth is dope though. When, when You know them, these kids, 'cause they all, they all are kids coming into a lot of money, You know, being able to, You know, look back, You know, take care of your family first man, make sure moms grandma all them, make sure they straight because the sacrifices that they make it when we kids, bro. You know, that's everything. You know what I mean? Yeah. I mean, I I, Hey look, I remember, I remember my mama buying me $140 pair of shoes. We couldn't even pay light bill gas. Hear me? So we might have to go a couple days with the gas off. Ain't no hot water. Okay. I'm gonna have to go down here to grandma house for a little while. But you had the shown though, that was how it was. My grandma stayed by 10 houses down, so I go stay at grandma house, I come home, the lights off, the gas off.


I already know what time it is. I'm gonna go on down to come house for a little while. Took the back. Right. That's no, and that's the thing, my grandma, the sacrifices that she made, You know, you raise your own nine and then you take your mom's three and you love them more than you love your own nine. Oh, absolutely. That's my thought process. But that's, You know, that's, but that's why, that's why I do what I do. I mean, some people are like, well, hey, I don't have to give this, I don't have to do that. Okay. You don't, you don't because you are here because of a decision that you didn't make. Your parents made a decision to get together. You were created.


So you theoretically, you right. You got here by means that you didn't have anything to do with. Right. But me being the person that I am, Ocho man, I couldn't man, man, I think, I think that, I Think you see my grandma, all that, what she went through. Yeah. I, I think that would be any working and, and and, and working. My grandmother was a maid at the nursing home. Yeah. My grand was washing other people to take, watching they bodies and all that stuff. And I, I think that lemme get support. They couldn't have did for me. Yeah. Depending on, everybody got a different story. Huh? Everybody got a different story. But I think if you yeah, if you, if you, if you were to tell every story and pull back all the layers of it and talk about the sacrifices, mothers and grandmothers in the village, You know, it takes a village now, You know, it sometimes it just wasn't your mama, sometimes it wasn't just your, your grandfather or, or your father, You know, it's other people that also help you along the way and, and, and kept you in line.


Yeah. Because everybody wasn't always on a straight and narrow, You know, You know, during, during your adolescence. So there are many people that you want to, you want to look back and, and give them thanks. And then most, most of the time that thanks is, is through, You know, a way of, a way of finances. You know, because you didn't have to do that shit. I ain't have shoulder pads, I ain't have cleats. You know, I ain't had shoes to go to school. You know, there were people, there are people that help you along the way that you got to go back and it's such a great feeling to be able to, to be blessed, to be able to achieve and reach a childhood dream of yours where you always wanna go back and bless those that bless you along the way when you really had nothing.


Yep. It's a great feeling too, man. It's a great Yeah, man. Beautiful feeling. A man had to be rescued twice off of Mount Fuji Ocho. A man was airlifted from Mount Fuji, then he got rescued a couple of days later because, You know what? Don't you, he realized he had forgot his phone on top of the mountain. So he got up there and got stuck again. What, what kind of phone he got and I don't know what it was. It had just been, Hey listen, you better have it. He better have it on the cloud. Hey, it was, it was something in that phone not done the, the double back and go get it After knowing, knowing you done got lost. It's something in that phone ain't got no business now. And he ain't want nobody else to find it.


Ain't no way. But it's not, it's not known whether or not he was able to find the phone, but it did have to go locate. They did had to rescue him twice. Yeah. Something in that phone ain't got no business. Nah, I cl i I climbed. That's Mount Fuji, right? Yeah. I ain't never climbed Mount Fuji. I climbed Mount Everest before, but Mount Fuji must be different. If you got lost, you climbed Mount Everest. Oh yeah. Yeah. Boy, you should have seen me where I climbed Mount Everest back in, I think in the off season. That was 2000. Think seventh. Yeah, 2007. It ain't a lie that you ain't done, huh? No. Huh? I said it ain't a lie that you ain't done it ain't I noticed that. You know. I know. Hey, hey, You know, Hey, I, I didn't live too live Joe.


Joe. I didn't live two live boy. I didn't live too live. It, it was, it was a great climb. It was a great climb. I, I had had a tour guide with me to make sure I didn't get lost to make sure I didn't freeze at the time. The, the time was perfect after football season they called, they called Sher. Huh? They called Sher. Yeah, sure. I, I, yeah. Yeah, that's, I I don't, I didn't know the correct terminology. I just called 'em a tour guide to make sure I ain't get lost. I had, I had canned food, I had canned food, I had snacks with me, Joe Water. How long did it take? Huh? How long did it take? Shoot me, You know, I moved kind of fast. Well, it took about about seven hours. Mm. Yeah. To get up and down.


Okay. Yeah. That was me. You know, when I, once I start climbing, once I had, once I started climbing, You know, I don't stop now. What? Yeah. Say that, but you haven't. Yeah, but you had though hotel. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't, I done done about everything man. The only thing left for me to do a Joe is I'm going to Norway. Norway or New Zealand. And I'm assuming killer whales in the wild. You swimming with killer Whale. Yeah, man. That's, that's, that's, that's, that's my spirit animal, man. My, my whole left side of my, my whole, my of my leg. I got a long sleeve from the waist all the way to my ankle Killer wells and, You know, all type of just a aquatic stuff.


Having to deal with killer wells and that's, that's my la the last thing on my bucket list. And I'm, I'm good. I could just sit down and relax and, and, and tell my grandkids, tell my kids and yeah, it's, nah, that's it. I done done it all. Joe Ocho said it takes him like, took him like seven hours. Ocho. Yeah. Yeah. Joe, they said the average length of time to climb Mount ev average is about 50 to 60 days. Did you hear what you just said? You said the average, you said the average length of time, right Time. No, that's the fastest. I mean, most times it takes 'em 80 days takes 'em two and a half. Hold on, hold on, hold on them. Because you can only go because the altitude is so, so high. Yeah, it's high. It's high. You have, let tell you, you can't go be becau because I had, Hey, you get the bed.


Hey, hold on. I had on a, I had on my Hama suit, I had on Mym Hama suit. So the altitude didn't really affect me at all. It took me Yeah, you have to, I know you didn't take, I know you didn't do it on what you call em. Hold on. It took it a free climb. They say that average, that's for average people. Yes. You, I'm not average. You far from that. Far from, yeah. So I, I'm trying, he he reading something. Right. You know, for average people. The average people that do it. Right, right. It took me seven hours. You a bad boy. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that, that's what, that's what, that's what my principal used to say. Fastest time was recorded was 10 hours and 56 minutes and 46 seconds. Hold on, hold on.


But he was a, he was a Sherpa and this record was set with the use of supplemental oxygen. I just, so you're not, I just told you I had my, I had my hazmat suit and that was my supplemental oxygen hazmat suit. They got nothing to do with that. No. The, the, my, it was a contraption that I created and it was, it was to help me with the oxygen. Like when the astronauts go to go to space, and I have one of them. Yeah. Hey, listen, it's been a little short time since we all been hanging out, man. But I'm starting to figure out what's going on around here. I, I, I, Hey listen, I got two ears and one mouth for a reason.


Okay? I'm gonna listen twice when you up. Joe figured it out. I figured it out. Boy. I know what, somebody trying to pull the wool over my eyes, boy. I know what's going on, Joe. One thing, one thing about, I got the picture. Hold on. I, I got the picture I'm gonna show you. I'm gonna, I'm gonna show you a picture on mine. Every, but, but you do realize ojo. Yeah. In order for him to do that, he's from that region. Right. So you have to, so those Sherpas, they're from the Nepal I call. So you have to be from that region in order to, huh? I I guarantee you. And also it's probably the, the sheer that did the 10 hours. I guarantee that's the same one. His name was Paul Eaton. That, that, that's, that's how we did it in seven hours.


Yeah, that was, we had Paul Eaton. I guarantee that's him. It was a good, it was a good climb too. Now. No Amu Sherpa. Oh, that, that must have been his cousin Joe. We had a question last week and had we never gotta hear you answer Who you taking? A hundred men or one girl? Hey, listen. Oh, OCHO win. Hey, that should, that should be funny all day on Twitter. I tell you something, I was just, I was thinking about that. 'cause the first 20, 30, 40 guys, y'all gotta take a beating. Come I'm in the back. I'll let y'all know right now. I'm gonna be in the back and I'm gonna come help y'all later.


But I'm not going to be one of the first 30, 40, 50 dudes running. We in trouble. I'm sorry man. You know the funny, the funny part is about it, UNC and Joe, I don't think people, people have seen gorillas. They look at YouTube, they look at the zoo, they don't think they understand how big they are in person. They don't understand how big they, how powerful they are. You don't understand it because you, You know, they're all muscle. They, they, you, you just don't get it. So hypothetically you think it can happen because it's, it is a hundred human beings. Human beings. Like it's, it's one lick. The first them first 10, they dead. Yeah. They ain't got a chance.


You gotta be sacrificing something. Hey, I told you I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go. I'm not gonna be in the first wave of dudes. I'm not gonna be in the second wave. I ain't gonna be in the third wave. I'm gonna be in the fourth wave. I'm gonna be all the way in the back because when they had a funeral, somebody gotta be able to gotta be there to tell the story. That's gonna be me. I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be there to tell the story. Man, Jake, Jake gave, Jake gave it a gold. Hold on. So lemme get this right. So I just need to know. So it's, everybody's bare handed. The the silver back ain't got nothing. Ain't and none of the humans got nothing. So ain't nobody got no spares, no knife, no rocks, no nothing. Oh, y'all show man. And then hold on. Unc you not even thinking about this.


We not thinking about how fast and how quick and how agile a gorilla is. Yeah. You forget about all that, man. Please. Oh, guy was asking y'all asking me what the neighbor told me. He said be quiet over there. Wait, who? Who told you to be quiet? Oh yeah, but I was joking. Next door neighbor. Hey, I'm surprised because normally I don't have anybody next to me. Hey, tell 'em, tell him to come. Hey, knock on the thing and tell 'em to come to come to the on camera. No, no, no. He'll he sleep now. That'd be dope though. He, he sleep that. Tell him to come on camera. Huh?


He don't leave over here. That'd be dope.


Hey friend. I know how it feels. Waking up exhausted after multiple trips to the bathroom and feeling embarrassed by sudden leaks. I used to be constantly on edge searching for a restroom whenever I was out then I discovered better woman. I was skeptical at first, but two months in, everything changed. I experienced improved bladder control. No more heart stopping moments when I laugh or sneeze. Less urge to go deeper and more restful sleep. I finally felt like myself again. Confident and in control. Better woman is natural, effective and trusted by women for over 25 years. Ready to take back your control. Head over to be better now. Dot com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Uses directed individual results may vary.


Alright, we gonna get you outta this week. This is now it's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for Q. Hey, don't, don't let him punk you on keep screaming because you whispering now. Because, because that's exactly what I do. When people be laughing and joking. I go knock right on the door. Boom, boom, boom. Yeah Connor with a K, if 10 to 15 men were taking down Willie Mammoth a hundred could definitely take a gorilla. Well Connor, I'm gonna let you go ahead and handle that. I don't want no problem that a Willy Mamma ma isn't even dangerous. But what are we talking about? But first of all, they took down the willy mammoth. They had spears. Yeah.


They ain't taking out no Willy Mammoth with just their bare hands. And you ain't touching no silver back with just your bare hands, bro. I'm telling you the, he's killing the first man. He hit the first 10. Y'all dead on contact. And plus he probably gonna rip your arm outta the socket. He gonna bite you. They bite. Hey, people scared of pit bulls dudes scared of people with pit bulls. But your dog bite you got but a go man, stop scared the gorilla, man. Stop playing man. Y'all saw, y'all saw that man, the, they had the gorilla. They was at the track. They were trekking the In Rwanda. Yeah. And one of them silverbacks came and the lady was, and he just grabbed her by the leg and just walked on.


Just walked on. Like he was nothing like he, like he had a five pound bag of potatoes and that's a full grown person. And he just let, they gonna sit out there, they gonna sit out there and wait for them gorillas, man. They gonna hunt them gorillas and the, and they say what you do. You never make eye contact with em. I don't look at em because that's a challenge. And that's funny. Boy, I just tell you I'm gonna be 98 and I be 99. I told you I'm gonna be a hundred. 'cause somebody gotta live to tell the story. Hey listen. Oh, after I see what he do with nine seven, I'm gone. They waiting to rhyme for that.


Kera no Wood. Jr said, oh, my question is, is the buck season being over? Do y'all see y'all's leaving Milwaukee for another team that isn't Miami? O Okay. Yes I do. I definitely see him leaving. I see it. I think they probably gonna retool the fact that Dame tore his Achilles. I mean that's all, that's probably, he probably done. He probably, I I don't see him coming back. Yeah. Next year. So Giannis, you can get a lot for Giannis, You know what I mean? You can start your rebuilding process, get you some, get you some talent in there. The way you can build and, and, and mature as a young pros man.


And try to continue to build as a, as a franchise. But I don't see them coming back with the same squad. Man. They gotta retool your two best players in franchise history didn't stay. Kareem and Giannis. Kareem won three MVPs finals. MVP went to two finals, won one, Giannis won two MVPs finals. MVP went to one, they gonna leave. 'cause you ain't gonna get no help. Ain't nobody gonna sign in. Ain't nobody gonna sign in Milwaukee. Nope. Sorry Ocho. They ain't coming to Miami neither, brother. Listen, I listen, I tried to tell y'all don't nobody wanna listen to me until it happened, but okay, you'll see.


So I wanna hear that guy under that guy underscore d Fry, Antman, Spiderman. Dammit man, Lakers are nine. Not a damn said unc Delusional. Stop unc, You know the Lakers are done. I guess when the Lakers lose tomorrow, I guess we're saying Lakers and eight. They not losing tomorrow though. Nah, Regg Reg said Mark Williams would've helped a lot. He would've Father said La Clippers equal to Cleveland Browns. Oh, pat Dove said, oh, next fellow Sinco, you should have OCHO spell exacerbate and deplorable.


Because that's how the heat series went. Hey, hold on. The deplorable D-E-P-L-O-R-A-B-L-E. Come on man. This is what I do, man. I talk about, man, it's the Harvard education Trucker Banks said, in my opinion, he's the best quarterback in the class, the most pro ready. His mechanics and footwork is better than the guys ahead of him. His timing will improve too with coaching. Guess we gonna find out ou SS 2004, it was reported. Team saw Shadu as a backup, but the circus that came comes with him wasn't worth it for a backup. Any belief in that? I ain't making that decision. I mean, that's what, if that's how they see him, that's how they see him.


I mean, who am I to say Ocho, what it is or what it isn't? I don't know. I it is just spec. I ain't got anything else to add. Right? I, we've heard everything. Owners didn't want him. People didn't feel like he didn't have a high grade. Everybody thought he was, I mean, a lot of teams thought he was a mid to a late round pick. He he didn't interview well in the interview. He didn't take it serious for teams that he didn't wanna potentially go to. I don't know, it's just speculation that this is speculation because none of the people that's in those positions have come out on record and said this is why. Right? So it sub it's left up to people like myself and Ocho and Joe to come up with a a a a reason or, or an excuse or whatever the term you want to use to why Shado did not go how as we thought he should.


Maybe he went where we thought where he, well he should have the team thought he should go. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. But he's not the first guy to slide. He won't be the last guy. Now maybe we didn't see a slide this precipitous, but we've seen, we've seen slides before, but at the end of the day, they gonna give him a helmet. They gonna give shoulder pads, they gonna give some cleats. What you do, it's all on you. If you give somebody the tools to build a house, the type of house that they build is alo solely under incumbent on them. You could a masterpiece Or you can have a hut.


You gonna, I think he's gonna do good things, man. You know, this is a whole learning process for him. Like I said, like I've always said, he gonna have that, that that chip on his shoulder. He gonna come outta the show. He gonna come outta the show, show why he should have been, You know, one of the top picks in this draft, You know, let you play. Do all the talking, bro. You ain't gotta say nothing now you gotta say nothing else. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharp, my partner and co-host number 85, the legendary Liberty City legend, bingo, ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler, all pro the Mount Everest. That's Chad o Sequin, the Mount Everest climber. That's me. That's me.


He wants scale. See that's what they say. They say you scale Mount Evers, you don't apply. But anyway, and to my, to my right from from Arkansas io Joe Joe Johnson, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you for your support. Thank you for your continued support because of you we're able to do what we do. Thank you so much. Guys, make sure you go make sure you go check out Shade by La Portier. We do have it in stock now. If you can't find it in the city or state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. We have the best tasting BSOP on the market.


Simple award. We won gold, we won platinum, we won double platinum. Shay is where it's at. Order. We ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and please stay safe. Go check out my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pen in the chat supply is are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last and you can check out my media company page or all of its platform. Shehe Media tickets for our Not Safe Work tour are on sale. Eight stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, la, Miami, New York, Chicago and Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. Link is pinned in the chat. Our guest lineup is looking great.


You guys don't wanna miss out on this. Get your tickets now and come out, see your favorite in ocho. Let's see the nuggets. Move ahead. Three two on the clippers. 1 31, 1 15 win. Jamal Murray goes haywire. 43 points, five rebounds. Seven to assist. Three steals. Eight of 14 from the three point line. The bucks lose. Have a seven point lead with 40 seconds, they lose. 1 19, 1 18. Thanks to Tyree Halliburton game winning layup. There was a little ruckus Tyrese Halliburton's father comes on the court waving a towel with his son face on it.


But they worked things out. Glad cooler heads prevailed. The Pistons beat the nick. N-M-S-G-K Cunningham. 24 points, eight rebounds, eight assists. Sue Thompson had 22 points as they go on the road and they beat the the Knicks game six is Thursday in Detroit. The Celtics close out the magic thanks to Jason T 35, 8 and 10. And to make matters, Jalen Brown had 23 points and six rebounds. That concludes Nightcap. I'm Unc, he's ojo. He's ISO Joe. We'll see you tomorrow. He's that The Volume.


Hey friend, I know how this feels. Waking up exhausted after multiple trips to the bathroom and feeling embarrassed by sudden leaks. I used to be constantly on edge searching for a restroom whenever I was out then I discovered better woman. I was skeptical at first, but two months in, everything changed. I experienced improved bladder control. No more heart stopping moments when I laugh or sneeze. Less urge to go deeper and more restful sleep. I finally felt like myself again. Confident and in control. Better woman is natural, effective, clinically tested and trusted by women for over 25 years. Ready to take back your control. Head over to be better now. Dot com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Uses directed individual results may vary.