
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career, And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


The Apple Watch series 10 is here. It has the biggest display ever. It's also the thinnest Apple Watch ever making it even more comfortable on your wrist, whether you're running, swimming or sleeping. And it's the fastest charging Apple Watch getting you eight hours of charge in just 15 minutes. The Apple Watch series 10 available for the First time in glossy jet black aluminum compared to previous generations. iPhone tennis are later required charge time and actual results will vary.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan Ker to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason De Mers here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on lit tabla. Listen To NHL unscripted with V and demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume NFL playoffs. We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring Touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at DraftKings. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers To get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at Draftking. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. As you watch the Washington Commanders, they're the first road playoff team to win a playoff game this year. And Jayden Daniel joins some elite company as a true rookie to win his first playoff start, which is very, very impressive. They won the game on the last second joint field goal 2320. They go on the road and avenge an earlier season loss to the same Tampa Bay Buccaneer team. But this time they go on the road and they get it done. 22, 23 to 20. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. Unc Shannon Sharpe, that guy is your favorite.


85. The Bingo ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro, the Liberty City legend. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson, thank you again for joining us. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And because we already had OCHO like 6,000 in Chad waiting. Yeah, thank you. Thank you so very much for your continued support. Appreciate it. Make sure you check out Shaa by La Porter. We have it in stock. Somebody's gonna be really, really happy because at the end of this, in about three weeks, we're going through Crown, a Super Bowl champ. Is it the repeat champ or is it a new champ?


So you're gonna have something to really, really celebrate. What better way to celebrate your team winning the championship than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter. Now if you cannot find it in a city or a state near you, order it and we'll ship it directly to you. And you'll have it just in time for your team celebration, please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company. 84. 84 being spelled out. We got some really cool stuff. We have a new drop just last month. T-shirts, sweats, beanies, coozies and mugs. Remember, quantities are limited, so please make sure you grab yours while supplies last.


Tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. It's our first spring tour stop. And the tickets are on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. February the sixth in New Orleans at the Mahalia Jackson Theater. Please, guys be there. You don't wanna miss this. We got some great guys, great guests lined up for you. OCHO and I is going to be on our absolute worst behavior, So you wanna make sure you're there. Both Nightcap and Club Shehe are both nominated for NAACP Image Awards. Nightcap has been nominated, outstanding podcast, arts, sports and Entertainment Club. Shesha was nominated for outstanding podcast society and culture. Please go vote for your guys. The link is pending.


Our social fas ocho, as I mentioned earlier, the commanders the first road team to go on the road, win a playoff game this year. And they did it with a rookie quarterback. Jane Daniel was great when he needed to beat, and we've seen this over and over again. They beat the Eagles, they beat the Cowboys. They won so many games in the waning minutes because the poise that this young man displays, he's never flustered. He's never, he's never sped up. Yeah, he's gonna make some a few mistakes because he's a young quarterback, but when he absolutely has to be at his best ocho, he absolutely is. And they go on the road and get it done Thanks to a Zang Gonzalez.


He goes there, boy des off the upright. Yeah. And if you notice, that's why they put him on the left hash because they know he's a push kicker being pushed if he's in the middle of the field that's going wide Ocho. Yeah, they put it on the left hash, he pushes it, it hit clips the upright and it goes in and they win 2320. Baker Mayfield was 15 or eighteen, a hundred eighty five yards, two touchdowns. They ran the ball 25 times for 101 yards. So they average 104 yards of carry. But that's not a lot of plays. Ocho, they only had 44 total plays. Two 60. Yeah. That's not a lot at all For the commanders. Time of possession was about 34 to 25.


But the Washington commanders go on the road, get it done. I know they're excited about that. Washington is better when Washington, excuse me, the NFL is better when some of these old guards, oh, Joe, they hadn't been in the playoffs in a long time and when they, and when they were there, they didn't do a whole lot. But Washington. Go on the road, get it done. Thanks to Jayden Daniels and the outstanding rookie quarterback for the commanders Ocho watching this game. Tell me what were your thoughts, Man, listen, it, it was a good game. It was a good game. It was kind of slow. It was low. It was the defensive game. Most of it. It was, it was, it was the deepest game. A lot. A lot of penalties. A lot of penalties, a lot of third and longs kept them, kept it from being a high scoring game, putting themselves in somewhat of a deficit, you know, and, and not not having manageable third downs.


I enjoy, I enjoyed the matchup between Latimore and Mike Evans. It wasn't the same, obviously. Was The Mike was Cookie. Yeah. Mike, Mike, Mike, Mike. Mike. Mike got Mike. Mike, Mike. Mike. He did joke. Yeah. Mike had the best of, He got so bad that Mark Lammore was just trying to hip Dr was trying to hip drop tackling. You see him on every Yeah, Every tackle. The man trying to hip Dr. Come on man. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So I mean, it was a good game. Obviously. It cost him like, Hey, I thought Dan Quinn was gonna cost him the game. What? Going forward? Oh, points down. Listen, he kept leaving points on the field. I said, listen, I'm hoping, I'm hoping that'll come back and fight him. Fight, fight him in ass. Now, Dan Campbell, Dan Quinn, I mean, you know, sometimes we got confused tonight.


Hey, every everybody with Dan, they, they got, they got Kones. They got Ka Listen, they gave the gambles paid off because the third time he, the third time he went forward on fourth down, they scored to McLaurin. Right. He had McLarin in the back of the end zone on the, on the, on the dig route. So obviously it paid off for Dan Quinn. He gambled. Listen, I'm, I'm, I'm happy for Jayden Daniels, I'm happy for Jayden Daniels. I'm happy for the Commanders fans. It's been a very, very long time. I think maybe since oh five, I'm not mistaken, since they've made the playoffs. Nah, they made the playoffs in the pandemic. Right. Didn't they lose to somebody? Didn't they? What's the guy, the rookie quarterback that everybody was? Oh, They won. They they won. I mean, won. Oh. Won the playoff game. Won. You made, okay. Yeah. Won playoff game oh five. But they made the playoff with what?


What's the Heinrich? Heineke Heineke. They won, they won the playoff with he, they didn't win. Yeah. As a matter of fact, they lost Tampa. That was Tom Brady. That was the year they won the Super Bowl. Yeah. But I, I'm, I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy for 'em. Wait, who? Hey, who they got? Who they got to face? Who they gotta face now? Who they gotta face? They were the five seed. So they were placed, they were, let's, it all depends. Detroit Lions, they go to the lions. Oh, They face the lions. That ain't, huh? No, the Lions score on 30, 35 a game, Man. Oh, you gotta be on your best behavior. You definitely gotta be on your best behavior. But Don also, there there is a play like that.


That's first the, the fourth, the fourth down that they went for. They didn't get it. Daniel has the slide. The tight end is wide open. 87 is wide open. The slide is, is your first read. What I didn't understand Ocho, why would he look back inside? You can always come back inside, but if you don't take the slide right now, it's never gonna be open. No. They gotta do your first read the slide. Gotta be a first read. Anyway. It's, it's, the slide is always the first read because you take slide. I could if slide he's covered, I could, could always come back inside. Because normally I got a slide. I got a seven and I got the chlorine. I got somebody coming on the dagger route running the back of the end line.


Yeah. I can always get back to that. But if I miss, if I don't, if I don't take this right now, I'm not getting that. Because they're gonna be on it and he gonna end up running outta bounds. And if they don't run outta bounds, he get close, they're gonna push his ass outta bounds. Push his Out outta Bounds. Yeah. And so I was surprised because he's a rookie and most rookies always take the first re because especially if it's there, it's a safe throw. I don't have no complication Slide open, man. Let go ahead and give that thing away. And it's one yard. Don't Joe, that's a tub. That's a tub. Yeah. He second against himself. I mean, maybe, maybe because the end flashed him and he didn't think he had him. Right. But he had more time. He had him by more than what he thought he was.


Because indeed Labonte David is coming from the inside and he's the one that got him. And so that's why. Right. As a matter of fact, you see they run the exact same play. Tampa ran the exact same play and hit Bucky Irving on the exact same play and get a touchdown. But they got a rub on the inside. Yeah. Which, yeah, they brought the motion down. They brought the motion down. They had the double team. They had the double team on the other side. Yep. So they knew they had, and they, or they picked, they picked him. The backer couldn't get Over. They picked him. Backer couldn't get outside. Yep. So even though they didn't pick him, it was a great play. But I just love the pos with this young. He's the, hey, he joins Joe Flacco, Mark Sanchez and Russell Wilson as the only Ricky quarterbacks to win their, their a debut in a role playoff win.


That's dope. Dope. That's huge. That's dope. That is huge. That's dope. Not just, not just for him, for that city, for that organization, for all they've been through. You know, they, they done been through some stuff now. Yes. You know? Yes. New new ownership. New ownership Been a very long time. Best thing that can happen. Yeah. New ownership come in Ocho to get somebody that understands they get this. Yeah. Look, everybody knew they were gonna take Caleb Williams. It's a very similar situation to what we had a year before. Right. Bryce Young and CJ Falls in your lap. Jane Daniels fell in your lap. You ain't, ain't take no grant. Hey, all I'm gonna do, I'm gonna take who you don't want. And you know, So, you know, we pick sides. Whoever you ain't, whoever you don't want, I'll take them.


Right. I really don't have no choice, but I'm taking, I'm taking the guy that you don't want. And it worked out well for both situations. You see, CJ Perfect has won two playoff games. They've won the division both years, and he's won two playoff games. One each year. Got a chance to go on the road this time to take the take on the Chiefs. But I love Jayden Daniels defense playing. Well, B Wg is playing really, really well. I, I like the Dan Campbell edition, but I, what I love most is what they did for Jayden Daniels. They went and got him an offensive, my a guru. Say, say what you wanna say about Cliff Kingsbury as a head coach, but there's no denying his ability to call plays his ability to work with quarterbacks.


Several guys have won Heisman Trophy under his tutelage. Kyle Murray was offensive Rookie of the year under his tutelage. Jayden Daniels will be offensive Rookie of the year under his tutelage. He was the quarterback coach. Maybe he was, maybe he was the offensive coordinator at Texas a and m for Johnny Manzel. Yeah. So there is no denying, especially quarterbacks that have that kind of dual set ability, ocho, you know what I'm saying? Right. They're unconventional. I mean, now we're starting to see more of it guys that can run and throw the football. But Cliff Kingsbury, like I said, you could say what you wanna say about him as a head coach, but there's no denying his offensive mindset and his ability to work with the quarterback.


Would I be surprised if he's in Chicago next year? I would not be surprised. Don't Joe. Oh, what? Wait, wait, wait a minute. They, they've had, wait in Chicago as a quarterback coach or maybe officer Coordinator as a head coach. I mean, let, I mean Ben Johnson. Ben Johnson is Ben Johnson To get that job. But Ben Johnson's gonna probably be the most, the only job that Ben Johnson wasn't going to get was the, the Patriots. And that's why Ag, if you notice, AG didn't go up, man, look here, man. Y'all ain't pretty to drop me out there and let no horse and pony show already. Know where y'all want to go. Hey. Oh yeah. Hey, I'm not finna be away from my family. I'm not gonna be away from doing game plan. Nah, bro, that ain't happening. Hey, y'all already got y'all situation ironed out.


Congratulations. I really appreciate that. But I'm gonna go where there's a realistic chance for me to interview and get said job. But yeah, Ben Johnson to be all Ben Johnson. My look, Tom Brady. I'm sure Tom Brady loves Ben Johnson with the Raiders. But if I'm Ben Johnson. No, no, no, no. I'm just You don't got nothing to work with. Huh? I don't, you don't have nothing to work with. I understand. That's, I like, I like the Bears. I Love the Bears too. I think the Bears is the best job available given what they got. Offensively a quarterback, receivers run it back. Hey, get it off. Plug the offensive linemen in here or there. Yes, I agree with you. I'm not disagreeing, but somebody that has a quarterback, a young quarterback or somebody that's gonna draft a quarterback, they're probably gonna want a Cliff Kingsbury working with him.


Yeah, Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. Most definitely. I like, I like it. I like it. Former LSU receivers. Malik Nabors, Brian Thomas Jr. Were in attendance supporting their former quarterback Jayden Daniels. I like that. You don't see that. I mean, you see it a lot more in basketball OCHO where guys show up and support the guys. You know? So stuff like that. But I love to see this, it just goes to show you that this is a very close team. I, you remember Ocho earlier in the year, Malik Malik Nabors and James Daniels had a bet. NF NFL kind of made him say, you know, we got a little bet going on. Oh yeah. Who was gonna be rookie of the year, blah, blah, blah. Yeah, they should have just kept it. Hu James Daniels going win.


But Malik nabs had a phenomenal season. Even when you have a phenomenal season, when you get the quarterback and this team makes the playoffs, it's gonna be really, really hard. Oh yeah. For you, for you to, to upstage it because what, what do neighbors have? 106, 108 catches over 1100 yards. Six, seven touchdowns had a phenomenal season With no consistency at the quarterback position that Day. But Jane Daniels as a true rookie playing the most important position in pro sports. Take this team. Yeah. And we think about it, they had the number two pick in the draft, so that lets you know they weren't very good. Would they get that one guy? That's all you need. And and he flipped it, Ocho he flipped it.


That's all you need. So congratulations to the Washington Commanders. They go on the Road First road team to win in the playoffs this year. They avenge earlier season of loss to the the Tampa Bay Buccaneers by the score of 23 to 20.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees. And Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by bankcorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC. SpotMe Eligibility requirements and Overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment, file fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me in former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it and the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There Was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it. Yeah. It was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color Edition. It's extremely pink. Mm. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd Nam RK tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's n Challenge Script with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Amir, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp. How about the sport and all the other things to running it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL. Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race. It's Josh Allen. Gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. And you we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason run.


OCHO the Eagles defeated the packer. 22 to 10 Sequan Barkley rushed for 119 yards. The Eagles defense picked up Jordan Love three times. I don't get why Sequan sl. I mean, I mean Qua. He's try He's being a team guy. He's being a team guy. I, man listen man. Oh Joe, I love Joe. There was no change. Oh Joe, even if you score a touchdown, if you scored a touchdown, so now you're about to make shit 29 10. How he gonna come back and score nine 20 points in a minute? I can, I get the ocho. If it's a one, if it's a a, a, let's just say you, you up by one, right? I get it.


Ocho you already up by 12. You score, you hit your head on the goal post. That's two, that's a 200 yard rush day. They haven't been buried many 200 yard rush days in NFL postseason history. Somebody in his ear. Huh? Somebody, somebody on the shot Should be fault. My my car. You, you, you ain't gotta tell me because I said the same thing. I said, why are you sliding in a moment like that? Wasn't Brady say, I'm sure Brady had something was Did Brady say that was good or, or what? Anybody know what Brady said? Yeah. I I I couldn't hear the commentary because Lot was with next Loud. I didn't hear the commentary. Well, I'd never hear the commentary. So that's why I've been interested.


I get a look Ocho in certain circumstances. I get it. Or one score. Let's just say you up by one point you scored did a chance. They give a two point conversion tie, come back, get that then. Not in this situation, not in this one. That's what, That's why I said somebody, somebody was in his ear. Somebody on the sideline probably told him before. If you get, we get an opportunity, if you get a chance, if you break one open, let's go down. Let's Not be they say Brady said he didn't understand. Let's, Brady said there was no reason to slide. Okay. Yeah. Brady said he would've. Oh, okay. Brady said he wouldn't have been so generous. Hell no. Ocho, I'm up by 12 points with a minute to go and I'm about to hit and I gotta, let's just say Ocho, I got 125 yards.


Right. That right there gonna gimme 75 yards. That's gonna gimme a touchdown. 200 yards. Boy, I'm going to the house. I ain't gonna lie. I ain't gonna hold y'all, I'm going to the house. I don't, I don't know what he was doing. I I, in a sense, it it, it makes me think not only his decision. Well yes, his decision because he could have said he wanted to play or not. The decision not to go after that record. Yeah. Last week. Which with a cement in his leg, his legacy in the history books. And then you come this week, you know, you have a, a clear touchdown. A clear touchdown. You're already up by two scores. Why not just score, score? I mean, somebody in his ear got him. Listen, they, they, they got my dog brainwashed. They got him overthinking.


He thank you too much. Yeah. Think it, they got my dog brainwashed. They got him overthinking. I'm not analyzing every little thing. Just play football. Just, just have fun. Yeah. Enjoy the game because you're not gonna get these opportunities very often. And it goes really fast. It goes really fast. Yeah. So I mean it is, it is what it is. I hope everything continues to work out for Saquon and that Eagles team. They, they, they look good today. They look good today, but they're not, to me, they're not scoring enough points, man. OO Joe. They're not scoring enough points. They not, they're not tho they're not efficient throwing them all as well. They're not using AJ Brown. Yeah. Yeah. I thought it was just me O Joe. That's going to catch up. That's going to catch up to them. Okay. Wasn for the Green Bay Packers having the injuries that they had or Ju Jordan Love. Not, not, not being able to get that motor running and finding some type of chemistry with his team offensively.


They lucky. Is it me is or did, did j does Jaylen Herz. Hey Ja something. Look, maybe it's just me. Maybe I'm just too critical. But Jaylen Hurtz did not look good. At least the first three and a half quarters of Joe. Maybe it's just me though. Did, did you notice anything? He looked timid. They were running. I'm like, bro, Jalen, whatcha you doing? Run, go do something. I, I listen. I didn't, I didn't really, I didn't really notice anything. I think what I think about Jalen hurts, I think he does everything within the realm of what he does. Good. He doesn't try to do anything extra. So I just saw Jalen do what he normally, what he normally does. If it's there, he throws it.


If it's not there, he's checking it down. If he doesn't see it, he pull it. He go through his read, he go through his progression. If it's not there, he take off a run. If it's a run play, he rarely checks out of those. So I just saw him do exactly what he normally does. I just don't like to play Call into a sense, you're gonna run as a team. They're gonna stop the run. You got to be good with the pass. Yeah. You got to, you got to be throwing the ball. Yeah. It, it has to your game, the quick game, whatever you need to do. You gotta get AJ Brown involved, man. Yeah. I think we were willing to what maybe halftime. He had one target. Like what? Well, Hell, young had three targets. He had one catch. They ran a little, the fake whatever they call that, that that push play. And they faked it and they tried to hit AJ and he overshot him. But I thought he was hurt.


I said, well maybe he's hurt. Maybe they don't wanna rush it back or anything like that. But I was very surprised at how, how poorly he was playing early on in this ball game. Got off to a great start because they kicked the ball off. The special teams do a great job of taking the ball and they go in and get a touchdown. Like, okay, you can't get a better start than what you got right here because they, you took the ball away from them and they didn't even get the offense, didn't get a chance to possess it. And now knowing you coming out of the half, you're gonna get the ball. Right. But I was surprised. I was like, maybe he hurt. Maybe, maybe something is going on. And he kind of picked it up a little bit. That was guarded. That made the unbelievable play. 'cause all he read was like a little bubble screen.


And I Was nice ran through, through kn Hey you guys as the, as the defensive back, you listen, you gotta understand the laws of physics. I'm not sure 20 four's last name. But you gotta understand the laws of physics. You don't try to come and tackle a tight that big up high. What are you doing? What you doing? You gotta get from the floor, from the knee. From the knee down. From the knee to the shoe string go low. Yes. Because that every time it's like, it's like when Derrick cream's running the ball and DV and dvs are coming up and instead of going low, they trying to tackle him up high. What you think Finn to Happen? Well I think the thing is with that mistake they're making, they're getting too close to him. He gonna stiff arm your ass. He gonna put you on his highlight reel as Josh Norman. Ask the guy laugh back, ask in a fist, Patrick, he gonna put you on his highlight reel.


So you get close to Derrick Henry and he does a great job. 'cause it's so late when it comes out because a lot of guys, they figured out and the dvs have gotten smart. They chop the arm To Knock it down, knock down and get you our balance. And then the same thing as a pass rusher ocho, if a guy gets lazy with his outside arm, the guy knocks it down. You lean, he bend the edge. He on your quarterback guy, you have to understand physics. You gotta be strong inside kick to him because you gonna just use this to push him by. But if you get this out there, they done got good at doing this, it brings you forward. Now guess what? Yeah. Give him back quarterback, So on. But Jordan Love the three turnovers.


And and that's the thing. He has this, he'll go seven, eight games and he won't turn it over. But then he'll go three or four games where he have two, three every game. Yeah. And this is, this is the game that you can do No, not not in the playoffs. Yeah. Three Turnovers you can beat. Yeah. Not, not in the game like this. And then plus for the injuries, everybody going out watching was out. Romeo Dobbs goes out. Yep. I think he hit hit his head. Yeah. And he even had the cop, he already had the concussion cap on. Yeah. Yeah. But he was so high. It don't even matter what you had on, yo, he was so high up in the air. And when that back hit, the next, when his back hit, the next thing hit was that hit.


Remember what I told you, remember the told when we argued about that the concussion cast earlier, earlier meeting on the show? Yes. I I told you listen, I, I I, anyway, that's, that's, that's a whole nother story. But then, and the other receiver went down. Who, who was it? Was it somebody else went down too? Was it Reed? Hold on. Lemme see. It was Wigs or Reid. Well, wicks had I, I don't, I don't rem I don't even remember Ojo. Yeah, Yeah, I don't remember. He lost three of his targets. So I mean that's, that's, that's really, that's really no excuse. He had, Jordan has to play better. He has to play better ojo Best in games like this. Yeah. Because I thought the defense did a good enough job. Neutralizing very Good Job. The Eagles early on. Yes. And and they should have gotten something because there were a couple of, there were a couple of drives that the Eagles went three and I three and I three and out.


And that was the Packers opportunity to ca to, to cash in on both. Especially on the road. I wanna take the crowd out of it. Let me give me a little touchdown here or there and I can take the crowd of it. Now I can function. Yeah. But they were really never able to get anything sustainable. No. And the Eagles end up winning this ball game by the score of 22 to 10. But Jalen Herts gonna have to throw for more than 121 yards. A hundred. That ain't gonna cut it. Listen, they, they, they, they were, they were lucky. And I don't mean to be rude, I don't mean to be disrespectful, but you're lucky you're not playing the off offensive juggernaut today. Yes. You're not playing the offensive juggernaut, you know. 'cause listen, scoring 22 points is not gonna beat the deep. You know, your Detroits, It ain't gonna be Minnesota either.


Ain't gonna be, ain't gonna be Minnesota either. You got to be able to put up, you gotta be able to score points. I mean, as good as your defense is. Now I'm not, I'm not gonna take anything away from that because the defense played well today as well. But you got to put up points. Now who do the Eagles have to face now? They're gonna face the winner of Minnesota. The Rams. Now we talking about two teams that can put up 30 in the blink of a eye. But see, the thing is the Eagles are counting. Gonna say Yeah, but we're not gonna be in the dome. So we are hoping that we get though, you know, we get cold weather, we get wind conditions, blah blah blah. Cut their dome team. Even, even if you playing in Philly, Philly ain't that cold, But the weather it Up 40, 40, 30 degrees. It might be snow.


It might be wind. Okay. You got a dome team. Normally dome teams don't like to come out of those domes. Oh, the, they build their team to play on that fast ass turf. Yeah. The lions, the lions play well in the cold now. Yeah. The Vik played well in the cold now even though they're dome teams. If you look at the, if you look at the time that they had to be on the outside, they've been okay. But if you think about it, Detroit ain't really been outside. They played Minnesota. That's a dome. They played the Texan's a dome. That's a dome. You know, they played the Rams. That's a dome. They played the Cowboys. That's a dome. So even they get a home games and get, they go on the road, Minnesota Dome, that's nine. Who else they played that was in a do that was in a dome.


The Texas that's 10, 10 of their 17 games been in the dome motion. And now they got home court. They got home field. So theoretically they won't have to come out of a dome. Minute, minute next year. Minute Oh have ever a do. Because you remember the Rams, the Rams built their team to play on that fast ass turf. Thanks sir. Yeah. You had Oz, you had Tory, you had Reverend Knight, you have Marshall, you had they, Hey, put you in space Scat protection, everybody out. Hey, make somebody missing. Hit your head on the goal post Every time. But it was, I'm just saying this, I don't know, moving forward if this type of offensive performance will win Philly a game.


It was enough today, but I don't know moving forward. No. If it'll be enough. No, it, I mean they won't be, the coaches know that the, all the staff know that. Hell, even the players know that based on who your opponent's gonna be, it, it is gonna be the lines. That's gonna be the Vikings, whichever one it is. You understand that you can't score 22 points and beat the, or the lions that's putting too much pressure on your defense. Now you're telling the whole team that scores almost 30 a game. The entirety of the season, the damn 20 points or 17, that's not gonna happen. No, You Gotta open up the playbook. AJ Brown was caught on the, on camera reading a book on the sideline.


It's called Inner Excellence. Jalen Hurt, spoke about it after the game. Let's take a listen. The book. That is dope. Everybody has a different thing and finds their, finds their flow in different ways. Alright. So, and that's how we choose you choose to do it. That's different. Yo. Yeah, for sure. That's different. Now when, when you say he is reading a book, I wonder what the book is about. Or, or, or, or what does the book continue to keep him locked in the, into the game? Maybe the book keeps him focused so he doesn't lose sight of the end goal at hand and not get upset. Yes. You know, he might have been frustrated.


So reading the book and being locked into that keeps him calm. It keeps him within his right state of mind, you know, instead of being frustrated about not, about not contributing, about not getting the ball, not being part of the offense. So I I kind of like it. I I like it. Yeah. I, I, I agree with you. I think that's what it's, because I think the thing is, it's a situation where, you know, I've got, I've got the channel and not let my emotions consume me because I know I'm good enough to get 10, 11 targets. But here I am with one and I'm halfway through this game, and so let me calm down. Let me focus on the bigger picture. Yeah. Which is to win this game.


I can't say all I care about is winning and they complain about targets and catches when we win. And I didn't get said targets or catches. So I think it's trying to calm him down. It gets him, like you said, it gets him in a space that he's able to function and not let his emotion, not let his emotion run wild and become frustrated, become a distraction. And because I think the last thing that Agent Brown wants to do is to become a distraction on a team that has, that has the goods and they're good enough to get, to get to and potentially win the Super Bowl. So, hey, like you said, whatever work floats your boat. I had to, I I, I couldn't, I I don't think I was focused on with that game. I had tunnel vision. I ain't wanna talk about no newspaper. I didn't wanna talk about no book.


Hell, I don't remember the last time I read a book and I wasn't about to read one on the sideline. Because, because them guys was trying. You see what you do that whole show, they don't, they don't talk the physicality out the game so much. They got guys reading books on the sidelines, then they got guys reading the books on the sidelines. Hey, when you had Ray Lewis and Airlock and Donkeys and all those guys trying to peel your damn cap, hey, you weren't thinking about no book. Oh, at all. At all. So, And then, and look, I said whatever, whatever gets a guy in that space that he's able to function at his absolute best, I'm all for it. But, and Plus it, it, it is not a distraction. Nah, It's Not a distraction at all.


Not at all. Okay. Ocho unfortunately, that was not the only two games today. There were third games today. Hold, Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Because what is gonna be a good one? Let me, let me, let me get my celebratory cigar. I told, I told Ash, I hear Ash earlier. I said, Ash, can you get me some La Poitier, you know, before the Show start? Because I'm a drink tonight. I'm a drink tonight. I, I don't, I'm not a drinker. People know. They, You shoulda have ordered it. Hold on. I, listen, I didn't know I was gonna do this, but I had to celebrate. So tonight I'm gonna celebrate. Huh? I got my 40, I got right. I'm, I'm gonna keep it covered up. I'm gonna keep it covered up because you, You gonna hood now you keep in the, by the brown bag.


Now Hold on, hold on. Lemme give him a stall. Hold on now. Hold on. I hope the sprinklers goes off when you start smoking in the house too, with your ass up. Hell, I should have been drinking myself. I should have been drunk by now. Man, I joke up away for that. I, I felt good. I felt good. We got a touchdown early chat. I felt good. I was like, oh yeah, we got this. We going, Hey, we doing some things. Held them to three points. I like, okay. Okay.


Hey, we go four oh fourth down. Let's go. You ready? Who, who was the game? Who, who was the other game? The bills defeated. The Broncos 31 to seven. Matter Of fact, gimme Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Matter of fact, you know what? Don't say anything that start with a beat. Don't anything that, start with a beat. Don't, Hey, don't say Buffalo. Don't say bro goes. Matter of fact, don't mean to say bitch. Okay. Okay. Two teams playing today upstate New York, near the Canadian border. Yes Sir.


The team from the west didn't fare very well as a team that I played for. Right, right. Matter of fact, they they didn't fare. What? They didn't fare very well. I'm a drink to that. See, that's what you get. That what you get. Yeah. See, see that? What happens? That what happens? Hold on, hold on. When you make for of one of God's children, Shit, hold on, lemme get some. Hold on. God. Damnit. Oh, See, see that's what he get. That's what he, that's what he get.


Don't worry about it. The party, the party gonna keep going. Lemme wipe this up. I wanna, I don't wanna mess up the floor. But anyway, the team that won, they scored 31 unanswered points. So how many, how many, how many they scored? They scored 31 unanswered. Denver. That's a lot. Denver jumped out to a seven. Nothing lead. Great pass Bow Nicks Troy Franklin and, oh, I can't say Nicks, the quarterback for the Broncos hit Troy Franklin on a 43 yard touchdown in double coverage. And they took an early seven up lead. Had to feel good about themselves. But Josh Allen and James Cook, they were just too much.


Allen. Hey, Way, way too much, way too much. Josh Allen Was the fact that you even thought they had a chance. That's the funny part. You were so confident yesterday. I don't have the same energy. I don I'm trying to understand where's the energy you had yesterday? Matter of fact, I'm gonna drink to that one more time. Hey Ocho. But the thing was, I had the energy because that was before the game. I already know the outcome of the game now. No, but you knew the outcome of the game yesterday. I didn't. You knew the outcome. I told you when it was gonna be. I'm not sure why you understand that. The people in the chat tried to tell you. I tried to tell you, you don't have to be Cleo and see and be able to predict the future to know that y'all didn't have a chance.


And you know what, you know what the football guys did to you? What the football guys gave you Hope yesterday. I told you you were hopeless romantic. Your hope was romantic. And that's exactly what they gave you. They gave you hope at the beginning game if they went down and scored. So I bet you was sitting back and you was feeling good. Oh my Broncos. And we got a tub at 43 yard. I said, okay. Okay. There we go. Now y'all got a tub. Matter of fact, why did y'all even make the playoffs? Because now y'all home with us. Whoa, y'all home with us. Rip C here's the thing. When you make the playoffs, there is a right listen, I'm gonna say this. There is a, there's a chance, obviously you got, like, you got like Kansas City and the Ravens and Detroit, they have the greater percent of winning the Super Bowl, right?


But even though the Broncos had a small percent, probably less a milk chance, 2%, your team have no chance because they wasn't Even Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Not even 2%. They had almond milk, almond, almond, almond chance, almond, almond. And matter of fact, you, y'all ain't even, you ain't even pick you ain't even pencil. You ain't even pinch them. You ain't even Penn Bills. You if the bank, you know what, how I did, if the Bengals win the playoffs, hypothetically speaking, we would've given them a better game. We definitely would've been. Matter fact, we might have won that game. No. There he go. There you go. We, That week we can You can't, you can't jump off the train like that.


No, you can't, you can't jump off the train like that. You can't, you, you are a broco 12 year career. We flocking. No, no, we not flocking. We talking about the broco today. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hey, they played, they played yesterday. They played yesterday. Hey, we, and we won. See You see how we, you see how you abandoned Yourt? We, we I don't want to hear you say for or ball. No, I wanna hear you say play. I don't want you say no words with the letter be What about Ravens? Buffalo Bills? I wanna hear, I wanna hear you say Broncos. I don't want you to hear, I don't wanna hear you say Beauty and the Beast. I don't want nothing.


Ravens. Huh? B Henry. LJ Marla, Humphrey. No. Come over. No, you were you you was talking, you were talking, you were talking crazy last night too. Oh my Broncos this my Broncos that I told you, I told You. Hey, as matter of fact, guess what Ojo What? We gonna have a Raven join us tomorrow night. Who? Don't worry about it. Which One? I reached out to my team that they got play that's still in the playoffs. I mean, I, it would be nice if we could have a a bingo join us. They ain't got extra. Do so have Joe to join. Call in, have Chase.


Wait a whoa. Hey listen, they ain't got nothing to do. You know what we gotta do? We gonna help you book your Broncos some flights to meet us in Cancun. Nah. Hey, put, put your hand in there. Cancun on three. I'm in Maryland. Cancun on Three. As a matter of fact, I'm getting ready to go to Maryland. For what? The Ravens. Nah, you man, you are Bronco. Let's all, Hey, so what happened your team today? What happened to your team today? We Got railroad and we got beat. Oh, okay. Okay. We, We got beat. Hey, do you think, do you think, you think the Bengals, if they made it, you think they would, they would've put up some Points. Points. I would like to be hypotheticals. I would like to think, I would like to think if I was Elon Musk, I would be the world's richest man if I was, but I'm not.


I would've like to think I've made all the decisions that he made. Hey, one thing about it, boy, just make sure tonight, the rest of the night, I don't wanna hear you say anything that starts or ends with a beat. I don't wanna hear you say foot or ball. I don't wanna hear, say, play or all. You are not a raven. I'm not sure why you can't. I'm alright. Okay. You listen, you have nothing to do with the Ravens at all. You played there for two years. Again, two years in a relationship is a honeymoon phase. You don't even know each other yet. I know. Matter of fact, all the, you ain't even move in together yet. Matter of fact, two years. You ain't even met her parents yet. I did. Okay. I need Ocho. I was one, I was one of the, I was one of the offensive weapons that we had.


Do you not remember? Hey, I understand. I, I understand your greatness. I don't wanna take any, anything away from you. Three times gold champion, three times a bowl champion. I think seven, six time, time. Pro Bowl, your Hall of Fame, eight time Pro Bowl, your Hall of Famer number 2, 6 7. But you were Denver Bronco. I'm a Raven. You made the, you made the Pro Bowl at the Denver Bronco. Not as a Baltimore. I made No, no. Both of them. Both of the team. The of Fame On the play at the Denver Bronco. No, no. It's not like baseball. Both teams are on the pla Hey, say up again. Flock. We flocking.


Boy. What? The way, what? Listen, I'm, I'm listening. I'm I'm drunk, man. That's okay. We have a good wait. We gonna have a good show tonight. Hey Ocho. What you think about my Ravens? Huh? What you think about my Ravens? Oh, You, you, you all, you off topic. The Ravens was yesterday. Today's the Bronco. Today's the Broncos. Oh, oh, oh. But we won. I mean, you could always celebrate a victory. Wait, you celebrated yesterday. Let we, we are supposed to be talking about the Broncos. What happened to your team? Hold on just a second. I I I'm about to how Many, how many, how many bro, how many Broncos fans we got in the chat tonight? Oh, I, me. I mean, no disrespect. This is all up.


This is all up.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah. It was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Mm. Let's have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd Nam Kin today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's n Challenge Script with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp. How about the sport and all the other things to running it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're still gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL now You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blind Side and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life, the referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, Ken Saquon, Barkley even break the rushing record. Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course, Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason Run.


Boy, it it, it's, it's amazing That bay shine. That bay shine. It's a, it's, it is amazing how you just, Matter of fact, Hey, How you, how you, Hey, how do you think this makes, how do you think, how do you think this makes the Broncos fans feel? The Broncos look here. First of all, everything that I've done with the Broncos okay, with that team in Denver, it's there. It's Chronicle, it's anything, everything I did for the two years that we, with the Ravens that's also there. Ocho Yeah. Two years. That, that ain't, that ain't no time. I Let that say Ocho think about what I was able to accomplish in two years.


Yeah, Two years. Five playoff wins. A Super Bowl. A Pro Bowl. I feel you. How about the Broncos? Nah, we, we didn't. Hey, better team won. Don't y'all be I don't what you want me, Okay. I, I, I, I just, so hey, I don't owe you no money no more, right? Oh yeah, you do. You owe me 5,200. But the Bronco as matter fact, as a matter of fact, I'm gonna get Shirley's. Oh, wait a minute. What got the Broncos lost? I thought we, I thought We doubled it up. We gonna double? No, we ain't double nothing.


You sure? Positive I could, I could have Swo. I could have Swo. You tried To send my money to Michelle. You tried to send my money, you tried to send my money all over the place except where you were supposed to send it to me. Why? Wait a minute. I mean, listen, if I, you, you don't have any of the apps, any of the Shelly Say she got them. Who? Shelly. Okay. Okay. I, well, I'll send it to Shelly No problem. And I'm gonna need another 2000 for processing. Processing. What? Don't you pro Don't you have to process stuff on, on Cash app? Yeah. They, they already take, they already take the fee out. Whoa, whoa, Whoa. Hold on. What you say, Jordan?


Oh yeah. They said if you want it the same day I got, you gotta pay a fee. So go ahead and add that fee to it. The fee ain't number $29. Okay, well add 5,229. That's fine. That's fine. Just, just send me the information I got. I have it to you tomorrow. Here you go Jordan. Send it back over there. Hey, His head big too. He can't took his helmet off. What the hell get blood on my face? Oh yeah. How about them Broncos? Broncos country. Let's ride. It's my turn.


It's my turn. What's your turn for Ocho? I I want to talk about them. Broncos. You mighty quiet. You had so much to say about the Bengals. When the Bengals ain't make the playoffs, y'all, you know nothing. Nah, I don't, I don't hear nothing. I don't hear pee. I don't hear nothing. We not talking about Bo Nicks, we not talking about Sean Peyton. I mean, gimme, gimme something. Hold on just a second. The chat. Wanna hear what happened? Oh, Joe, I was busy fixing my helmets of the two teams that I played for the Ravens and the team from Denver. Yeah. What that you ain't for the Broncos helmet all day. What happened to your Broncos role? Why you wear today?


I don't need to wear roll, but I bet you I'll have it on next week. Oh, oh, oh, now you don't need to wear it. Y'all, y'all done win now you One It's getting dry clean. It's getting dry clean. But I'm gonna bring out, I'm gonna bring out, I'll tell you what I will have on, I bet you I have on my black Raven jacket next week. But that, that's funny. That's funny how that work. Yeah. Ain't that funny. Hey, your ma your main, your main, your main chick and your main chick, things don't work out all of a sudden. You, you, you, you want, you wanna wear all your sad chick stuff And you say there's always that one that always have access, Right? Okay. Then Ravens got access to my heart. Well, actually that's not the way it works.


The one who's been with you the longest, the one who's tenured with you the longest, that's who normally has your heart. Not the new one. That ain't nothing but lust. That Ain't nothing new. That ain't nothing but two years ain't nothing but lust. You come On. Oh no, that was great. I mean, I, they chased me. They flew me out there on a private jet. They wind and dime me. Oh, I'm feeling good. I'm feeling good. But, but in all that, look, once Buffalo got it going, Ocho I think think they had five. Whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Yeah. Whoa. Once who got it Going? The team in upstate New York.


Thank you. Don't, don't. Nothing Would've been once they got it going, I think they had like five drives or five minutes or more and they ended up getting points out of all those drives. Yeah. So when you have the, when you possess the ball for that length of time and you come away with points, now the other team's margin of error gets smaller and smaller because what's happening is that they're possessing the ball, keeping it away from you. They're not turning it over. So you can't get scooping scores of pick sixes. And when you have it, it puts so much pressure on you because now you see your defense is not slowing them down. They get third and one, they get fourth and one. Josh Allen's gonna keep the ball. Right. And now how you, now how you keep them, you know, from that, that in the situation where they don't pick it up.


Ja, James Cook ran the ball. 23 rushes 120 yards. A Allen was eight for 46. Johnson was nine for 44. And I think the play that really broke their back was that they went forward on fourth down a bought time and then he found the guy in the back of the end zone. That count of, count of that, Hey, Did you hold on, we got to pay Young Bull some respect on that catch. That was A hell of a catch Them back as a running back to be able to scoop that up, get your arm up under it so it doesn't hit the floor. Man, that, that, that was, that was, that was phenomenal. And, and keep your feet from going out bound. 'cause it was really close where it foot straight out of bounds.


But that was a heck of, look, we know what the Bulls, I think they, they were like, I think they were second or third in point score. So we know, look, they score 40 plus in back to back weeks. Yeah. They lose 42, 44 and then they come back the next week and win 45, 42. So we know the type of team that this is. They can put points on you and they can put points on you in a hurry. Look, every, both games in the A FC will be rematches. The Texans lost to Kansas City in Houston. Yep. And the bills got thump week four. Baltimore, Derrick Henry Rand Wild. Now they're gonna see, can they replicate that again?


Well, they, they, you, you know, you know they, they're gonna do the same thing. The Ravens are going to line up and do exactly what they've always done. They're not changing nothing. They're not changing nothing. You have a wrinkle or two, you know, a wrinkle or two. That's pretty much it. But what you see is what you get when you watch film on the Ravens the past 17, 18 weeks, including the first playoff game. You've seen the same thing you've seen all season. Right? You line up, you know it's coming and you still can't stop it. Right? They haven't, nobody's been able to stop it. Now. There been, there have been a, a few, a few bumps in the road. Well, they don't give Henry enough carry, huh? Well, they don't give Henry enough carries the question.


Will they have za flowers back? Remember Ocho, he missed the first game. Will he be back? That's another weapon that they have at their disposal. Right? Those two big tight ends are really playing well for the Ravens. But hey, but listen, the bills, okay, the team in upstate New York, they got a great set of tight ends. Now I don't think they're on the level of Andrews and likely Knox and King K play and good Making good And good. And normally what happens, and I I I maybe I'm wrong in this. Maybe it's just my my war way of thinking, but teams that normally have good tight ends, they struggle covering other teams tight ends. So we're gonna see, can Baltimore take advantage of linebackers and safeties and coverage on likely and Andrews and can the other team take advantage of Kincaid and Knox Right?


And, and pass coverage against the Raven. But it's gonna be, it's gonna be every, this is the matchup everybody wanted to see and all this, this is what they wanted to CO Joe. They really did because we believe these are the two front runners for the MVP. Right? I believe Lamar is gonna win because he is the first to, he's the all pro quarterback, right? First team Josh Ella was second team. Now it is hard, it is gonna be hard for me to see. 'cause these are the same 50 guys, men and women that voted for the All-Pro team. They vote for the MVP. Yeah. Now, unless something unforeseen happened, Saquon ends up winning it. Now I can understand, I I'm just saying Ocho, I could understand that Lamar first team quarterback Saquon Barkley wins the MVP.


Right? I couldn't understand if, if Lamar is the, the first team, AllPro quarterback and Josh Allen is somehow MVP. So how could he be the MVP and not be first team? I wanna get that. It's kinda like Mark Sal, mark Saul was defensive player of the year and he wasn't first team all NBA, which makes no sense to me. Right? How can you be an MVP? So how can Josh Allen be an MVP and not be first team all pro? So that's my only, that's the only thing I can think of. Ocho Saquon, Barclays, the MVP. That would make sense. Anybody Other than that, it doesn't make sense to me being the MVP over Lamar.


So you were, you, you, you leaning to, you leaning towards Lamar also. Lamar, Yeah. A absolutely. Absolutely. And listen, the voters voice been consistent. The voters voice been consistent with it since 2013. Huh? Since 2013. The first, if A MVP was a quarterback, he was also first team all pro. Yeah. So you go back to, to Peyton and Brady and Rogers and Mahomes Lamar, every first team quarterback that every quarterback that one MVP since 2013 has been. Yeah. And I think Peyton kicked it. Peyton kicked that off.


Peyton. The, the only, the only, the only time where I think it could've changed or would've been perfect is if San Juan played that last game and was able to reach the, in able to reach that that not only in the sit, but get that make history. I think it would've changed everything. I think it would've changed everything. But they, they chose to sit out. He chose to sit out. But look, they played extremely well today. When they play it like this, they get it going. And a team at home, ojo, they get it going on. You, it's hard, it's hard to stop it. Very 42 minutes to 19 to 18 minutes, 26, they doubled 'em up on first downs.


They were 50% a little, they were a little over 50% on third down. They were two for two on fourth downs. They, they ran 30 more plays. They doubled 'em up in total yards. They had the same amount of drives. But, and Buffalo, think about it. Buffalo was what? Run for five in the red zone. Denver was oh of one. Neither team turned the ball over. The better team won hands down the better quarterback they had everything That's better. And once that, once the, the defense couldn't get off the field on third and fourth downs, they started scoring touchdowns.


You could see the life, you know, it's kinda like an con or, or constrictor. Slowly, but slowly but surely they start tot squeeze the life out. You, and you could see the start to squeeze the life Yeah. Outta my team. But, You know, what's one thing I can say about the Broncos? One thing I can say about Sean Peyton is what they have found is they, they found their quarterback of the future for sure. They found, they found their quarterback of the future. He's going to have a bright future ahead of him. As you continue to build pieces around him, you're gonna be fine. Your def your defense is good. Your defense is good. And Sean Payne has always, always done well with quarterback.


Similar to that, when I would think about his, his maturation and process when he had Drew Brees all those years, now it's gonna be Bo Next's turn and Bo is gonna be fine. If you're Broncos fans, you in the, you in the chat. I mean, you should be happy. You should very be be very proud despite you, you know, going home today early, you, you went home to a better team. But at some point, maybe a year, maybe two, your team will be in the same position like Josh out than the Bills are right now because of Bo Nicks and what he's able to Oh, can I ask you a question? Yeah. Who gets excited about a team losing I'm the chance. Like, wait, where's the energy? So why they, you have my team lost Ocho Ocho My team team lost. Listen, because, because of, because what you did yesterday, what I do yesterday.


Yesterday you was high. You was energetic. They hadn't played into it. Huh? They hadn't played, I mean, even if they hadn't played, I was, I was telling you what was going to happen. You were, I didn't know what was gonna happen. I told you Yes, you, I told you what was gonna happen in week six. Y'all not gonna make the playoffs. Listen, the fact that listen, we, we would've pinched them. At least the Broncos didn't even pinch. They ain't pinch none of the bills just pitch. Y'all didn't pinch, y'all didn't pinch the Patriots. Why didn't y'all pinch them? That was, that was what, 20 weeks ago? I don't know you so by the game you 20 weeks Ago. Well, guess what? You didn't win 20 weeks ago, So you don't get to play now. It's okay. It's okay.


It's okay. My team, I know who I know, I know, I know my team. Even though, listen, there was no point in y'all even, even even going. Yes, it was, You might, we did. Y'all think about it. Y'all, y'all had led the league in quarter and passing yards, led the league in and, and, and touchdown passes a Triple Crown winner guy that led the league in Sacks and home. We ain't leave the league in nothing. Well, Hell y'all home too. What's the difference? Y'all got dark? Y'all done booked up all the hotels in Jamaica. Oh no, we got more. No, we don't. We got, We, we, we got more. We got 53 extra reservations for all y'all. We don't wanna go where y'all go. We gonna hang out with y'all.


We, we got, we got more. We going to Cabo. Hey, listen, I can tell you this. What? I can tell you this and not bleed this wholeheartedly. We would've put up a better fight than what y'all did today. Don't y'all, why did y'all should have put up a fight during the season? So you can't say you gonna put up a fight in the post season when you don't put up a fight in the season. Regular season. Listen, y'all got lucky and got in. That's it. How Do we get lucky? Because the a ffc, the FFC north is so competitives. Y'all had three teams in the playoffs. We had three teams in the playoffs. We had a 15, the chiefs are 15 and well, no, 15 and two.


15 and two. Hey, I'm drunk. Hold on. Y'all didn't have no two. No, no, no, no. Let me take that back. I apologize. Y'all had two teams in the playoffs, the Steelers and the Ravens. Two of y'all. Sorry. No. Good for nothing. Didn't make it. Who? The other team. Oh, the A FC? No, the NFC North had three teams. Yeah, Detroit, green Bay and Minnesota. A FC West Chiefs Chargers in Denver.


Listen, it's all good. I don't, I don't know. I don't mean to talk about hypotheticals. We both at home. You been talking about hypotheticals or we the least pinched them. How do we know that? Yeah. We, we would've actually, we might've won that game. If it was the Bengal, if it was that Bengal's offense that, that we saw the last two, three weeks, we would've won that game. Hey, if Jordan Picker didn't have bricks hands, the Steelers would've beat y'all. I don't remember that game. You do? I don't. Yes. I'm talking about what would've happened if we were in, we Were in the, I don't know what would've happened. I know what did happen. I'm telling we made the playoffs and y'all didn't, I'm telling you what would've happened if we was us.


I'm telling you, we would've won if we would've won the game and we wouldn't have looked, we wouldn't have went out Sad like that. Like that was embarrassing. There was no point to even show up. Yeah, That's okay now. Hey, look, you can't make me feel bad. I'm proud of my team. I'm proud of 'em too. I'm proud. I'm Proud. Are you proud of Thes? Yeah. You know, I'm proud of, I'm proud of the Broncos. I'm proud of 'em. You know. No, you're not you. No. You wanna ha us? No, I'm, no, not now. You know, I always show love. Now don't do that. No, no, No. You don't show love. I always show love. You don't show love by kicking a man white down. I'm not kicking him white down. He's still up. No, he On his, you try to kick my team. I don't even know why they showed up. We, they a been better not even showing up. They should let us win.


You been, you been kicking my team all year long. Whatcha Talking about y'all been down all year? That's the best time to kick a man. I can't. And Jack, can y'all think of a, can y'all think of a better time to kick a man? Okay. He down your feet on the ground. He right down kick him. I can't think of a better time to kick a man than when he down. Why let him up? He might get the best of yo end. No, I'm not finna let him back down. Hell no. No. I'm not finna let you up. That's funny. The Volume.


Hey, It's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan Bur here to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deur here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week we will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on La Tabla. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers and the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.