
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music, and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts casts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states, and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan Kinter. Type on a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason de Merz here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on lit tabla. Listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers and the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume NFL playoffs. We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet we are. Get on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at draftking. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks. Only at Draftking Sports Book. The crown is yours. Gambling Problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Indian Customs stopped at 3-year-old at security check-in before a flight to Canada. The Department of Forest and Wildlife conducted a forensic examination of the skull to confirm it was a baby crocodile. The animal is a protected species under the Wildlife Protection Act of 1972. Ocho what's the wildest thing you've tried to bring into your career? Alright, let, Hey, that's a good question. No, so what I, I'm trying to think the wildest thing I tried to bring into my carry on, I ain't really had nothing like this. Like I'm, I'm just gonna be honest with you too. But, you know, I travel real light. I travel real light.


Now. I know people might, might laugh at me and, you know, make fun of me, you know, but, you know, I purposely pack light when I'm traveling and one of the things that I always do, and you know, I, I mean, I mean no disrespect and I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm getting better with time as I get older, but I always steal hotel towels when I come back home. So when I travel and I go places IBI get, I take ho I take two sets of hotel towels to build up my collection at my place here. And that would be the weird, I don't, I don't even know if you think you would consider that really being weird, but I mean, that's something I do. I've never had any, any type of memorabilia or, or, or, or artifacts or anything of that, of, of that, of that nature.


But that, that's, that's, that's the only thing I can think of that I do, especially when traveling, you know, I pack, I pack one outfit, you know, I pack one pair of shoes when I go places for maybe more than two or three days and I just have multiple pairs of t-shirts, socks and underwear to be able to change. But I just rotate the same outfit over and over. But the weirdest thing I do is I, I I still sets the hotel towels. Ah, I'm trying to think. Maybe a hundred thousand dollars. Well, if you got a hundred thousand dollars, what I gotta pay you that 4,000 for? Because that's what you owe. The bank got a lot of money. They still want the money that you owe. I mean, Now run me that if You, if you Got a long time ago, they like, oh, excuse me, whose bag is this?


Like why can we go through it? Yeah, but I'm be looking at you while you do. Yeah. Damn. I thought you, I can't, I thought you can't go through TSA with that kind of money though. Isn't there a limit? No, it ain't no limit. Look, when they, when they nab people, somebody done temp them off because look, sometimes you go through there, you got a full tube or toothpaste, sometimes you got mouthwash. Ain't no nothing. I've seen people like, oh my gosh, I got through here with this bottle of water. It happened. But they just ask, you know, where you going? Right, I'm going home.


I ain't know. I ain't know that. Huh? Because yeah, I ain't know. You go through the airport with that kind of money. Money. Oh yeah, for sure. I ain't have it on my body. Ocho you make, see I have, I mean even, even tsa it would, it would alarm the agents. Why, why this individual carrying that kind of cash, you know, going, going through, going through the checkpoint? I mean, I don't think I'm gonna set up any suspicious. Do you? Yeah. You Black with a hundred thousand. I'm still share a sharp too. They like, oh, Okay, okay. Oh, you, They, they, they recognize you. They're like, okay. Yeah, you probably would have that kind Of money. Okay. Okay. I said a hundred thousand.


I hundred million. Pop, pop, pop. Hey, pop pop talk your talk, your talk, man. Hey. Yes sir. Lemme ask you this. Don't, Joe, I want to go through the, I wanna go through the airport with my $4,000 in Buffalo nickels. You think I might be able to make that happen? 4,000 and Who? Buffalo. What? It's really no point. We in, we in 2025. Right. And if, if you paid attention, technology is so advanced, they've made transactions very easy where you can use apps and you can transfer people money instantly. Yeah. Oh, Joe, I really don't, I don't feel comfortable doing anything.


I mean, last time I tried to do something with technology, you see what it got me. So I, I've staying away from technology, I'd been done drain my entire bank account. I don't put all my money in somebody else's account. So, no. So me, me and apps. Well, listen, I'm done with that. Listen, I, I, I'll tell you what, I tell you what I tell you What, What, You have a team of people that you can trust. You said I can't send it to Ash, I can't send it to Jordan. I can't send it to anybody else on your team. How about you tell Michelle, let me, let me send Michelle. I send Michelle the 4,000 and she'll get it to you.


Oh, you know what? I'm gonna see if Shelly got cash. There we go. Or, or Apple pay either one 4,000. My and it'd be over there like this. No, no, no, no. 5,200. No, you 52. What? BJ didn't get a thousand yard receiver. So you Tampa, I mean Miami. Yep. And I want no for the dolphins. And I want, I want 202. Oh, I want 200 and Oh Yeah. That, that was my idea. Yeah, that was my idea. Appreciate that. Okay, cool. Bet. I, I think, I think one time be you should allow me to experience what it's like to be in the country after you and I we should, we should take some, take a video and, and go out in the woods and record you and I out in the woods, you know, with, with, with, with dangerous animals.


Bears and coyotes, lions, all that. I'm good. I grew up Yeah. In the country and saw bobcats and saw all that stuff. And rattlesnakes. I No, I'm just saying that would be great content for us. Like Uncle Ocho take on the wilderness like, like grizzly bear. I'ma, i'ma give you a camera, but I'll let you do it. And then Ocho and the unc edits Ocho Man, you not living man. Unc, you alive, but you ain't living. Come on Chad. Well y'all tell this man I grew up in, see, here's the thing. You want me to do stuff I've already done for 21st 20 Years of my life. That's my understanding is you can go, you can, you can go back to what you know, you can, you can, you can pass on your expertise to me and your experience.


When we are in the woods, we in the wilderness, like me and you, we could be per up in a tree, we can see a grizzly bear. You could teach, You do realize bears can climb trees. Right? Right. That's the exciting part about it. The fact that we're in the tree Ain't excited About it. Be in a tree and a grizzly bear can get up there. So what do we do next? What do we do next? Well, I'm gonna have a gun. I'm shoot it. That's what I, that's whole point. That is great content. Well, you can't, you can't. If you, if you look, if you are threatened, I mean, a lot of places they right. The bear is protected. Now they do have places where you can hunt. You have a certain time of year, I think that you can hunt.


But nah, I ain't really trying to, I Ain't really trying. Maybe not, man. That we could have a whole, we could have a whole nature show. Man, think about it. Unc ocho takes on the, I'm like, I'm, I'm telling you man, that that'd be crazy. Go me, me teaching me how to fish. Okay, now, now we can do that. Teach, Do that, how to skin it. And you know, we hunt squirrels and raccoons and stuff like that. And then we, we work our way up to bigger animals. I'm telling you. Right. Well, all you gotta do, look, all you gotta do is you going dress the animal, you're hanging the animal upside down. I mean, look, ain't nobody casing out, no squirrel.


So you basically, you split him down the back. Yeah. And you pull and you just like you taking off your shirt and pull your, you pull your pants down, you take his shirt off. That's how, how you do a sports, matter of fact, not the bad. Now if you case and This's the catcher, huh? Not only are we stuck in the woods, we don't get to eat unless we catch it. We got it. We gotta catch. I'm Not, you are not the person I wanna be stuck in the woods with because you don't know. Ish. So I don't wanna be stuck in the, You just said you have 20 years of experience being in. Yes. But you don't know how to make a fire. You don't know how to, to Build Time. Nothing. I smoke cigars. I don't need to know how to make a fire if I'm gonna have my goddamn lighter on me.


That I, I thought the whole party that you wanted to go in, the thing that you wanted to experience nature, I, you're not allowed, allowed to have a lighter. I was a cub scout. I was a cub. I was a cub scout. No, I am not going. I was a cub scout. You see what happened in Their, I start a fire, Some jack leg, some Jack Legg thought it would be a be be a great idea. No, I'm not going nowhere with you. With no lighter. Look, we could go, we'll take a, we'll take what you call 'em, Right? A flint. Yeah. We get it started. Well you listen. We'll do that. Listen, I don't need a flint. I know how to do it with two rocks. Two rocks and a twig. Two rocks and a t.


Boy. I was a, I was a lead cub scout. I was a lead Cub Scout. Scout sa scout. So You, you about to played for the, a baseball team named the Cub. That's about To get nah missing. I'm telling you. Dope dg, shout out to the bangers for winning the triple crown flight. You be for winning the triple Crown flight Hotel, rental car flock. Also, also take your money out your check like the NFL he used to it. We'll talk, we we'll see by them, bro. In fact, let me look at the scale. Let me see what time they play tomorrow. Oh Joe, you can not flock it. Not a Raven.


Raven. You not a raven. I'm just telling you. I'm just telling you Absolutely said keep talking. Your i I am a raven. I was No, you was there for two years. Huh? Come on man. That's like if you was married, you were married for 12 years, right? Then y'all get divorced and you go dating this other chick for two years. Like there's really no meaning. There's no, there's no no, no, no. Nothing between y'all. We were in love In two years. Nah, nah. I'm a part of what started the culture for the Ravens.


Nah, you are a Denver Bronco. And I made that with the utmost respect. That, that I'm just telling. You know what I think I'm gonna have Myra, I think I'm gonna wear my Raven Super Bowl ring at, at, at, at the Super Bowl. Why Could you do that? Because that would signify that I ring don't Have the Bronco Bowl ring. I got two. I got one. I gave one to my brother. Okay. Alright. So you know you got extra if you give stuff away, you know what I'm saying? I got an extra pair of shoes. I give one to somebody. Right, right, right. That's indeed. That's what little brothers do. They take care of, you know.


Well, well, since, since, since I, okay. Well yeah. How, how Find two cameras of my debt and pretend you Sally. Oh no. Hey, didn't you hear President Biden say he's abandoning paying, paying off student loans? Yeah, you gotta run that. Oh, so, so they, oh, so they lied to everybody. Hey, there was the first round that got taken care of. It's this other round that ain't Gonna to get taken care of. Yeah, it did. They probably, they probably pick and chose who, who they took care of too. I don't know what it did. I'm picking and choosing to, I fine. I got You. Play up hoop.


We all have experience praying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees. Fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by bankcorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members. FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out of network, out-of-network ATMs.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it. Yeah. It was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color Edition. It's extremely pink. Mm Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondents and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Podcast.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey, look, hey, you know what? Despite, despite what you may think, you know, as far as perception and, and meme when it comes to, you know, just doing stuff like that. Now I will do it. I I will do it. You do it Ocho you do it for you because you need to know what what the defense is gonna do. You ain't trying to look at you ain't trying to look at No, just, I I would, I would enjoy it though. I would, I would think I would enjoy it. You know, Chad, what y'all, y'all think O Joe? Y'all think O Joe would watch tape? Hey man, you won't believe this man tonight, man. Oh man, man, what? Well, listen, I, I almost, I almost ain't make this show, bro. I went to jail, bro.


Man, what happened? Well, listen, so my daughters my two, my two oldest, you know, they, they, they in town right now, man. Jakira and Sade. Thank you baby. I know y'all might be watching. I love y'all. I appreciate it. They took me to, took me to no food for dinner. Right. You know, no food. They took you where? I've never been to restaurants. Okay. You know, obviously those type of restaurants. So it was nice. You know, they sell sushi and stuff like that, you know, I don't, whatever. I, I enjoyed it though. The ambiance was cool. The service was phenomenal. It was, it was out there on Collins. I'm talking about Nobu. I'm talking about no food. Nobu. So, so I, I was gonna say that I'm looking out like that saying no food.


I ain't never heard of that, but, okay. He telling the story in the story. Let feel food. I ordered, I ordered shrimp and pork rolls. I don't like avocados. So I had him remove the avocado. I ordered steak. I ordered a steak as well. Skirt skirt steak. It, it was chopped up in half, you know, it was cool. And my daughters ordered. But they, but, but they ordered. And I, I, I tasted some of their food. Would it be my First time, you know, experiencing this restaurant? It, it was cool. It was cool. It's not something I would go to on my own, but it was their, it was their suggestion. They wanted to do some nice for me. So boom, I enjoy that boom. So I tell them I'm watching the game on my phone and the waiter keep coming, trying to make sure I'm okay. I'm like, man, I'm okay man. I'm just watching the game. So I know what to talk about tonight, you know, on Nightcap.


And he know, you know, man, I'm a fan of the show. I really enjoy. I like it. You and Unc, you know the chemistry. Y'all are really funny, man. And so I say cool. So I paid the bill early 'cause I know I gotta leave. So by the time the third quarter hit, I jumped in the car. So I jumped in the car just to make sure I'm able to get here on time. I'm speed. I'm doing about 80. Right. I didn't realize I was doing 80, I was doing 80 to 65. So I'm like, oh, snap, boom. The lights come on behind me. Oh Lord. Oh, police done pull me over, man. I put my seatbelt on. I ain't having my seatbelt on. So I like, I hurried my skirt and you know, snuck my seatbelt on real quick. Right, right. Dude come to the door.


He tapped on the window. I roll the window down. I said, how you doing sir? He ain't even say nothing back. I was trying to be nice. He said, papers. I said, scissors. I said, well, he had lost. So you went back to the car shoot. Well, he back the car. Shoot, I drove off. Yeah. So I drove off. Shoot, I took off. He done came back behind me. So I'm thinking maybe he want a rematch because he lost some paper rock. So, you know, 'cause he talking about paper shit. I said symptoms. So I thought left because he thought he, he lost. Right. Man, I took him off.


I brought him all the way to the house, man. He came be drove. He followed me all the way to the house. Wrote me a ticket, man. He said, you lucky. You lucky. I like your humor. See, you are lucky and you're lucky. I like your humor and I'm a fan of yours. And I said, man, you watch the show too. He said, yeah. And I was trying to figure out, and he said, I left to go back to the car so I can get an autograph of the picture. I wasn't leaving. I, he, he didn't leave when I said a scissors. And I say, Hey, I won. He didn't leave. He left to go get a paper to go get a pen so I could sign something. But I took off and left. I, I, I thought he would, I thought he was done. He just wrote me ticket. So he wrote your ticket. Ticket.


Man ticket. But it's cool, it's cool. I listen, I, I was trying to be funny. I would try to be about papers. Yeah. I mean, what? No, I, I don't, I don't, I don't Say registration. Registration and driver's license. Please. He said papers. I said, So I ocho ocho you, I, I, I, I think you forgot what color you are. Oh, I'm, I'm in Miami. I'm good. Yeah, I'm good. I'm good. I'm Good. No, you're not good. Ask Tyre, You good. But that's different. Regain from here. I'm from home. Tyree Hill. Yeah. Yeah. Home. If you was from home, you wouldn't have got no ticket. Oh. But, but he had to, he had to follow me for 30, 30 more minutes. So that's why I got it.


I Don't care. He, he supposed to, he's supposed to have, have gave you escort home. Lupe Fiasco becomes the first rapper to be a, a university professor teaching rap. The students pursuing bachelor's degree in hip hop music at John Hopkins ocho. Which college class would you teach? I mean, if there was a course, if there was a course that I could teach on something that I, I love some that I'm passionate about being that Lupe Fiasco is a, he's a rapper. So he's, he's very world versed in that area. For me, it would probably have to be marine biology.


Marine biology. Oh my goodness. Yeah. Marine biology would, would, would have to be something that I would do. It's something that I have a passion about. If it's not marine biology, it'd probably have to be so, Oh, Joe, do you know the difference between the Mullins and the crustacean? What? Wait, hold on. When we talk about marine biology, it would be on, in, in, in specifics on what I have interest in that then. No, that's but the Marine, so now this man talking about the marine biology, I just asked you a simple Question. Do I know the difference between what A mulli and a Crust? Yeah. Crus station is a restaurant in la Yeah.


I don't think, I don't pay marine biology. Your calling we about, we about to get So with football, what about robbery? No, No, nah, nah, nah, nah. No. Marine biology. Now. Then there's specifics when it comes Toro, when you talk about marine biology under the umbrella of, of, of it, of it in its totality. Now when it comes to killer whales and dolphins, that's my expertise. I need to, I Need, but there's more, you hold on. You just can't talk about Marine, but you just can't talk about killer. Killer. Well, that's My specialty. You, you do realize in order to have a specialist, let's just say for the sake of argument, you want to be a orthopedic, you do realize you just can't say, you know what, I'm gonna be an orthopedic.


Right. You gotta do, you gotta go to four years of med school, then you gotta do a residency, and then you gotta do another two to four years of, of specialty. That's fine. So you just don't get to do the specialty without having the six years of the training. Right. That's fine. So I, I do have the training. I I have the training. Listen, I have 57 years of experience of training. So, I mean, you know, it's, it's, it's something that I could do. Oh man. What would you do if you was a professor and had the opportunity to teach a course? History. History. History. Yes. What kind of history? There's different types of history. Now. What kind of history? We talking about world history, what We can do.


We can do Black American history, we can do, we can do, you know, civil war. We can do Civil war. Yeah. It all depends on what type of history you wanna talk about. I do have a minor in history. I do. Okay. I did win Jeopardy. You know, I wasn't Jeopardy. I went dunk on up. I beat you every Night. Yeah. I mean, but you're briefed on those questions. So there, there's a different, there's a difference. Like, I'm not, I'm not briefed on any, any of the things that I'm going to be spelling. So, I mean, it's a little bit more difficult for me.


Hey, look, I never said, I never said spelling was my strong suit. History is my strong suit. Okay. My ability to recall dates and events. I think it's pretty Good. Okay. Well listen, I just have a question for you. Since history crawling. Yes. What year was it that the Roman Empire fail? Oh Lord have mercy. Oh, what year did the Roman Empire? Do you know? Oh yeah, I know. Oh, I, I definitely know. And it, and matter of fact, I have a backup question to that. Maybe you know this one, there's a young wars have been started all over the World War.


Yes. With the Romans and the Greeks started over. What woman? What is the woman's name? What woman? The chosen war. There's, there's the, yeah. You know, and, and still to this day, wars are started over women cleopat. And that's wrong. It was Helen of Helen of Troy. Now I don't think history is your strong suit. So we gonna have Oh, he history. My strong suit. No Ocho, I beat you every night. No, you beat you beat me in stuff you're briefed on and already know the answer to.


No, I know the answer to because I've read over the years and recall it. Mancho Ocho I just asked you. I just asked, I just went Ocho who? Willow jeopardy and won. Who went on jeopardy and won. Listen, if I'm a student in your class, he did the type of questions I'm gonna ask you. Is my history teacher hoping you have the answer to? Okay, how about this? In the movie Glory. In the movie Glory, First of all, yes. What War did they fight that ended the movie? Yeah. Ocho You do realize, Ocho you do realize like, so you'd like do like a lot of Greek mythology and stuff like that.


Yeah. Ocho you said marine biology. You said you, you said, okay, this is my specialty. All I'm saying is in order to get to a specialty, you've gotta do six years, six to eight years before you train for the Specialty. I, you understand, I was in school for years, since I was a kindergarten that I had more than six to eight years. No, that doesn't count. That doesn't count that man say that count. All, all those years I've been in school. All that counts. No, no, no. Trust me. That don't count on Joe. That's a, that's a different level. My daughter's still in med school. I I'm still, I'm wondering what she getting out.


She seems like she been in med school for, she been in med school for about eight years though. For real though. No, no, no. Bull drive. Oh Man. And she finally, as she finally got, she go graduate in in June and having to go have to relocate again. That bad said that bad said that bad. Said he been to school. So OCHO want to teach Youma read biology. I don't really know. Look, I people need to start to get, stop getting, getting away from, from, from, from majors. They ain't making no money. Whatcha Gonna do with that? Well, you work at a Wait, That's, that's not the problem. Now the problem is not the majors.


Right? So you can have a major, whatever it may be, communications business. The issue is finding a job that pays, you know, Well you already, The hard part, that's The all you gotta do, all you gotta do is go say, okay, occupations top 50 occupations top 20 occupations top 10. But that, That's, that's not the problem. The problem is actually getting a job based on the degree that you have in field, it's hard to get the damn job. Well most of the time, most of the time OCHO people don't actually work in the field that they got a degree in. Right. I got, 'cause I get a degree OCHO then I got, and I, I'm looking for that field. But in the meantime, I gotta take a job.


'cause I gotta pay the bills Now after I've been here for five or six years, damn. Trying to get a job in my fulfill. I've already settled in, I got seven years towards the a, a, a retirement as opposed to starting over and get, try to get seven more years. So I've worked 14 years and hell, I still got, I mean now talking about they trying to, they probably look like they might raise the, the age of medic Medicare when you can retire. Retire at age. What? 65. They talking about go to 70, 72. Who the hell wanna work that long and just die once you done? Nah, hell nah.


No money. Money make you happy. Now are you, you I don't need four grand. Are you happy right now? Hell no. As a matter of fact, I'm about to do something bad to you. Now that you mentioned it, you brought it back up. I'm even more, you know what? I'm even more kicked off that, you know, you owe me and they broke bread with me. You know what? No, I'm just trying to use that example. Now you can, you pay Jimmy as I'm about to make an example outta you. I'm about to use you as an example since you like examples talking about a, or you have, I owe you $4,000. Don't use me in your example. Use me an example as the guy that you paid.


That's the kind of example I want. I've been trying to pay the last two shows. But you don't want to download the apps. I have. I Well, I got, hold on. Why do I gotta break what I normally do? Well, listen, I don't have no cash app on Cho, I don't have email I got, so I don't know how you, I can't get no games. I can't even play no games. This is, you had, you have to evolve with the time. You have a team of people for I evolved. You Didn't evolve. How do you evolve and we, I can't even send you a simple transaction. Well see the $4,000. That's what I pay somebody to do all the stuff that I can't do. Okay, well let me, let me send the $4,000 to the people who pay who you pay to do the stuff for you.


No. Where'd he do that at? Oh, I owe the bank. Oh, bank let me send your money to somebody else. Well, well obviously, obviously if you don't, if you don't have a rout number, you don't have a rout number, you don't have Apple Pay, you don't have Cash App, you don't have Venmo, you don't have I got something better than Apple Pay. I got something better than Apple Pay. Ocho Pay. Hey, listen, Today's your third day. But listen to me now, now I'm being very respectful. You know, I I'm very respectful of my elders. Now this is the third day I've tried to pay you. Now three strikes after the third strike. Now you out. Now the the the, the money just the money goes into, in, into, into a vault. And I can't, I can't, I can't see you until I see you in person in February of New Orleans.


And ain't no guarantee Beat Brian up by this money. It Ain't no guarantee I'm having it either. You remember when Stu you remember when beat Brian up about his money. He know you got money for fake mustaches, but you ain't got money to pay me and this. And guess what happened? Brian went in his pocket. He gave Stewart him money, didn't he? Yeah. I'm just trying to Tcho, I don't have that stuff. I just told you. You want me to go take a picture? You can see Ash, Ash account is on my Netflix and Amazon. Everybody in the chat has told you on multiple occasions. It's a simple download on your iPhone.


You have an iPhone, you have wifi. Go, go go. I got two iPhones. Oh, you got two iPhones. Oh, so now you showing out? Yep. You, you showing out. Okay, cool. You got two phones too. I got one phone. That's all you need. Exactly Now. Okay, so that say, so that means you got 68 extra hundred dollars and all you gotta do is add 2,400 to it and gimme my money. I'm trying to get with you. That's what I'm trying to explain to you. But you listen, you, you making things difficult. How am I making things difficult? Because I haven't You Owe me. Huh? I didn't even wanna bet you and I let you off easy. You said o bj was gonna get a thousand yard.


Okay, I owe you 5,000 then. Ain't no problem. I I give one. You Just throw that out. I owe you 5,000. When you gonna pay it when You download one of the apps where I can make I don't ocho ocho. Even if I downloaded it, I wouldn't know how to get it. Ashley Explain it to you. You have, you have a team of people that can explain it to you. How I can see the money at this point just don't want the money. I Want it. I mean if, if to download the app, like I'm trying, I'm trying to be respectful. I'm trying to be respectful. I don't wanna to get an attitude because I owe you. But you about to make me mad. Yeah. I'm like, oh, you about to get an attitude about my money.


What kind of boy this man talking about, he about to get an attitude about my money. Not me getting an attitude. He about to get an attitude. Chad, you This man. Hey, I'm just, hey, I'm trying to make life easy for you man. I this man. Hey You to get attitude. I don't listen, I don't wanna, I don't want, I don't want to jump over my elders. I I'm, I'm not like that. I want, I want, I want, I I promise you, I told you I ain't got no problem. I can't stop nobody from jumping on me. But if I can't get you off, I want you to stay right there.


But I promise you, I promise you if you grab me, I'll make you turn me loose. I guarantee you how you turn me loose. You know I know Judo man. I know, I know Judo. I'm say all I'm saying you, I can't stop nobody from grabbing me, but I'm gonna make you turn dude. All Alright. This man say he, he talking about he go, he got a attitude. Man, listen, I I'm trying to help you. I'm trying to make, I'm trying to make life easy for you. And you, you're trying to complicate things. I ain't trying to complicate it. Ojo. I could have sent you your money three days ago. We on day three and I'm still telling you to download the app.


You don't wanna download that mean you just don't want the money. I'm trying. There's nothing. There's people in the chat. I think they've grown frustrated as well. I want one. I want one of the more big old checks. I want one of no big old checks. I want to go big checks like they give you at if I won the lottery. Matter of fact, you know what I could do that, that at, at, at the show show. We'll we'll start a show. We'll start a live show. I'm bringing your money with them. Big old one. 'em big checks. Now listen, now I'm gonna post date it now don't you go cat, don't you go turn, don't you go cash that Until I, until I This man, first of all, the man tell me he gonna post date.


He gonna post date my check. He already late but now he gonna postdate it. Hey, you know how black folk is now. I'm gonna let you know now I'm gonna let you know when to put it in the bank. Yeah, That money ain't gonna be there till Friday. And you put it in there before the date I take to put it in. There ain't gonna be no money there now. That's on you. Hey, The money ain't gonna be there till Friday at noon. Now if you take your ass to the bank at Friday at nine. Okay? They go pull your ass at the back. So I'm just telling you, Friday at noon cash the check. 9 10, 11 59. Don't you take your ass to the bank and try to cash your check. Now this man said he going to post date my check and he already left.


Yeah, just, just to, just to make sure. Just to make sure. Well won't you add interest since you post Dave? What? What you want me to get? I all right. 50 I 5,200. Thank you. That ain't nothing. That ain't No big ball. Oh, you owe Big Ball. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh listen. 2020. 2020. Oh, you got, you got a hundred Ball. Yeah. 20, 20, 24 and 2025 has been off to a it is been phenomenal for me. You hear me? God has favor. My cup Run is over.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville, we're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There Was something sentiment when you it, when when you send it, yeah. You're always like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondence and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd named Tainment about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NHL un scripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way, NHL network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're still gonna find out. We're not just hockey talk, we're gonna all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now, You wish you could pull off my short shorts. Viki, That's sure. To ka a ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ooh, Ojo. Now see, we got a little extra time ojo. We got your segment coming back. We doing it right now. Spell, hold On. Hold on. Yep. Hold on. Yeah, I gotta make, I gotta make my entrance. I gotta make my entrance. Yeah. Gotta make my entrance. Let's go, let's go chat. Let's go. Ocho. The first word wait is flummoxed flu flummoxed. Flummoxed. Yes. The last discussion between the onside and fourth and 20 had ocho completely flumed.


That could be wrong, but I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, yes. Flu flux flux. F-L-U-M-I. XE what? No. F-L-U-M-M-O-X-E-D. Luox. It means confused. Wait a minute. Well now listen, listen, I, I need you to do, do me a favor on these next words. I need you to pronounce and sound the words all the way out because that Flumed I said flummox The definition Had, and I even gave you the de I even gave you the definition. It had, it had two Lumix, It had two M Right?


Flus. When you, when you, when you say it, you said Yes. So you need to say flu mix. I said flummoxed it. Let, It lets me know. There are two M No, nah, I don't need to say that because nobody's saying Lemme know had to end. So I didn't know that. Now, okay, come on. Okay, your next word is billingsgate billingsgate. A word used to describe course language. Billingsgate Billingsgate. B-I-L-L-I-N-G-S-G-A-T-E.


Correct. Playing With Don't play with this is what I do. Your next word is, huh? Is Apethorpe Octo Thorpe Otto. Otto Thorpe. Otto Thorpe. Tpe. I'm Just saying auto ain't An automobile. I'm, I'm asking. No. Oh, don't do that. You heard what I said. I said a hor Hey. Whoa, whoa. Ocho, you, there you go.


Ocho ocho. Look at Mepe. M I'm confused. Octo Thorpe. Octo. Octo. So Octopus starts with oc. So I'm assu I'm assuming Octo as well starts with oc, right? Octo Thorpe. Hey. Hello. Octo. Thor. Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm taking a guess here. Yes. OCT Octo. OCTO. Thorpe. T-H-O-R-P-E.


Octo Thorpe. I know I'm wrong. This bad. Look at that bad chat. Well, y'all stop putting y Are you, Did I get it right? Yeah, you got it right. But they writing it. We gotta take matter of fact, you talk about, you talk about it being in chat. My chat ain't even up. Matter of fact, hold on. Lemme show you. Oh yeah, no wait. Don't say nothing. Don't say nothing. Look at my camera. Look what's on my camera. No. Oh my God. Hold on. You Got the computer up. Hold on, Hold on, hold on. No wait. No. Thank you. You I got my computers up my computer.


Yeah. Yeah. A man. Just Stop it. Apologize. Best tune ap. Apologize. Best tune. Best tune. Fast. Are you gonna apologize? Please apologize. No. Okay. Hold on. I gonna apologize for being wrong. Absolutely not. Who? Fast Tune Fest. Fest Fest. Like when you fess up to something, right? I fessed up to it. It starts with FES. Yes. So I'm assuming fe tune. I know it's probably some weirdo, some weirdo butchering of the English language.


The way this is spelled fest tune. FES. Now when you say tune, is it like, like tune, like, like the radio when you tune into something, is it TOON or the TUNE Fest Fe Huh? Fe tune. Best tune. I I I don't, I don't like that We're not ingredients and you trying to to be on my side and help me figure this out. Fe tune. Can I get, can I get Describe Decor Fest Tune and how a place is decorated Fest tune. You know it, I'm I'm, I'm gonna take a wing at it.


F-E-S-T-T-O-O-N. I know it's wrong. You serious? Bullshit. That's to No, that's right. Oh, The next word. Who accusation? Now I've Never heard accusation. I've never heard accusation, but I've heard accusations, Ac accusation. It describes a person who eats or drinks laying down. Accusation, Accusation, Accusation. Okay. Acu. A Q accusation.


A-C-U-B-A-T-I-O-N. I know it's wrong. Ah, It's A-C-C-U-B. So you not a TN Occupation. So you not gonna gimme, describe the person who eats a drink while laying down. No, because You not gonna gimme that. Well, I needed you to whisper. Hey, listen, you could have gave me that me that man, If you, You could that Your bonus is Leo bib.


Leo Kle. Hey, that's a good one. Okay, the word ocho, listen to me listen closely. The word is bib. Leo kle. A person who Steals books. I mean, why, why didn't just say spell thief? Alright. No, because the bib clipped bib Leo Thief kp bib bibly. BI know. BIBL biblio bib. BIBL bib.


O-B-I-B-L-O. No, no, no, no, no. Bib. BO Bly. Hey, I, I don't like this word. Why? Because I, I'm, I'm getting stumped. I don't know if it's BBLO. No, it ain't. It can't be BLOA Person who steals books. B-I-B-L-E-O. Cle. K-L-E-P-T. I know that's wrong.


B-I-B-L-I-O. Kl. I was off by. I was off by, I was off by lo. What You got two, right? Billingsgate? No, you got three, right? And You trying to cheat, man, Billingsgate. Yes I did. No, he didn't get Billingsgate. Oh, You cheat. Oh, you trying To cheat. You didn't, you did. You got Billingsgate, you got Cheating. No, you got Tto Thorpe. You got Une and you got Billingsgate. I Was four, Six. You got three. You was three or six. Hey y'all, boy, You missed Flemming.


You trying, You trying to cheat, missed boy Achieve. It's all good Ocho that the Biblio clip was a bonus. So actually you were, you were three for five, but you missed a bonus. Three for six. So the bonus gets in there, The Volume.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,000 thousand 500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirrorball Trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Let's have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show, ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Ad Nam Bur here to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deir here and after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on Lit tablet. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.