
This is an iHeart podcast.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say. Do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen. And that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


The NBC nightly News Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News. I'm Tom Brohan. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for Us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


The volume OKC did what they needed to do. They came to Indiana and got a game. The going back to OKC Tide two, two, thanks to a 1 11, 1 0 4 victory. Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite. Unc Shannon Sharpe. My partner and co-host Liberty City is on bingo ring of Fame honoree. He's the pro bowler all pro. That's Chad Itch, Ochocinco Johnson. And the third member of our squad, Arkansas Little Rock native hold on.


University of Arkansas Alum Iso Joe Joe Johnson. And joining us to break down the game tonight is a three time all star NBA champ, 1996 National Champion winning at the University of Kentucky Antoine Walker Wan, thanks for joining us again. We will get to you in just a second. Please make sure y'all hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button. And guys go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We want to thank each and every one of you. If you're listening, if you're watching, we can't thank you enough for your support and hopefully you'll continue to give us your continued support because thanks to you, it's because of you. We're able to do what we're able to do and we cannot thank you enough.


So thank you again. Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We have it in stock. Now if you can't find Shea by La Porter in a package shop or total wines or wherever the case may be in a city or a state near you, order it online and we'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Make sure you check out my media company page on all of its platforms, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. That link is pending into the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. The thunder, even the series Tutu Shaa was sensational night.


The first 44 minutes guys, he had two free throws. Yeah, the last, the last eight minutes last, excuse me, last four minutes. He had eight free throws. So he was 10 of 10 for the night. Jalen Williams was 11 of 11. He had 35 points on 12 and 24 shooting. Jalen Williams was eight of 18. 1111 from the free throw line, Chet six and six from the free throw line. But I thought the guy that kept a minute, just like Mathre did the other night, it was Alex Caruso. He was sensational tonight. He didn't let them. He didn't. And and and don't get me wrong, Obie Toppin played well They got what, 35, 16 30, 36 points. Yeah, 36 points from their bench. But Caruso was tremendous early Joe album.


Lemme I'm gonna start to you and then Wan, we gonna kick it off to you Joe, lemme ask you a question. Did the thunder win this game or did the Pacers lose it? Nah, the Thunder won it man. It was a great game. It was kind of teeter tied pretty much throughout the whole game. And the thunder. I scored 'em by 14 in that fourth quarter. That was the tail of the game right there. Yep. Hey look, I ain't gonna tell y'all no lie. I was nervous over here. I was watching the game for OKC because I felt, You know, especially toward the end of that third torn, You know, Indiana took the momentum, You know what I mean? I felt like I said man, they going to end up closing these boys out. 'cause OKC looked like they had got a little fatigued down the stretch. Well they did to that third and in the fourth quarter they just made big play after big play. And the pacer seemed like they had a hard time scoring and the paces in, I mean the OKC ended.


They're pulling it out Wan what you think honestly. Well, honestly, I'm gonna be be honest and we, we gotta be honest fellas. You know we doing this, you saw the MVP? Yep. Sha take this game to the next level fourth quarter. Yeah. It's the reason why he got the a, the award. We looked for those type of performances to go on a road and close the game out and he did what he had to do and that's what he did. He did to even his series up and he did what he had to do. But also too, You know, you gotta think about it when you look at what Indiana, and don't get me wrong, Indiana's been great all year. I love Indiana. I actually have, I think Indiana can win this series. But when you're doing it by committee it makes it hard when you don't really have that guy.


I know we, You know, we talk about Tyler Harburg, You know Tyler a lot and, and think that he can get it done, but they do it by committee. They don't do it. You know, KC is for young as they are and the way they play Shaa has to play great and deliver for them down the stretch for them to win. Yeah. We all know that. No matter how good, we know how great they've been all season, we know Williams has been great. We got no check and have his moments where he plays great. But when Shea plays great and delivers they win. And with Indiana is too much by committee. I don't know if you guys felt the way I felt. You just don't know who's gonna make a shot. I look at the offense, it's just too random. It's not like, You know, and Joe, you wanna stand this more?


I wanna be able to give it to my guy. We're gonna run a pick and roll. He's gonna make the best place gonna look the score or get the best guy or possible shot. Yeah. Indiana is too random for me. And that's what happens ladies in games and it gets too random. Well, okay, see we know Shay's taking that shot. Yeah, we know Shay's gonna make that shot. He's gonna take that shot Indiana just too random and I, I don't wanna take anything away from where he at right now and still have a chance to win this title. But when you're doing it by committee it's tough man. And these type of games, Ocho you had the, the Pacers to win the series. You had 'em pick to win this game. What didn't you like about what you saw from the Pacers down the stretch? Well, Listen, obviously it wasn't enough plays. I'm gonna piggyback off what Twan said.


It's too random. It's too random. They, they can't actually run a set play and have a specific guy that's a go-to guy that can get you a shot when you want to. Like he like wan say they do everything by committee and it really ain't, honestly I think the Pacers lost this game because of what the goddamn thunder decided to do. Let's talk about identity. NGA gonna do it. Oh do what XGA do no matter what. He's always gonna close the game on. You know he ain't worried about efficiency. He gonna take them guy damn shots and get his points. But the thunder, the thunder finally remembered who they are, what they've done all postseason. What they didn't do the first two games is they abandoned their bigs. And what they did tonight went right back to their big lineup.


They had she run and Isaiah Hartstein starting together just like they did the whole peak, the whole postseason. And what happened, Chad had a double, double hardest time to have a, he didn't have a great game but listen, they wanted to paint. They won a glass and hell they won the goddamn game. Yeah. SGA is the first player since Jerry West to have 35 plus points and zero assist in the finals game. Caruso the first bench player in the NBA finals history with 20 points and five steals in the game. Jordan, pull that back up. And Jalen Williams had 27 points. He was sensational tonight. You can see why he was an all NBA selection. Everybody think Joe, you and I, we questioned them switching their lineups.


Man you in the finals you got there won 68 games and with the exception of their nuggets, you won relatively e you swept, you swept Memphis, you'll lose one game to a Minnesota, you have to go, I mean you had to go seven with the nuggets but you end up blowing them out. And so I didn't understand Twan, I didn't understand Joe and I we were talking about it. I didn't understand why they went to that small lineup because maybe they saw the success that Indy had against Cleveland. Yeah. Two bigs the success they had against the Knicks two bigs. And they said nah, we are not gonna give 'em that advantage. But your advantage is your advantage. Your advantage is playing hartenstein and home run together and then go to your bench because your bench is very good.


These probably the two best bench teams in all of basketball. And it's no surprise that they're here. I I think it's a blessing and a curse one because when you look at the Pacers, because they don't have a guy that, that you have to key on, you don't know who's gonna hurt you on a given night. They're gonna have a guy that's somewhere in the twenties and they're gonna have a bunch of teens about 19 or 18 or 17. Yeah. You would like to have a guy that you could say giving the ball like a, like a, like a ch like a shake or you have a guy like you got with a Brunson or one of those guys, You know, one of the top players that you can give in the ball and go get your bucket. That's not what they have. What they have is a bunch of guys that's not afraid to take shots in big moments tonight.


That didn't happen. Halliburton airball two threes, miles Turner airball to three. I thought the difference in this ball game tonight, look at the percentage that Indiana shot. 43%. This is the OKC that we're used to seeing the, getting up into 'em, getting the ball, forcing the turnovers one shot and that's it. They dominated them on the glass, they turned them over and Halliburton had five turn. When he has basically more than three turnovers, it's not gonna be good for them 'cause he's the guy that really doesn't turn the ball over. But I Think you have to give credit to OKC tonight. Yeah. I thought, You know, they had a 10 point lead late in the third and they end up going to the fourth with a seven point lead. But KC erased that within the first four minutes of the, of fourth quarter that lead was gone.


Yeah, I agree. You know, can I say something though? It it's, it's always piggybacking off Sha it's always tough and Joe, you understand this and Shaq, when you not when you don't have a real go-to guy. Yeah. And I'm not taking anything away from Tyler Hamburg and, and obviously Pascal aka two guys, tyres and Tyrese, I'm sorry Tyrese Ham and, and obviously Pascal two guys that have played terrific basketball and have led their team to the finals. So I don't wanna take anything away from them. Right. But it's a reason why it's certain guys get paid 50, $60 million a year. He is the reason why Shay is about to sign for probably $400 million. You gotta have a guy that can go get you one. The plays get thrown out the window when you get to the finals and get to these situations, especially the last six to eight minutes of a game.


I want to be able to get it to a guy individually and go get me a bucket, draw a double team, get a guy open shot. And with Indiana it's too random by being so random you don't know who's gonna score. Right. And I think it kind of, it kind of messes them up a little bit because they don't even know, I don't know if Rick Col and Rick Carle's one of the greatest coach that ever coached this game. It's tough for him. I'm sure he's in like who do I go to? Who's the guy that's gonna step up? Who? Yeah. Who's the guy that's gonna actually step up and get me a bucket or draw double team and get that? And that's what I think that's what makes it hard for Andy. Well OKCs kind of know their role. All the players know their role, they know Shea's gonna dictate the pace.


Especially with 8, 6, 4 minutes to go in the game. We're gonna play off him and and Indiana, I don't know how you guys feel but I feel like it's just too random. I don't know who gonna shoot the ball. Yeah, well that's why. So that's why you don't see a whole lot of teams like Indiana win championships. You gotta go back. You and we talked about it the other night, Ocho and Joe. Yeah you gotta go back to Detroit where you had a bunch of guys, no superstar players that you didn't know. Whether it gonna be R Hamilton, was it gonna be Chauncey? Normally Chauncey took it. That's how he got the name Mr. Big shot Rasheed Wallace or Taisha. So you really didn't know. Normally teams win championships. They got a guy that we can give him the ball. Yeah. And he can go get us a bucket.


You go back and look at the Lakers, whether it was Kareem with the sky hook magic or you look at Bird or you look at, You know Moses Malone, you go back and look at history. Isaiah Thomas with the bad, bad boy Pistons. They most teams, Shaq or Kobe, normally it was Kobe, they because they gonna foul Shaq. But you've always had a guy that we can give the ball to and we know he can go get a bucket or he's gonna get filed. Yeah, we know that. Yeah. That's not what Indiana have. And to their credit, they've made the most of the situation, and we talked about this the other night. Is that because it's by committee? Yeah. You really don't know who's gonna be the one that's gonna put stick the knife in you because it's, You know, Pascal can get hot and we seen him get hot, we seen to Halliburton get hot.


We saw math the other night he got hot. But right now they had this game they're kicking themselves. Yeah. They had a seven point lead and they had him on the ropes because Shay was getting, Shay looked like he was tired in the first 10 minutes of the ball game. Yeah, he was. He did. He did. He did. And so and so I was like, okay man this ain't looking good. Seven point lead going into the fourth quarter and K C's like, nah we can't go down three one. Right. And even though we're going back home, we need to tie this thing up. Right. I hear you. Listen. Hey Joe, Joe and I, I know it's by committee where you gotta understand something. Right. TW says random, but this is what they've done all season long. This what they've done all season long. And I think that's what make the Pacer so goddamn special in this series because you don't know whose night it's going to be.


You know, sometimes Hall already beat, he's he'd up and down, but then You know, Nihar come outta nowhere, You know, and I really think they, the game gonna go to seven, right? It gonna go to seven and I think the Pacers the pace is gonna pull it off. They, they they, they gonna pull it off. I got listen, I think I, I thought it was a hell of a game, but I thought it was in favor of OKC because of the scoring. Like the pace only scored 104 points. That's what KC want. They don't want it in 120, 130. See that's that, that, that helps the Pacers for me. I feel like Jalen Williams, he, he was like, I know Shay had 35, but I think Jalen was more the MVP because he kinda kept in and he was aggressive throughout the whole entire Absolutely.


I totally agree. He was getting into the T today defense putting the pressure on the Pacers to foul. He was scoring. I thought he'd done a great job tonight in keeping him in the game and in the fourth quarter I thought Shaa came through and put his stamp on the game. Man it was a, it it was definitely a tight close niche game. But with OKC, You know being, being having that youth on they side, I felt like, and having Shay, the MVP, You know, they was able to pull it out toward the end. I think the thing is also Twan and I, let me know what you think about this. The officiating down the stretch. Mm. The last, the first 44 minutes, Shay only shot two free throws. Yeah. The last four minutes he shot eight free throws. How many free throws did they shoot the last four? Because I think but they turned the ball over.


I mean on a drib on a handoff Hal Miles Turner to try to hand the ball off. Yeah. To Halliburton dot steals it and we saw them turn the ball and they didn't have a whole lot of turnovers is when they had the turnovers. Yeah. All turnovers aren't created equal, like in football. Ocho we talk about this all the time, right? If you turn them ball in the, over in the fourth quarter, first quarter, it's a lot different than turning over in the fourth quarter. Especially if your upper score or you down a score now you give them the possession back and you don't really have a whole lot of time to make that up. And so when you're turning the ball over, like Indiana was in the fourth quarter, look at what you did now a lead, now you don't even get a shot up at the rim. They get down, they get two.


But let me, you make a great point, Shannon. That's a great point. But this is the difference between two different teams. You got a every VP on one team where everybody knows their role. We're gonna go through Shea. Shea's gonna create a, whether you take the shot or give somebody else a shot. When you talk about Indiana, and I say this again and I, I don't want to take anything away from my own. People think I'm hating or thinking they're not great. The way they played has been terrific all year. But when you do it by committee's always tough because now you're not, you have to, this is the reason why and joke relates to this. It's a reason why guys make 50, 55 million a year, 60 million a year. Yeah. It's a reason why you play these certain guys because you don't wanna do it by community lake. You wanna go to your best player.


You, whether he gets double team make a pass or he's taking a shot. When Indiana, it's too random. How many times we been watching this series? We don't know who's gonna score for Indiana. I mean think about that. We don't know who's gonna score for them. Like when it gets to six minutes, under six minutes, we don't know. The best game I thought they played is when Hollberg took control. Yeah. When he actually took control and control the pace. And when he takes the shot and I'm not selling, you get to the final. So it's hard for me to, to question their style and the way they play. But when you get to this point in this game, you gotta have a go-to guy that you give it to that can create a double team or could create his own shot. And when I look at Indiana, they don't have that.


No. And okc, he's too good defensively. You're not gonna beat them just one-on-one. Right. You have to make a extra pass. Somebody has to make an extra move. You gotta have some guy with a skill level that's gonna score. And to be honest, if I was gonna make that decision on Indiana, I'm giving it to Pascal Yakim and move it out the way. Yeah. I know they live and d burg making decisions late. I'm gonna give it to him. 'cause he is my best one on one player and I'm gonna give it to him. You gotta simplify the game late. It's not about that Iso Joe. You've been in situation, you get the ball late, you don't only gonna help. Nah, you don't even gonna help. I played with a great one-on-one player, Paul Pierce and I, I thought I could score up, but Paul, he don't want me on this side.


He is gonna be getting out the way. Right. With Indiana is too random. And by being so random, that's the reason that they, in the position that they in right now, you lose a game four on your own floor. They played good enough to win the night They did. You don't wanna lose that game. It's gonna be tough for them. Now I I don't want to cap them out. You know, things happen. It's too, too anything can go that way. Injuries play a part. Got have a bad night. So I'm not gonna predict a series right now, but Indiana got little soul searching to do. It's some other guys gotta step up. Well Hallberg is gonna have to live and die with him taking 25 30 shots or being aggressive and saying, Hey, I can go home at night and I was aggressive, I didn't have it.


But you cannot play the random basketball with all these different guys thinking they can have, I think they may have four or five. They may have six guys in double figures and that's cute. Some nights in most NBA nights five, five guys. That's cute. That's cute. In most nights, I'm not gonna lie to you. It's good you get five, six guys from your coaches love it. But this is the reason why we pay those match contracts right now. Yeah. It's the reason why you give guys 40, 45, $50 million a year to show up right now, I don't know who that guy is from any Indiana. They may not have that guy. Hey, but somebody gonna have to do it. Or Shaa going pick them apart for these next two games. A one Ocho When you, when you look at this game, I thought Indiana outplayed 'em for three quarters.


They did. I thought they outplayed 'em for three quarters and in that fourth quarter I felt, You know, OKC, they knew what they had to do to win. They outscored 'em by 14. So it lets me know you seen air balls, you seen block shots from OKC, like they really locked down and then You know, you got your best player getting to the line, getting free throws. They took the momentum away from Indiana in that fourth quarter. Man. It seemed, seemed like the edges went out in that building. But I, I agree with torn. I thought, I thought Indiana played well enough to win. They just got out played in their fourth quarter. It was teeter title from the first, second, third, and in the fourth you get out scored like that. Yeah. Okay. You you, you can't, you can't beat them like that


When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school because family supports family At American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse. Your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Riley Herps from 2311 racing here. And You know what grinds my gears waiting for coffee. But instead of counting FRAs and lattes, I fire up Chumba Casino. No apps, no fuss. Just fun social casino games to pass the time. By the time my coffee's ready order for Riley, I've already taken a few victory laps. Next time you're stuck waiting, make it entertaining. Play for free@chumbacasino.com. Let's chumba Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group void where prohibited by law 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store Gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts this contents not investment advice and trading Crypto involves risk. For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


Hello? Hello. Malcolm Gladwell here from Revisionist History. What are you doing October 20th? Well, if you're a T-Mobile for business customer, the answer to that question could be getting recognized from my team's game changing work. Sounds great. Right? Well that's just the tip of the iceberg. If your organization used T-Mobile for business to do something incredible, we wanna hear about it. Nominate your team's most outside the box projects for a chance to get the recognition you so dearly deserve. T-Mobile is looking for companies that took big swings and kept swinging until the job was done. Honorees will receive a significant donation to a charity of their choice. Bragging rights. A cool trophy. And also I'll be right there as a keynote speaker and special guest Judge entries closed July 31st. So head to T-Mobile dot com slash enter to learn more and nominate your team.


But you remember guys, if we go back and look at Indiana, this entire postseason in clutch situation, they've been great. Look at them. When they played decals, they were great. Look at them when they played the Knicks. They've been great. And even the first two games when the games were closed. Yeah. Game one, game three. Look at how they prevailed tonight. I thought they, You know, and 14 OKC had 10 assists. Let that think we was was the last time you ever played on the team that in the NBA game only had 10 assist in 48 minutes? Your, your mvp your starter didn't even have, he didn't have a assist. Yeah, he did. You know what, and go back to what I said though Shannon, this guy, it's go time.


This ain't about the others. It's about about go about passing, huh? Nah, it's about, it's about the MVP who we talking about the fourth quarter who took control of the game. It's the reason why he got that reward. It's the reason why we, we named him the MVP of the NBA. Yeah, it is because he has the ability to close the game out. When I think about Indiana, I don't know. And I don't get me wrong, I love Hollenberg. I love Tyler. I think he can. He he's great. He's a great player. He's played great. But you talking about close it out and have that mentality, it's a little different. When you, the MVP and he, he separated himself tonight. Yes. Are we okay in A NBA finals game with 71 free throw attempts?


Wow, that's a great question. Actually I'm not, this is my personal opinion. I think that You know, You know, at some point, especially at this level and the way these two teams play, that both teams get up and down. They run. They're not necessarily considering playing for the free throw line. This is not a grinded out series. This is two teams that wanna play 1 15, 1 20. So this is a game. This is actually great for the referees 'cause they don't really have to get involved because both of these teams like to get up and down and play at a fast pace. Yeah. So it is something to think about. I, I mean I didn't look at that number. I'm glad you brought that stat up. I didn't think about that. But that's something really to think about because these two teams don't really wanna play in the nineties.


They wanna play 1 15, 1 20 if they can. So they're not worried about the foul call. They wanna get up and down. So that's, that's a great point. They got. OKC had 12 offensive rebounds. Chet Hagrid had four, Hartenstein had three. They so the two bigs had seven of the 12 offensive rebounds. Indiana only had seven offensive rebounds. They d they beat 'em by 10. They were plus 10 in the rebounding margin. They did a great job. They did a better job of taking care of the basketball tonight. O-K-C-O-K-C had gotten, You know, they were starting to turn the ball over and they really do a great job of turning do over. Jalen Williams had four, but for the most part, You know, Shay only had two.


Lou Dort had one. Holgan had one. So they didn't really turn, they did a great job of protecting the ball. But when you look at them, they shoot you let O-K-C-O-K-C shoot 47 48 in one game. I think they were like 50% from the floor. You gonna catch hell beating them. Yeah. Because it's because they put so much pressure on you. The likelihood of you shooting 50%. Now we shot it, I think we saw the other night in game three, I think they shot 50% got but OKC do a great job with all those wing defenders. When you got Jaylen Williams, you got Lou Dot, you got Caruso, you got Wiggins, you got Wallace, you got guys that can defend multiple, multiple possessions. So in other words, hey we can slide Hey close out here.


He give it up close out there. So you are gonna have to be on your best behavior. I just thought Indiana panicked a little bit. They started shooting some shots that they wouldn't normally take guys in the fourth quarter. Yeah. Because I think they can feel the momentum starting to slip. Yeah. And everybody wanted to be that guy to hit that big three. To quell the momentum to put us back in. To put us back in. Like, hey, everybody's looking to have that moment talking about a, the Steph Curry. Yeah. We good. Hey don't worry about me. Don't like Steph in the, in the Olympics. Don't worry about me. I'm okay. Right. Hey and it got, it got away from him for me. Listen, it might've, it might've got away from her uncle. But I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna tell you how it's gonna go. I told you how to see it was gonna go. I told you how well before it even started. I told you at this point at Pro games it would be two.


Two. Joe, you owe me some money. Nah, we owe you done me. We eating right now. Listen, I'm giving you the opportunity. I'm giving you the opportunity Joe. Gimme opportunity as well to change your decision on who you have within the finals. Man, you got chill. You got chill Joe. You got chill. You got chill. Hey Ocho, when you look at OKC for me, I, I love the fact that they didn't settle for the three, they shot 17 threes, they made three of them. They was getting to the cup, they was putting the onus on the ref. You look at the pacers, they doubled them in three point attempts. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like them guys was putting they head down for OKC, getting to the cup, making plays and for whatever reason it just wasn't much resistance there.


I thought Nihart, I thought he played great man for three quarters against Shay. The way he guarded them, the Yep, I agree. Look Shay a couple times he was like, man, y'all gone bring that thing up. I'm gonna get down here in position. Hey 'cause that boy was on his back pockets man. He wasn't letting him breathe. I'm talking about busting through picks, just making him work. You want to tire him out. And like I said, I think when he caught his second win, 'cause he got tired early, You know, he was able to withstand that and, and put his stamp on the game late in that fourth quarter. You know what too Joe, I'm gonna add this and, and I think sometimes as coaches and I'm, I, these coaches get this thing like you just talking about Niha playing great defense. Sometimes you gotta respect who the MVP is. Yeah.


I'm tired of, I'm watching these games now. The only thing I don't like, and we saw this and we've watched basketball our whole life. All of us have man, somebody else gotta beat me. I'm tired of, we, we shouldn't be coming on these shows talking about Shea beat us right now. We know, You know, them guys are great. But when you gonna send a double, when we gonna make somebody else beat us? That's the thing I got a problem with. You know, let them play 1 0 1. Listen all these coaches making 4, 5, 10, 12, $13 million. We firing team, we doing all these things Coach. But sometimes man as a coach, respect the player, respect the this guy's skillset. He's the MVP for a reason. So if I'm a loser as a coach and I'm not the brightest guy, I never coached before in my life when I played this game my whole life, I'm gonna make somebody else beat me.


Right. Right. I'm just gonna just live and die. One thing I know as a Chicago Bulls fan, it's a couple of great shots that I always remember that Steve Kerr making a three point shot against Utah. Yep. BJ Armstrong making big shots. You know why? Because Michael Jordan got double team. Yeah. And he made the right play. That's, we used to criticize LeBron or James and I show you, I know you love LeBron. We used to criticize LeBron James for not taking those shots. He always made the right play. Sometimes force these superstars to make the right play. That's the problem. I can't just keep, I'm not gonna let Shay beat me. I'm not gonna go home at night and know that I let Shay beat me in a one-on-one iso where I could double team him or force somebody else to beat me.


This is what, You know, we say so many superstars, you guys know this, that we give guys high praise because they made big shots and big moments. Right. And not to go at Rob hurry, but Har made about seven of 'em. Yeah. 'cause you won a double team. Shaq, you won a double team. Kobe. Yeah. I'm gonna make this shot. Right. Or Dream or Tim Duncan. You know what I'm saying? When you let a guy, Harris, the guy, the guy got 20, he got 20. Shaa had 24 shot attempts and 10 free throws. So you let so and and Joe we talked about this. We and Ocho, we were talking about this. Yeah bro, get the ball. You see game three, they trapped him. Yeah. He tried to get in that pick and roll. They trapped him. Make him get a ball up, he turned it over, they got jump balls, whatever the case may be.


Stop letting him play one on one. The relic. Every great player in the NBA, if you let 'em play one-on-one, they're gonna average 30 plus. I agree. You must, you must. It's like a great receiver Ocho. Yeah, you got to double it got too, I don't care how great your DB is, they're going to, hey, hey, he gonna get it now. You keep pulling with five o man. We play what we play. That's, that's what we do. Okay. What we do, what we do. Gonna have your h my man and we were so close that hey you just come back and get better next year. Hell no. Hey, hey Twan, and I agree with y'all sending the double, but here's one thing you gotta take a look at where, where he's iso from, which is at like the top of the key, kinda like a little bit above the free throw line.


That's a hard place to double man. Yeah. That's a hard place to double. So when I see them getting him in his spots, he, that's pretty much where he operated from tonight. You know, you pick a double there, You know, you giving up something easy. So I, I think OKC understood that and the fact that Shay didn't have an assist, he had it on his mind. He was gonna play in that isolation and he was gonna get to his spots. Wan look, he taking them, he taking them bumps in the mid post and he still on balance making them tough shots. Man. He made a lot of tough baskets tonight. Yeah. So you gotta think about it Joe. We two two now they, they're going through this thing. Two two. So the strategy you just talked about, which is right and you right, he's getting it in the sweet spot where he can still score the basketball.


But guess what I'm gonna do? Let me see if these other guys can make this shot. Let me just try one game. Let me just try one. I'm two two doing it that way. Let me see if these guys can make it. Let me see if a guy can step up and make it every, You know this Joe, everybody ain't ready for that, that that Kool-Aid may not get no sugar in it right down that time. But You know, put no that Kool-Aid don't go in there. You know, get that Kool-Aid. Gotta put some sugar in there. Be a little bit, some of them guys had ready to take them shots now 11, 10. Right. You absolutely right Ocho. Yeah. You look at the man had 24 shot attempts and no and no free throw and no assist. Yeah. So you knew early on, well hey y'all better get it out the glass.


You want a shot? Get it out the glass because I ain't paying for the Listen uncle. I was going, I I was gonna ask you. Right. So think about this with the paces, right? When it come to trapping, when it comes to trapping XGA, that that amount of energy you have to exert the trap him, whether it be at half court, whether it be at the top of the key, depending on where he is on the court. Does it hurt them? The paces on the officer end exert that much energy defensively in, in just one player as opposed to letting them do what he does? Nah, no. Only reason why not because they scored by they they random. Absolutely. C they're a random team. So they not necessarily, it's not like using that's this hypothetically say Kobe Brown or Michael Jordan and LeBron James and those guys are running around trapping.


You are talking about a team that's, that's random anyway offensively. Right. So why not double him? I just say let's try something else. I I, I just, I can't feel comfortable if I'm an Indiana Pacers coach, if I'm a player knowing that we let shape beat us. Right? And I'm not taking anything away from the other guys. But he can't dictate this pace all the way through. We watched Joker do this back to back two years in a row. Try to dictate the pace, dictate everything. I'm not letting one guy dictate the pace on me. I'm gonna double make somebody else beat me. That's what the playoffs, that's what certain guys are made heroes guys. We talk about the sixth, seventh, eighth guy on the team. We be always talking about 'em.


I've been a Chicago guy, a fan obviously I wanna time but I, I remember Steve Curry, John Paxon, You know Horace Grant, bill Winnington, Luke Lo because those guys had to make big shots and make big plays. I right, I agree. 'cause Michael Jordan got double 10. Michael still got his 30, his 40 had his moments. But those, I remember those guys, they, their household names in Chicago, me living in here, people loved them to death because they made big shots in these moments. I gotta make, if I'm gonna lose that feel good going home in the summer, I gotta be like hey, that that second year on it, those other guys beat me. We did the best job we could do on Shaa gis, Alexander, Indiana.


Just like they giving them they cake and need you too. You can't have both. Right. Yeah. I gotta make you learn you can't have both. They got go ahead Joe. Give give. We gotta give Rick Carlisle some credit though guys. 'cause he's made adjustments when we said, Hey look man you gotta pick, switch up that pick and roll defense. He did that Che over had him a little flustered in game three and You know they was able to pull the, pull the game out I think come down game five. Yeah. Twan like y'all say, I think he will start sending a double, even if he isolated the top, they may just send another guy. But I'm sure You know Rick Carle has been great throughout this postseason. I can see him making that adjustment right there just to where okay if he get it in his sweet spot or if he about to go, he put it on the floor.


We coming. We coming. So I look forward to the Pacers making a making adjustment in game five and because it's gonna be a tough one, the OKC man, they gonna be ready. Yeah. And I, and I think, You know, Indiana has some breakdowns in the fourth quarter. You saw Che get a putback dunk. Yeah. They got a couple of put backs in there because the rotation wasn't what it would needed to be in. You have elapse and that, You know, you get fatigued or, or you see feel the momentum slipping away. But you've got to stay focused. That's the thing about in sports, when the rubber needs to meet the road, if it's late in the ball game, say the last five or six minutes in a football game, the last five minutes in a basketball game or a 10, whatever the case may be, you've got to maintain a level of focus because a momentary slip could be the difference in winning a lose of the ball game.


Yeah. And I thought Indiana had some lapses and that fourth quarter late in the ball game, Chen get a putback dunk. Caruso got a rebound and but like I said, I thought Caruso tonight, Caruso had his Rin moment. Like Rin had his 27 and game three, maybe one with game. I thought Caruso was really the difference, especially early. He didn't do a whole lot late but early in the ball game he was sensational. Hey look, I ain't think Hartenstein played great but he played well enough, like we say with that big lineup, especially in that fourth quarter down the stretch. Yeah. They got some easy extra second chance points. Yep. And that's what we was talking about. You play that small ball torn, you don't get them, you don't get them extra them second chance points.


I thought Hartenstein had a couple tip back tip outs to where they tipped it back out to where they got a second opportunity and they scored on them. On them baskets. Yeah. And I, my last thing I'm gonna add to Joe into this situation, just so you can hear me out on this. As a guy who played and we played it against a guy, Dirk Lewinsky. Mm. In the 2000 in in the finals of 2006. It kind of reminds me of a, You know of a Shea and the way their team is kind of constructed Yes. As far as ISOs and storm tools, but Yeah. But what we did with them, what we did with dirt is Caw Udonis has, who's probably the best defender on him. He saw James Posey, our guard and myself Zoar.


So you get four or five different defenders on that guy. It's a different look. We didn't stop dirt. I would never be the first, I'll be the first to admit his numbers speak for itself and the fighters against us right in oh six. We didn't stop him but we gave him different looks. So I make that point to say stop giving shade the same looks double him a little bit, get it out his hand sometime now force him to do something else. Shade's not a great three point shooter, You know, You know what I'm saying? Make him shoot a three sag on him a little bit. I just hate when you keep doing the same thing and thinking that now you, you gotta change it up. Put some, put some mind, put some thought in his mind. Right. And he may have to change this game up a little bit, but he knows right now he knows every sweet spot he getting to.


He knows when you are coming you're not giving no no doubles. Michael Jordan, Kobe Bryant, LeBron James, the greatest players that ever played his game has got double team. Why of a sudden sha don't get double team. You giving up one you for a reason when you giving up one 20 sha. Yeah, if I'm giving up one 20, I might as well double man. If they make over three that make over three, I might as well double. We we playing in the one twenties anyway. I'm gonna play, I'm trying to play that way. So why not double respect the man for being the MVP. Right. He didn't win the award overnight. He earned it. He was the best player in the league. He could have won two years in a row. The dudes on the row. You gotta respect what he is doing right now and that's double him and make somebody else beat me.


And until Indiana makes that commitment, they probably not gonna get out the series. Yeah, right. All right, we gonna move on. Josh Hart issued a warning about those, talking about Thibodaux. He said, all y'all talking trash about ths, layman's hells a different direction was taken. But y'all should be appreciative for what he did for the team and the organization. What I didn't understand, and it's baffling to me and I said this, how are you gonna fire a man and you don't have somebody already lined up? You gonna fire man. And then you talk about you want to go talk to other people, people that already got jobs, they not gonna let you, they're not gonna let you talk to their coach. It's like me, I'm gonna sell my house but I ain't got no place to stay.


What the hell? What? But damn o y'all I need to have a, I got a timber housing. Yeah. I got something already lined up. This looks so bad. Yeah. If the next new, how bad they look currently because now you're asking for permission. Can we talk to Jason kid or can we talk to Ave Yoka? Yeah. Can we talk to this one? Can we talk to that one? No, no, no. Now you spent your attention and it seems like Brown, Mike Brown or or or Taylor Jenkins who was at the, at the Grizzlies. Yeah. They seem to be the number one contenders. This is a bad look. I'm not saying look, you can say whatever you wanna say. Okay. Maybe tis need to go, he's grinding, gets guys down too much in the regular season. But at least have a plan.


Yeah. Okay. We're gonna get rid of Tim's, this is who we want. But you probably want to have somebody lined up that doesn't have a job because the likelihood of somebody, I mean dokey was in the playoffs, they had the number two seed. Yeah, yeah. Well so I, I'm just and JC kids like, hold on. Yeah, I like the Knicks, but we gonna get Kyrie back. I got Anthony Davis and we gonna have the number one pick Cooper flag why I want to go. No, it it, it don't, it don't make but, but go ahead Shannon. Hey, hey, hey torn and I mean torn uncle and Joe, you gotta think about it, right? This is the player move though. This is the player move the, the the player. Someone had to, someone had to say something to the folks upstairs, the upper management about Tibs.


Again, you hear all the time about him grinding his players in the regular season in the postseason and playing too many minutes and them tired themselves out and not really being able to play to towards the end of games. Because most of the time in business, when it comes, when you're gonna fire a coach, you already have somebody, you already have a successor in mind and in order before you even fire somebody. Most of the time I know, I know. I'm not tripping in, in football. It's the same way. If you the head coach, you already know who the next person's gonna be. Now you don't, you don't see anything publicly but behind closed doors, you already made the call and you already got your I doted and you got the MTSS crossed. Before you fire anybody, You absolutely can I say so this ain't college wan before you go, You know, in college sports they do this all the time.


Got fired guy. Oh let me go talk to somebody from Texas. Let me talk to somebody from Alabama. Let me talk to somebody from LSU or Notre Dame and you could offer 'em 10 15. But you don't see that in pro sports. You don't see somebody saying, okay John, I mean it's happened. Has it happened? Been football. You remember John Gruden, he had a job and he ended up going to Tampa, right? Coach Belichick had a job with the Jets. He goes to the Patriots. I think Herm Edwards had a job and he ended up going elsewhere. But it doesn't happen in pro basketball. So I, I agree with you Joe. Like you said. Yeah, if I'm gonna get rid of something that need, don't I need to have something already lined up? Oh I'm selling my car. You already got a car? No, I ain't got no car.


I just go, I'm gonna figure it out once I get rid. What you will figure out, once you get rid of yours, you figure it out before you get rid of yours. Yeah. So that way it's a seamless transition. Go ahead guys. Lemme have, lemme just say this. I think when you look at this guys, and I know you guys Aren had many comments on this I've been on, but you looking at a city that probably thought their team was better than what they were and you're looking at an organization up top that probably thought their team was better than what they was. You played against a Boston cell team who lost Jason Tatum. Let's not devalue how good Jason Tatum is. So he was able to get by and put yourself in position to possibly get to the finals. That's cool. But the problem is the next roster is not good enough to win an NBA title.


The B is terrible. Let's be honest, that roster is not good enough to win it. It's not Tim's fault. I think Tim's done an excellent job to be able to get what he got out that group to make them relevant, to make them a really good playoff team. But now you get the buzz, the fans coming to the game, you got the celebrities, you got all the stars coming to the game, everybody's starting to think about championship. You have to build towards that. You gotta have the right personnel and that's unfortunate that that Dolan don't understand that you put a good product on the floor, you've gave the Knicks fans something to cheer about. Appreciate that part. If you able to get over the hump, you get over the hump but you don't have the right personnel to get over the hump. Right. You still got the Pacers, the team that's played you last three, four years.


The Pacers team has been together four years. Didn't beat you last year. Yeah, yeah. They've been together four years. The Boston stuff is that Jason Tatum don't get hurt. We probably talking having a whole different conversation right now. So you gotta put that in perspective. That's why I don't, I don't like the fact that they fired tips 'cause it wasn't his fault. He's done a great job with the group that he's had and that's been him. I saw him here in Chicago. I saw our firsthand, I saw him have a great point guard and Derrick Rose, ride that point guard and build that team around defense and a great point guard. He did the same thing in New York with Rick Brunson and what they built there. And they're successful. They're a very good playout team that's gonna compete night in and night out sometimes.


And Joe can contest to this and even Ocho shell, you can contest this too. As athletes, we obviously wanna win a championship. That's the goal. But sometimes you just not there. You just can't get over home. You can need a little luck. Yeah. You need to stay a little injury free. You know what I'm saying? You gotta stay a little injury free, have to have a little luck. But sometimes it just don't happen. The good organizations stick with you and build on that. That's why I like the RS because that group has been together now three, four years. Yeah. That's what make the Indiana patients kind of special, because that's why I root for that because they one of the few organizations that stuck with their court guys and given a real chance to see if they can actually get it done.


And they're in the finals right now. Two, two, what a chance to get it done. The Knicks is, that's a bad decision that Tims is a great coach. He has his question marks on how he, how he rests his guys and how he, obviously he wears guys out, but besides that, he gonna do number win. Yeah. I was in Chicago. He ain't do number win in Chicago and he has the number win in New York. I don't know why the man loses his job. Stop putting championship on everybody. You gotta have the personnel to win a championship, Joe. Yeah. You gotta have, you gotta have a personnel man. I, I think, I think they felt they had to make a decision, fellas, You know what I'm saying? Considering the fact that they lost to the paces two years in a row, You know, they felt like they had to make a move to, You know, maybe, maybe light some fire under some guys.


'cause for me, I felt the Knicks had a, I felt they got a pretty good team. Now they ain't deep, they ain't no deep team. But when you no ov and what Bridge Bridges, yeah. I feel like those dudes gotta do more, You know, with Brunson, You know, kind of holding the ball for so long. I Think you, you depend on them for so much that, You know, those guys really don't have rhythm. They don't have no rhythm and continuity outside of playing hard and playing good defense. So I felt the Knicks felt, man, we done lost to this team two years in a row. We gotta do something, we gotta make a move. And I, and, and y'all know, the players make a lot of money, so You know, we're gonna be the first one to go. The coach gotta go first. Yeah. Yeah. The, the problem that the knick, do You know what the problem the Knicks had?


Expectations? Yeah. Dame Lito's, Achilles. Okay. So now they're only one guy that can beat us in Milwaukee. Jason Tatum goes down. So now it's smooth sailing. We got the Indiana Pacers and we're home. So we should, we should be able. So once they, because ain't nobody had the mix going to the NBA finals at the start of the Eastern Conference playoffs. Nobody. Yeah. No. But what happened was, you get, you get, Dame goes down, you get Jason Tatum goes down. Indiana beat Cleveland. The Knicks beat Boston. Oh, we got, we got the paces. And so now the expectation is exponential. And so now when it doesn't happen, oh, it's Tim's fault.


It's Tim's fault. Well, damn, he did a great job to get y'all there. And then you don't have a backup plan. You don't, if, let's just say for the sake of argument, they wanted to move in a different direction and they said, well, we, we were thinking about this the whole season and we're not gonna let go into the Eastern Conference Finals deter us. Who's gonna be your coach?


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms, apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025, and spend 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading crypto involves risk. For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


Hello? Hello, Malcolm Gladwell here from Revisionist History. What are you doing October 20th? Well, if you're a T-Mobile for business customer, the answer to that question could be getting recognized from my team's game changing work. Sounds great. Right? Well that's just the tip of the iceberg. If your organization used T-Mobile for business to do something incredible, we wanna hear about it. Nominate your team's most outside the box projects for a chance to get the recognition you so dearly deserve. T-Mobile is looking for companies that took big swings and kept swinging until the job was done. Honorees will receive a significant donation to a charity of their choice bragging rights. A cool trophy. And also I'll be right there as a keynote speaker and special guest Judge Entries closed July 31st. So head to T-Mobile dot com slash enter to learn more and nominate your team.


This is Jenny Garth from idu Part two. Can't afford Ozempic try WEGOVY from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the e and start losing weight this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


If Dallas Fried Jason Kid Okay, you gotta, you got, you, got you. Hey, I got no problem. Right? If one of the coaches that you're trying to get an opportunity to talk to gets fired, okay, what happens if they don't? Who is your coach? Man, it's, it's, it's some other good veteran coaches out here. 'cause obviously that's what they looking for. Some guy, some guy who's been around, some guy who's won and there's a few of 'em out here, man. And I'm sure they'll find somebody. But yeah, to be looking for guys who already in great coaching situations and I wouldn't be trying to lead neither. But see, you say there are great coaches out there. If they was, if the Knicks wanted those guys, they would've never asked for permission to interview somebody that already had a job. Right? Because if you believe somebody's already available, hey, you believe somebody's available, I don't need to talk to anybody else.


What I'm looking for is right there. I'm not gonna have to give up draft compensation and I'm not gonna have to pay overpay because who, if Troy, if you got a job, what's the situation? What makes you think I'm not leaving my job unless I get assurances? You gonna have to gimme a contract before I leave. You know, assurances. Now I take this, I say yeah, I, I interview, they grant me position, give permission to go interview for the job. I don't get the job in the team that I left. Say, nah, we good. We going in the different direction now you No, no. Hell nah. Hey, hey Shannon, Joe, Chad, lemme just tell you this. We wasn't there, we wasn't in the room.


I could just imagine being in the room. You got Wes, Leon, rose, all these different guys in the room. If y'all, y'all mastermind y'all come up, we need to fire tips. It's something wrong. That's what those guys thought about. And like you just said, you just made a valid point. You don't have another coach already lined up. It ain't the coaching Tibs got you over the army. He built the culture, he started a culture there. So why would you take him outta the spot that he's in? Sometimes you gotta look at your personnel. Don't get me wrong. I think the Knicks are a very good team. Do I think they're a championship team? No, absolutely not. But they are a very good team. But I'm gonna also say this, and Joe, you can you understand this, your best player is six one.


It's gonna be hard to, and I'm not saying that your best player is six one. Yep. It's hard. Win a championship. They two, I agree with that. Two guys. And he, You know, Steph Cur, Steph Curry is one of the top 10 players to ever play the game. Yeah. He we're not talking, we're not talking about him. Right. We're talking about Rick Bronson, who's a very good player who to me is a Hall of Fame player. He's a hall of Fame player. I got all the respect for Rick Bronson. But your best player, Rick Brunson, Carl Anthony Townes is a great number two or a number three. Yeah. They tried them once with him in Minnesota, right. He's a great number two or number three. And I like the way Carl Townes has played since he been a nick. But you, the way he played the last couple games, getting to the, I didn't no, he he hovers too much around a three point line wan.


It does. But sha you gotta realize this, you gotta bring your expectations to real. This was most, most of these teams, you gotta have real expectations. You building something there, you are building a situation where you're gonna be able to compete maybe for the next five or six years and give your fan base something to cheer about. Do that. Tims just did that. You gotta do that. Sometimes you can't cut. He's built a culture there. Give that man a chance. Yeah. To, to continue to build and add a piece or two. Your best player can't be six one. Man, I'm just trying to tell you that's what they was dumb. Well it wasn't Tim that gave, it was, it wasn't TIV that gave up five first round draft picks for Mikhail Bridges.


Yeah, that's true. So now you really don't. So what, what am I going, what am I gonna try? I mean, you say, well I want this guy, I want that guy. You don't have draft capital and so you want to try to keep your core together. You wanna probably try to keep og you probably wanna try to keep Josh Hart because he's just Swiss Army knife. Yeah. He's the guy that does it all. He play defense. He can assist, he can rebound, he could score a little, you're not counting on him to go give you 20 a night, but if he can give you 10 to 12, 10 to 14, he gonna give you six or seven rebounds. He's gonna give you six or 7, 8, 9, 10 or seven. Sometimes he'll give you a triple double. So, and you want OG but you don't, you're not deep. You got five guys in your property. You normally go two deep off the bench, you go miles, you go Miles McBride and you go and you go Mitchell, Mitchell Robinson.


That's really all you go because you, you now, you let Landy Shammy play a little bit late in the ball game late in the series. Right. But that's not, you only play five guys. You don't have a deep team. So, and, and, and so when, and like you said, guys, you're six one guy, well you're talking about, well Steph Curry was only six two, but Steph Curry is transcendent Te Steph Curry is a historically great player. Isaiah was the leader of his team. But you, you, you can't just say just because somebody can score 30 on a given night, so Oh yeah, he could lead a team. It's more to that than just scoring buckets. Yeah, I agree. I agree. I think they top five, they starting in five. They can compete with anybody in the league, but it's the depth, You know, when you don't have a depth, like a lot of these teams have outta like a Indiana, like A OKC, somebody who can come off your bench and win you a game or two in the postseason torn Ocho.


It's, it's gonna be hard to win because you put so much pressure and onus on Jalen Brunson Kat, You know, you put so much, you put so much onus on those guys for them to come out and be consistent every night to give you 30 plus points just for you to just for you to win a game. And I think that's tough for them. So I think as far as depth wise, they gotta bring them guys some help, man. Some, some, some guys that can come off that bitch and affect the game in a different way. Well we knew Gabe after game. Well lemme just go after this story. Joe and Ocho we were on and we said after game one. Yeah, the Knicks are in trouble. You got 43 from Brunson, you got 36 from Carl Anthony Towns and you still lost. Yeah.


And I asked the question, I say, so what's the likelihood that they can score 40 plus and 30 and and over 35 and went? Because if you still get that many, think about how many points you got from your two big guns and they shot a great percentage. They were very, very efficient and you lost, if they gave you anything less than that, there was a great likelihood you were gonna lose lose this series. Yeah. And so I'm not surprised they lost this series considering game one. But the question I wanna pose to you, there were reports that some of the players thought that Rick Brunson, Jalen Brunson's dad, who's a an assistant had too much safe. Is this a move? Are they trying to get Rick Bru or with, with a, a Worldwide West or Leon Rose?


Would they give that job to Rick Brunson? Nah, I don't think. No, they, they won't give it to him. But lemme ask you something as a, as assistant coach, and you guys know this, we all play sports. He's supposed to have an opinion regardless of my sons on the staff. Either. I, I wanna take pride in my job. If I was the assistant coach, my service plan, I still want the other guys to respect me. You gotta have an opinion. We don't know how tears felt about Rick Brunson. He played for him. He played for him when he was with the Knicks. He, he already know Rick. What if he thinks Rick basketball IQ is through the roof? We don't know that he's a part of his staff. It ain't just, this is the pros. It's not college. This not high school when you gotta bring the dad in sometimes to, to get the kid to come.


Pros. Yeah. He probably really felt, he probably really trusted Rick's basketball iq. He probably really trust his opinion. Yeah. So I can't say that I I'm not gonna do that. And Len Russell has been nothing but great since he's been with the Knicks with his dad on the bitch. It ain't too many guys that can say that that play well with his dad on the bench. Right, right. And gets it done night in, night out. It ain't too many guys that can say that. That's not it. The problem with the knick, the knick problem is the expectations are too high. Don't, your expectations is high because now you got a buzz, you got a great season, take nothing away from that. Build towards a championship. Take that Glo this year, make sure those guys come back, add a piece or two.


You don't fire the coach. No. Come back, add a one piece or two. Now you gotta hire a whole new coach and now you feel like you new gotta add all this. Now you gotta feel like you gotta add two, three pieces to the bitch. A whole new system. Think about it. Now you Think you now you now you really messed up. Yeah. When you could have just Izzy said, Hey look, we've dropped the ball. We're gonna be back next year. Maybe you may add another piece off the bench, maybe two pieces that can help you out and get you over the hump. You got Jason Tatum who I'm looking at everything. If I'm a Jason Tatum probably won't be back. Well, Tatum not coming back. Tatum's not coming back. Tatum is not coming back until 26. You could, okay then. I know. And I'm saying he's not coming.


He's not coming. He's not coming back this year. He coming back to 26th, 27 season. So think, oh, all I'm worried about right now, if I'm looking in the east, okay, the pace are gonna be good again next year. Yeah. Milwaukee's probably, I'm looking at, I'm looking at the top team D not coming back. Yeah. Dang. Right. So now I'm in the mix. So what I'm gonna blow up for, that's why, You know right. Management is bad up top. I'm not gonna blow up. And plus, let's see, Cleveland. Cleveland, I don't think Cleveland, Cleveland's not in a position to make a move. So they, they, they coming back. Let's see what the heat does. Obviously the heat's gonna make a run at Kevin Durant. Why wouldn't you? But they're not gonna be the only one that can make a run at Kevin Durant. Do they have enough assets? Do they have enough pieces or what are they willing to give up to get Kevin Durant?


Now you read that the sons are dropping their asking price because the, I mean he's 37 and he's kind of, he's been, he's injury prone. Is he a great player? Yes. But if you go back and look at Kevin Durant's history, he's been nicked, he's missed time, knee, ankle issues. So that weighs in, that's dropping his price. And just because Mikhail Bridges went for five first round picks, everybody ain't gonna be that dumb. Just because Rudy Gobel went for four first round picks. Everybody ain't gonna be that dumb. You know why Kevin Durant can't be moved? He, he makes 55, 50 $6 million next year. So he is not gonna be, You know, if somebody got to take him at 37, 38 years old, we all know KD can produce at that number.


That's not a problem. He's gonna give you 25, 30 points a night. It depends on which organization's willing to give up a couple their draft picks to get a KD at a younger age. I mean at an older age. I'm sorry, at an older age. That's all it comes down to. He is gonna produce, kds gonna be there. He's a, he is a baller, he's a scorer. You know what you're give him with kd the problem is his number is high. You talking about a guy that makes 50 plus, 50 plus million, you gotta decide what going to do. Do we wanna put 50 in a guy that's 36, 37 years old and see if we can get two years out of him. That's why he looks good for the Houston Rockets. Houston Rockets could use a veteran guy that can score the basketball. Yes. That got some young, that got some young assets and you could put with that little court they got and maybe get them over the hump.


We just watched Houston, the playoffs dominate all season. Yeah, they they were number two C aa. Yeah, we just watched them. But they miss scoring. If I'm the PIs, they miss scoring. They miss a guy to be able to go to to get them a bucket. KD fills that gap. If I'm the pi, do you have enough assets to move? It's all about assets with kd. KD still at that level. It's a matter of what you want to give him. For a guy who's probably got two years at the level that he's playing at right now, his number's high. It, it becomes a number game. Do you, what can you give up? 'cause he's making, he'll make 50, $60 million a year. That's all that comes down to kd. He's there. What you thinking, Joe? Man, if I'm the Pistons, I'm, I'm, I'm trying to add him to this young group of guys that I have with Cade and them young dogs that you got over there.


I think that Think you, I think he'll fit seamlessly over there. Twan and Ocho, You know what I mean? 'cause he's a bonafide scorer bro. We know that. Now you could say, oh, he 37 but he got at least another couple years, another good couple years in him and, and playing on a team like that to where he don't have to do that much dirty work defensively. You know what I mean? He can just be smooth and go out there and give you a cool 25 to 32 a night. Because that's what they was missing in the postseason man ain't Joe, look, I'm on, I'm on this, I'm on this, this, this show right now with three athletic guys that took care of their bodies. Great shape guys. You guys know that KD is one of those guys.


Yeah. Take care of everybody. He gonna get two more years. That's why LeBron is still playing. You know, you guys are elite class. I didn't do what you guys did as far as BodyWise. You guys are elite guys that took care of their body throughout their career. KD can give you two years, Joe. Yeah. He could give you two years at a high level. Hey, think about it. Twan especially playing in the east. Well you, you already know Boston. I mean they going, they, they, they probably gonna be decent still, but You know with Tatu, they ain't gonna be, they ain't gonna be Boston without Tatu. Look, look at D Milwaukee, they ain't gone. So the what opportunity in the east man it's wide open Joe. The problem is right now with Boston, it's the thing, and we'll talk about this on some later shows, but you got new ownership group, they taking over a team.


They break that up. They gonna break it up. There you go. That Shannon, I was you about to say what I was gonna say that it's a business decision for them. They may decide, hey, they don't wanna start off in the rear paying those type of salaries. You got seven guys on the Celtics making top dollar. Do they want to continue to pay that? I'm talking about the Ingas, the holidays. I mean even, even the six year and Derrick White making more, Hey, you got so many guys on that team that's making big money. You don't know what direction this new ownership may go. We just saw the Dallas marriage ownership take control and trade away. They, they most, they they, they franchise player. We saw them trade away Luca. So you don't know what this new ownership may group may come in after they pay what?


They pay $5 billion for the Celtics. Without an arena. Without an arena. Sha you gotta think about it. They all got an arena. Yeah. They might wanna take care the arena first. They might wanna make sure they got in the arena playing first. So You know, these guys are businessmen. You don't know if they are committed to this type of winning and this type of salaries with these guys. So we don't know what the seller is going to do right now. So it's wide open right now. That's what's crazy about the Knicks. You in a situation where things are wide open. When you got two top players on the Milwaukee Bucks and on the Boston Celtics that are coming out. Torn Achilles, two Hall of Fame players. I don't wanna break that up.


Wasn't gonna break the coach up. I'm gonna give 'em another shot at this. Yeah. You know, you gotta see what happens. Call that towels was hurt when you get a hundred percent. Call Anthony Townes. That Indian series may go different. I could be wrong, it may go different, but a hundred percent call Anthony Townes may change that series. He played great all year. I thought he rejuvenated himself. I thought he had a monster year, but You know, he got hurt at the end of the year. He wasn't right at the end of the year. I ain't gonna, I'm not gonna beat him up. I'm not gonna beat up on him like that. He doesn't right at the end of the year health wise. And it cost him. Go ahead Juan, thank you for joining us tonight man. We really appreciate you breaking down this game. O KC one 11, Indiana 1 0 4.


Thanks for the insight. Hey game seven, come back and join us if it goes seven and break down why? Yes sir. Who won and why they won. Oh yeah. I'll be here baby. Alright. Appreciate wan The volume


When it's PCS time. You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school because family supports family at American Public University. We support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse. Your tuition rate is the same as your partner's. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military


Lights camera innovation. Walt Disney Studio's chose advanced 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business to transform the movie making process. Together we kept a remote production hub in Hawaii and sync with a team in California to bring Lilo and stitch to theaters this summer. This is picture perfect collaboration. This is Walt Disney Studios with T-Mobile for Business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash Now,


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash saydu. Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Can't Afford Ozempic. Try WEGOVY from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed. Just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the E and start Losing weight this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. This is an iHeart podcast.