
You're listening to an iHeart podcast. This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it, in therapy, by talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist. At Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule.


Plus, Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core.


There are so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content. The term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts, The volume.


All right, we gotta bring Joe, we gonna bring one of your teammates. He played 15 seasons, both in the NBA and international games. He is also a teammate of Joe's in the big three of the Detroit Amps. Here he is, Jeremy Pargo. Jeremy, how you doing, bro? What's up unc? I'm good, man. Thanks for joining us tonight. What up Chad? What's going on, fellas? Hey, Mr. Pargo. Yeah. I ain't know. Hey, play me one-on-one. I, Hey, I, I kid you not, I told my people I got a whiteboard right here where I write scripts and I say I should write on this. Chad, I will give you 40 mm I should that work. Hold on, hold on. You'll gimme me 40 in What you talking about playing NBA 2K?


No, I don't even play that game. Oh, you talking about real life? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Real life. I've been looking for you too. I've been looking for you too. 'cause you like to talk. I like it. Listen, one thing about it, I ain't, why ain't hard to find. Now I can come. Where you at? Oh, hey, listen, Chad, we had an encounter in Miami at the, at the Stoplight. We just at the stoplight. You tried to borrow my car. I told you can have whenever you want it. Actually, You Can have whenever you want it, actually, because I know you'll bring it back. Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. It's good to see you, boy. Let's, let's talk, let's talk about, there's a movie, you movie, a movie that you star in. You co-wrote this film, The Final Play, the featured is about the debut. The Final Play is available today on all dig on all major digital and on demand platforms.


We have a snippet of the film. Let's take a look at it right now. Let's do it. Men love to be in control. See, that emoji got him thinking access. Granted. Arms over too. I know men like Braylin. Well, chopped up ain't. Yeah. Yeah. When are you free Uhuh? Don't be so available. Don't so unavailable Uhuh, man. Tell his ass Next month. Next month. So j when did you start, when did you start start thinking like, You know what? I wanna get into the film industry. I wanna write, I wanna write scripts, I wanna, I want to act, I wanna direct, I wanna be a part of this. What made you decide to say, You know what, this is my, this is my, this is part two.


This is act two of my professional Career. So my good friend, he plays Corey in the film, by the way, his name's Jarod. He had me do something back in like 2016, something smaller than the movie. And I'm like, man, I ain't no act at all. He's like, no, just come do it. So, based on that, I ended up getting auditioned for Chicago pd, but I was overseas playing ball, couldn't do the audition. And, and to be honest, we athletes, we ain't got the confidence to walk in nobody audition room and think we about to read and get a roll. So I was like, You know what? I'm gonna write something myself and I'm just gonna surround this thing with a bunch of people that want to be involved in the film world that are also athletes or people trying to do things. So I wrote it that way, man. I just, during the pandemic, I just sat down with note cards and just was writing, writing, writing.


And about my, my sister Valentina Bar who was big on everything. She's a producer on the film and this, this is what we got, man. And fortunately I was able to get Joe to show up. Hey Matt, I have one question. Also, when it, when it comes to writing, I'm, I'm a, I'm a movie head. I'm a buff. I'm, I'm enthusiastic when it comes to the art of acting in general. I, I can't produce the can't write, I can't do none of that. I'm just, I love the finished product of it. Yeah. So I'm, I'm excited to to, to check yours out. But when it comes to, when it comes to writing, do you, do you, do you write from start to finish or do you do it in parts separately? So, so I, I had a co-writer on this because like you said, I I, I didn't like to write in school. I was a math guy.


Right. So when I started writing, I probably got maybe 30 pages out. And this was, this was kind of easy to write, easier to write because I was telling the story from that I, that I've pretty much seen. I lived, ah, some of these come from a real place and I think this is relatable to all of us athletes. So when I was able to get about 30 pages, I, I hired a co-writer by the name of Che and, and he came in and he helped me build this thing to where it is today. And next thing You know, we're 90 pages. Wow. Yeah. Hey, hey, hey Ocho. Hey, look, one thing about me, I ain't gonna tell no lie to you 'cause it sound fly to you. Okay, listen, I gotta write that down. What? Listen, listen, listen.


It's a roco a romantic comedy. Okay. You gonna laugh from start to finish and all of that. It's got some sentimental moments in there, You know, to where you may shed the tip, but it kind of pushed you in the likes of like a best man. Okay. You know, something like that. So it's, it's, it's, it's a hell of a movie, man. I wouldn't have, I wouldn't have did the one two if I ain't think it was worth it. You know what I mean? Right. Yeah. Yeah. You ever, if, if I'm not mistaken, I Think you have a, an all female production team, how important was that for you to have an all female production team? So, coming into this thing, like I said, Valentina has, has been with me from Jump. So my good friend Ernestine, Ernestine Morrison, she lives in Atlanta and we shot this in Atlanta.


She's, she's connected. So we went through her for other actors and actresses. We went to locations and then to Leah Brion, who's another producer as well as director who led everything. She was amazing in terms of being a director and because this is the first thing I've ever done. So taking her guidance was, You know, like having a coach and just tried to deliver on what she did. And then it was, it was crazy, man, because these women knew what they wanted. They knew how to get it and, and, and they were really bulldogs and making sure we got what we needed. So was it a situation, I mean, you say it comes from a very personal point of view. Did you always, did You know what you wanted? The direction kind that you wanted to go and you sit down and you sat down and talk to them and they said, this is kind of, this is kind of direction that I see it in my head because what you see in your head and being able to put it down on paper might be entirely different.


But having these women obviously enjoy it is a romantic comedy. And having women point of view on one side of it to merge with your, what you, what your vision is and get that to come together. So a a lot of it was just like you said, what we experienced some wants in there. What I desire, I just watch, I was watching you guys talk about marriage and all of those things. So those are things that I desire. So it was easy to find a way to, to work that into film and, and, and having leaders in my life that, that has, has gone down that path in terms of having a long-term relationship with women like my brother, like Joe has always been great to see and continue to build in that, in that aspect. And the movie came together and I can't wait till you guys see it.


Okay. Ocho his brother is Janero Pargo, he's the assistant coach for the Indiana Paces. Right, okay. Yeah. S me and his brother, me and Hiss older brother played college ball together at the University of Arkansas. Oh, okay. Yeah. So that's, so that's how y'all know each other. Yeah. Yeah. 20 years Strong. Yeah. Been been long ride. Wow. So when a, when, when a, when the family, when a guy and this gal or You know, whomever goes and sit down and they watch this movie, You know, hey, they chilling at the crib 'cause it's on all digital and, and streaming platforms. What I mean what you Joe, you said, I Think you said Best man.


I was thinking like hell, You know, party go, maybe it's love and basketball Right. You by little, You know, I thinking something like, so it's a piece of all of them. What, what can the fans expect? It's a, it's a piece of all of them, man. Okay. It's a hard story that comes from a real place. It's relatable. I wrote it with the hopes of starting conversations between men and women in terms of their relationships. Okay. And building better relationships going forward. But every classic romantic comedy flower community that you can think of, it's a piece of it in there. Love Jones. The Wood is my favorite movie. Okay. So Point The Wood is classic. That, that is my favorite movie. So when I was writing, I made that their connecting point. They both loved the wood and that's how they connected and built that relationship going forward. So, man, anything you can think of that was a black romantic comedy growing up.


It was amazing. Like no joke. Yeah. Alright, Go ahead Ojo. Please tell me I can watch this tonight when the show is over or, or do we have, do we have to, we have to wait a little bit. No, You ain't gotta wait at all. You can put it on right now and have it running on your tv. So you just hold on. You, you can't see it 'cause it's his TV not centered so you ain't gonna be able to see it 'cause it's head blocking it now. I don't know how he got all that other stuff on the wall center and then he got it. He got an obtuse on his damn wall. Well, I mean, who and he got, who did that? He got a, he got a 50 foot wall with a 12 inch tv. I got a TV in the, and my backseat of my car bigger than that. He got the Back look like you got the big back on the tv. Man.


Hold on. Well you have to understand this, this, this, this place here. It's about me being a mini minimalist. Mm. It's about all, everything is all white. Mm. White. So I don't need what that gotta do with that small ass tv. Why would I, because I want everything small. That's the whole point. I don't Think you, that his room, you can still center it. It s me it's not center. Nah, nah, come on. No, because I can't sit The piano's over there. So what you need? Hold on. Oh, you watching TV in that room? If you got a room with a piano, you don't need to be watching TV TV in the room. You not, you not gonna tell me how to, how to do my decor. This is it. It is exactly how I designed it to be.


This is, this is that man bought an iPad on his wall. Hey listen, a a a jade the funny he telling me about sending the tv. My last name wasn't even spelled correctly. Whatcha talking about? I mean, I changed my last name to a number. You really think I care about my TV being centered? Oh yeah. I clearly, clearly not. Clearly you got an iPad mounted. I mean I guess you can just go over there and just, but a actually, actually that's a 60 inch, that is just that far away. That is not no 60 inch tv. I ain't gonna, I bought it. I paid for it. You mean six drop the zero six. Hey young, I don't Think you understand how far away that is. You know this. I don't give a damn, I don't give a damn if I'm looking at it from the moon.


Hold on. Lemme, lemme, lemme, lemme tell you something. You do understand right. This is 15,000 square feet. So it was, it would look that wall ain thousand square feet. I don't know. No, I'm I'm trying to explain to you 'cause you don't understand how big the, the establishment, I mean, is I, I understand that, but that ain't got nothing to do with that small ass TV on that big ass wall. That's not centered. Hey, hey Chad, I think I can break down what uncle's saying. He's saying when you, when you put the movie on the tv, make sure you push the couch a lot closer. Yeah, no, no, no. Right. I don't sit on that boy. That's, that's white alpaca. I don't see that's alpaca. I don't, I don't shout the kitchen or, or or why you put a tv? Why you put a TV in the room that you don't sit at?


Yeah, it just for aesthetics. When people, when people, normal people come here when my baby walk in and when kids walk in, they know go straight to your room. Don't even sit, don't even come down here. This is just come what They can watch TV cable. But one person at a time watch TV on that. Why, why you say that? You losing Jack that fall ass tv. You losing. Hey, it only cost me 5,900. There you go. That's that's cold. That's cold. You ain't ever getting that money. You ain't never getting that money. Hey, I'm tracking it. Hey Joe, I'm going there. That white alpaca with some mud on these Timms. No, I'm sure. Hey, You know, hey this is, this is custom made all white alpaca.


I'm not. Oh Joe. Yeah, that TV is not centered and that TV is not 60 inches Now I don't give a damn what they got. It could be chinchilla. Listen, I don't wanna center because the piano is on the other side. Okay. I tell you what, lemme finish. Go back. I tell you what, go back there and do this with your hand and I bet you cover the whole screen. What my tv? Yeah, that's the 60 inch. I got that from Walmart. Okay, go. I don't give a damn where you got it from. Go back there and do this with your hands. I guarantee you you'll block the screen. Hey Joe. He feeling the pressure. His eyes done got tightened up.


Damn. Oh. Oh yeah. That's about 60, huh? Yeah, because Chad guy, we ain't watching it from outside. He gotta drive in. Damn. Won't you just open the door and let the neighbors watch? So you saw how big that was. You see what I'm talking about? I see how far it is. Yeah. I I just told you how big the house is. You not listening. Don't, why don't you just open the door and just charge $5 and let your neighbors watch tv? Nah, nah, nah, nah. My neighbor, I don't even have neighbors. Huh? The next house is like two miles down. What? I'm, I'm in a castle. What that gotta do with you having that TV centered? I don't want it centered because the, I wanted it exactly how it in 'cause the piano's on that side.


It's a stairwell. You see the stair? You can, you see the stairwell? I can't, I can't center it anymore, anymore. A staircase quiet, but a yes. Hey, I, let me, let me do this. Let me do that. Let me come do your You did a f-ed up job of it. I let, that's the problem. I let you do it. I tell you what, sleep my 5,900. Since you do it. Since you got, you wanna do so much, do that. Oh no. Not then. Then you started it not me. You talking about my TV being small? No, you started Oh me, 5,900. That's what you started. You beat me. Don't. And I won don't we? I think we had like a thousand. We bet on the, oh boy. We bet a hundred dollars. Don't do that. Don't do that. We bet. A hundred dollars. Alright. Okay, Joe.


I, I'm, I'm asking, I I'm asking. I ain't know ocho ocho like crime. He don't pay. He I always pay as long as I owe you. You'll never be, bro. Well, I'm, hey, I just, I just wanted to ask your feel good. I mean, my money drawing interest in your pocket. That don't seem fair to me. Let me, let me, Hey, let me finish. Let me finish my pool soon as I finish the pool. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna send you money, man. I finna get me. Hey Joe, I'm Finn. Get me a dump trunk. I'm gonna buy me a, I'm finna buy me a dump truck load of dirt. I'm finna cover that pool up. I'm finna fill that pool in. Oh boy. Hey, listen.


Hey, this dude Jeremy, Jeremy, you and Joe are big three teammates on Detroit Amps. You guys gonna win it all this year? Man, listen, hold on, hold on, Jeremy. Hold on. Let me, let me, Hey look, I, I won a championship with his brother now in the big three we met. Now me and Jeremy, we don't want us a A BL championship out here in Atlanta, but we gotta get us a big three one. So he, he already know how I'm coming. You and you been MVP, you was MVP your first year, right Joe? Yeah, man, I broke all kind of records, but we, You know, I mean, we ain't gotta talk. Oh, your joke. Come on Joe. I was just saying, I'm just saying, You know, I I, I jumped in this thing. Listen, 2019 was a, was probably my toughest year in life. I lost my mother 2019 due to cancer.


And if it wasn't for his brother Janero, I probably wouldn't have played in the big three. Wow. I just, I just really wanted Sorry to hear that mentally I just wasn't there. And he talked me into plan and he was like, man, just come out here and have some fun on the weekend and You know, during the week, You know, we'll work out. And it just kind of, You know, worked out for me. Clicked for, yeah. It just kind of clicked so ever since and I just been, been gone. Yeah. Wow. But yeah. So what, it's time. It's time. We, it is time for us to get back to the mountain top baby. That's for sure. Well, who, who, who is the competition? Who is the competition? Man, we got some, some good teams on because I think Michael Beasley and Lance Stevenson on the team, right?


Yeah. Hart in the league is great. They 3 0 5. What are three? Oh, what are they? Jeremy Miami, 3 0 5 Miami. Then you got the NY r, that's Dwight Howard White. Howard Crawford, yeah. Jeff Teague. Who? J Jamal Crawford. Jordan. Jordan Crawford. Crawford. Okay. His brother Jeff Teague and Dwight Howard. They all on one team. Like, it's, it's the good, especially Johnson. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Wow. It's some good things, man. So you think this, you think this is gonna be the toughest year to win a championship because of the, because of the parod that's in the league? Prob probably. So, You know, we, we got a, we, we got a pretty good roster ourselves, You know what I mean?


Who y'all big man Darnell Jackson played at, played at Kansas, played in the league by seven years. Okay. Abruzzo? Yeah. Okay. Bruiser. Well y'all, y'all gonna need somebody. Y'all just need to file Dwight. Make him go to the free throw line and make it because he gonna be looking to dunk everything. Dwight Was just practicing four pointers. We okay with that? Yeah. Oh Lord. Have mercy. Hey, y'all don't want, y'all don't want, y'all want no extra legs? No first legs. Yeah. We need somebody to hand out water. We cool? I'm feeling no Man. I just saw you arguing with Joe about this about a couple weeks ago. And they pulled up the footage of you in the, in the, in the charity game. I don't know When I, when I, when I gave Tracy Gravy 12 and I gave him 12 and he got upset and he got frustrated. Yeah.


That game. Yeah. 12. I dropped 12 on him. I Only saw the clip when you lost the ball outta bounds. I only saw that clip. Oh Yeah. That was after I already scored and he was frustrated. Nah, that boy good and terrible. Alright, don't Worry, I'm gonna about him in the gym. I'm gonna find him in the gym. Hey, but Look, look we coming. Hey, we coming to a city near you? O Ocho. Okay, I'm gonna be there. Be caught. I'm gonna be courtside. We talking about LA we come to Miami, so Yeah man, y'all got, I'll catch y'all, I'll catch y'all at a stop. Hey look, look, one thing I promise you we gonna put on the show, that's one thing I'm gonna promise you. Alright? That the show, he ain't, you ain't gonna be wasting your money. You hear me? All right, we, we gonna stop by and check y out.


Oh Jeremy, stop. Thank for stopping by tonight, man. Best of luck on the film. Wait, hold on, hold on. Before Jeremy, before you go, tell me how to baby, I know you watching. Tell me how to watch that tonight. It is Amazon or, or Apple tv. Either one. It's available. Go and watch this thing man, and let me know what you think about it after you do. Okay? Okay. I'm gonna watch it tonight. Mama. I know you watching Ma. Put that on for me please, real quick. Co-wrote he, the, the film is called The Final Play. Jeremy Stars in it. He co-wrote the film. Let's go out and support him. He said it's on Amazon Prime and Apple tv. So let's go out and support our brother, make sure he gets some love and support. So Jeremy, again, thank you for stopping by.


Congratulations on the film sir. And good luck in the big three. Appreciate your time fellas. Peace. No problem. Yep Man, Ocho appreciate that man. That was that. No, no problem bro. Hold man. The nuggets announced that Russell Westbrook had surgery to repair multiple ligament tears. Nothing is exp nothing. He has expected to resume full off season activity training this summer. Russ gave his own update saying this morning I'm undergoing surgery on my right hand to fix two breaks that happened during the season. I'm grateful for everyone's support all year and I can't wait to be back out there a hundred percent soon. The comeback is already a motion. Hashtag why not Now, knowing that he had damaged ligaments in his hand, does that change?


Because You know, look, we know the rollercoaster. Russ is gonna be on, he gonna make some great plays. He gonna give you hustle, he's gonna rebound, he's gonna turn the ball over, he's gonna miss some shots. But does that change anything about how we see Russ right now, that knowing that he had this damage in his, in his two breaks, in his, in his right hand, his shooting hand, maybe to some degree to some degree, You know, it could have bothered his shot. Yeah. Okay. Ocho and I was playing, I knocked, I knocked the ligament loose in my right wrist. This was like ladder in my career, but it was in my right hand and as a shooter now I, I'm, I think I'm more of a shooter than Russ.


You know, it bothers you and it has Yeah. Second guessing, You know what I mean? Has you second guessing so I can kinda see it, but I'm just happy that in the lower extremity, right. Due due to his age and lower extremity and I think he can ultimately, You know, get back to playing the game that he love at a high level. Yeah, because you gotta realize he shoots the ball right-handed. But Russ is left-handed Ocho what? Yeah, he writes with his left hand. Oh does he? He does everything. He does everything with his left hand except shoot the basketball. Mm, I know. Same thing with LeBron. Yeah, I gonna say I know LeBron like that. LeBron does everything with his left hand except shoot a basketball. I think that's crazy great that you start, you started like that very early right?


That nothing you, you okay, okay. Well LeBron said LeBron said, You know, being lefty, not a whole lot of people is lefty. Michael Jordan shout right handed. So he wanted to be like Mike, but the only thing that LeBron does with his right hand is shoot a basketball. Everything else is done with his left hand. Okay. That's how I know that wasn't the ball that he gave you because that's a right-handed person that wrote that on that ball. LeBron is lefthanded. No, no, no. That LeBron gave me that ball on and just, it's just a view with you sitting at home looking at it from, from the, from the camera angle looking at me just like you thought that TV was small, you thought it was an iPad. See that's the difference. So when I, when I turn the ball to you, it looks like it's written with someone with a right hand, but it's really a left hand.


Let's lefthanded penmanship. I'm telling you. There you bro. No, you got it. You know like you notice I haven't had the ball with me the last few episodes. Right? We talked about basketball. Yeah. Where's at it's now I got it in glass in the casing, ojo. You gotta chill. You gotta stop it, bro. What? You gotta stop it. I'm just telling you. Hey listen, you, we talk about accountability on here and all that. Right? Right. Look you Yeah. Hey, come on now. You got it. Come on. I got, I'm i I got it. Okay. Alright. Alright. I got that ball in the glass case though man.


Joe said, oh, you gotta stop it. You trying stop. Hey look, I can't keep sitting on here hanging out with y'all and this man come over here lying like this. I can't no more. I'm sorry I can't take it no more. Ocho. You gotta chill man. Come on now we get company over here. You go to line. Come on now. Come on man. Come on, come on, come on, come on now. You got to cut it out. You got to stop it. Hey look, you talking about junk in the broom and all this and all that. Come on Ak. I ain't playing about that boy. Hey, lemme, lemme say babe, boy, you got me crying Joe. You got me crying boy. You gotta stop. Lemme say something. Hey, jump that broom boy.


You hear me? And I don't jumping the broom, the broom. Boom. Jump me one the other boy, boy you laughing boy. I ain't playing about that boy. Lord. I'm seeing, I'm seeing it ain't coincidence. I'm seeing the, the, what, what's the word? How, how, how do I say it? What you seeing Ojo? All those that jumped the broom that find that, that found that, that find that foundation. But they found that, that found that person, they found that foundation person. Yes. That match that that stability in how everything else seems to flow and go correctly in life after that. Oh Joe, boy, I need, I need some of that. Joe. You say you wanna be a part of some of that cool stuff.


Oh hey Joe, I need some of that Joe. Hey, I tell you, boy, you got me over here crying. You. Yeah bro. Hey, hey listen man, I done had my run but I done hung my jersey hung, I hung my jersey and the raffles. I done wave a white flag Joe. Oh man. Need some of that bro. Ain hot because see the one thing you, You know, ain't nothing out here man. Don't, don't jump that broom, man. You gotta tell, boy listen, you ain't gotta tell me twice. Yeah, maybe, maybe I could follow suit, You know. We'll, we'll see what's in there. Hey, he ain't gonna have no choice but to follow suit if he want that money. Yeah, I, These days I can do anything from my phone book a vacation order a meal from a five star restaurant, buy and trade stocks.


But maybe the most amazing thing I can do is make my dirty laundry disappear and then reappear perfectly washed and folded. I have rinse to thank for that. I just schedule a pickup in the rinse app or@rinse.com. A rinse valet comes to get my clothes and before I know it, they're back crisply folded and ready to wear. They even do dry cleaning, which is returned hanging in a nice rinse garment bag. And with Rinse, my satisfaction is guaranteed. If for any reason I'm not happy, they'll re-clean my clothes for free. Best of all, rinse saves me tons of time each week. That's time I get to do something I love. First is something I have to do. So if you wanna save loads of time by not doing loads of laundry, remember there's an app for that rinse.


Sign up now and get $20 off your first order@rinse.com. That's RINS e.com Made for This Mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle, this is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all.


So tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain Because it's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that. Listen to Made for This Mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming, how she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen.


What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Carmelo Anthony is slated to be inducted into the basketball Hall of Fame as a member of the 2025 class later this year where Melo Texas place in the hall of Fame. He wants Michael Jordan, Allen Iversson and Dwayne Wade to introduce him into the hall. My life is impacted by more than one person. I need three mm what? You Thank you Joe. Hey, look, I think, hey man, this, this will be probably, probably one of the most gratifying moments for him to have those dudes induct him because I think they all in the hall, right? Absolutely. Yeah. I mean, hey, why not those, those, those are some of his closest buddies dudes.


He's, You know, kinda rode the wave with and You know, he should be able to kind of handpick You know, who he want. I know he want MJ to come in there and, and, and induct him too, so Yeah, because because You know, he was a brand Jordan. Yeah. And he's been with brand Jordan basically his whole career. Like the face, the face of brand Jordan. Yeah. Yep. Yeah, he's probably one of the first guys to have his own signature shoot. Yep. I know Guy. He was like Mike Bibby. Ray Allen was there when the brand first started, but guys who came in and really had their own signature shoe, I think Melo was the first one, right? Yeah. I think Dwight Howard said he want three guys to walk him out too. I know he said Shaq, I forget the other two, but I think Dwight Howard mentioned that I should look, look for that.


Ash who, who? Dwight Howard said he wanted to walk him out. Hey, look, and I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm happy for Dwight and Shaq too, You know, for Yeah. You know, settling the differences man. And You know, being grown, man, man, we gotta put away the child his ways and You know Yeah. Throw up. I mean obviously, You know, Dwight looked up to him. He had to, hell, we all looked up to Shaq, You know what I mean? So I'm happy for those guys, man, getting inducted this, You know? Yeah. That's gonna be a memorable moment. Yeah. He said he wanted Dwight Howard said he wanted Shaq, Kareem and Kg. Yeah, that'd be a good one. Yeah. You know what? Yeah. He didn't kind of have fuel with, You know, he had him and him and Kg had, they looked back and forth when we played, You know, him and him and Shaq kind of, so You know, this, this is, this is pretty cool to kind of have things come full circle.


Yep. Dudes who you competed with, competed against and You know, for them to induct him into the Hall of Fame, I think that would be cool. Yeah, that'd be awesome. Yeah, AJ Brown was crying going on a rollercoaster for the first time in his life. Mm. I would run a slant across the middle against Ray Lewis and Cam Chancellor before I ride another rollercoaster. Man, you, you Rollercoaster got Joe. Hey, I be telling my lady when we be taking the kids to Disney World, like look, them rides ain't made for nobody. 6, 8, 6 7. Like, I don't feel like I be strapped in tight enough. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And look, you go to seeing all these different stories about these people falling out.


Hey look, I be sitting right down there at the finish line when they done I'll be here holding everybody bags. Yeah. Before y'all all get off, I'm gonna be sitting right. Hey, ahead the bottle. Hey, hey. I don't, I don't think AJ Brown really understands. He said two of the hardest hitters that played it. He said Ray Lewis and Cam Chancellor, I guarantee you if you played in that era with the, with the Legion of Boom and Cam Chance are coming downhill on you or or Ray caught you on one of them slants, he gonna choose that rollercoaster instead. No, just like, he wouldn't run that, he didn't wanna ride that rollercoaster again. He ain't gonna run, run that slant again. No, sir. And You know, now OCHO guy's running one step slant route.


Yeah. Oh no man, you, you getting a head start, you getting a head start when you gotta get in that a full three step sl. Yeah. And it, hey and, and now. Hey, and see back then Ocho it wasn't no defensive receiver. Hey you going, it wasn't no blow to the head. Exactly. Hey, going across quite a bit, huh? Yeah. Hell yeah. I lived, I lived across it because here's the thing though, Joe, you had to catch it because if you didn't catch it, they gonna knock hell out. You, if you did catch, if you didn't catch it, they gonna say you scared. That's why you didn't catch it. You get, they gonna knock hell out you either way. So you might as well go ahead and catch it. You get because they gonna be standing over You talking crazy O Joe. You get your alligator arms when you come across that middle.


Oh no Joe. I'm jumping, jumping and I'm jumping bad. Not jumping. I'm reaching for everything, Joe. That's why I got knocked out before reaching for everything. I don't care. Ray got him, Ray knocked, Ray got knocked his helmet off. Yeah, Ray, Ray, Ray got me good ball. Hey Joe, I could, the shack wouldn't have been able to catch that ball, but he'd go my ign ass, I still think I'm still, I'm still reaching for it anyway. But Ray caught me up under the chin and I got upset at Ray. How you hit me like that nigga, we just prayed together before the game. Yeah, I prayed. I didn't kill you. That you would pray at one prayer. I was praying at another prey. Lord, please don't let me kill this man out here because the beaters Joe. Like Joe. So he caught me off guard. I I would've put, I would put his hands on Ray Joe.


Hey man, listen, Hey boy. Oh man, I, I'm saying, I'm saying you knew he was gonna hit you. Oh, I knew it was coming. I knew it was coming because in his drop and I knew I had to slant and based on the coverage, based on the coverage, I can't remember now, now it wasn't Fabian Washington, whether Fabian, Washington, he softened up and once he softened up and I knew the safety go back, I knew Ray had dropped a little bit, so I knew he was gonna be right there. Yeah. He had hooked the, he had, Ray had the hook. Yep. Bingo. Exactly. So I just Right, I slowed down right in the hole. I'm not gonna run through there. I I reached for it for no reason, knowing I couldn't get to where Here he go. We got a clip. We got a a, a snippet of AJ on the rollercoaster. Watch this OCHO and Joe.


See what he got. Shit. J kj, I hate you. Oh shit. KK. Hey, AJ got his glasses on. Hey, he got his glasses and jewelry gold on. Hey, so where AJ from? Y'all roller coaster riders? Oh, I haven't rode one in a long time.


Once my kids got big and they didn't want to go anymore. I, but I haven't rolled one in a long ass time, Joe. Hey, hey Joe. I never Ms. Day County Youth Fair. Come here to Miami. Come here, come here to Miami every March and I think it leaves an eight in, in April. I don't miss it. I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't miss it Now what I don't like is they got rid of the double loop was the big rollercoaster. Used to have, have right in the corner when you go over the bridge, when you, when you go over the bridge, it's been going for a minute. But outside everything out outside of that, I'm getting on everything. Yeah. I used to ride the Batman, the Superman, the 10 story free fall. I used to ride all Universal Studios. Ooh. Nots very far. I'm riding everything. I'm, I'm pushing kids out the way.


Yeah. Shit. Down in the finish line. You know, they, and You know, now they keep cre creating bigger ones. You know, I think they got a, a Millennium force. They got one in Ohio that's 300 feet high and get up to speeds of like 70, 80, 90 miles an hour. I'm cool. I I, I'm cool. I'm gonna watch. I ain't gonna lie. I'm gonna watch, I'm gonna be there. I'm gonna watch ain't have you. Hey Joe, you ever rode Rollercoaster before at all? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's just uncomfortable, huh? Yeah, man, I just feel so vulnerable. I can't control nothing. I ain't, man. Yeah, yeah. Fuck yeah. Yeah. No you can't. Nah, I understand. You absolutely right Joe. You can't control nothing. Nah, stand over.


But boy they got that, that Six Flags I think, what was it? The Superman? Yeah, the, the Mummy. They got this thing called the Mummy at the Universal Yeah. Studio. Yeah. That's a good one. Yeah, I got on that ocho couple years ago. Boy, that was it. Look, I told my kids, boy y'all going, eh, I'm gonna be at the finish line on the next one. I'm gonna be waiting for y'all. Yeah. I ain't, yeah, yeah. I, I haven't been like I said o because the last time I was there you like, it's like hard for me to like click my to hear that thing click like, You know, you gotta hear that thing click ocho and You know that thing ain't made for big people. Yeah, that's what I be trying to tell 'em, man.


Why they think I be playing? They think I be trying to come up with all kind of excuses. Oh, ow. You just scared. You don't man, please. I understand. Yeah. I can't do Ojo. You know, you, I feel like the old I done got the, the scary I done got. Mm boy. Yeah. But like I said, I, I'm, that's, that's me. I'm frozen for some reason. Y'all can hear me? Can you hear me Ocho? Yeah, I can, we can hear you. Yeah. Hey, that's that. Hey, that's that dial wifi you using in there? Nah, we ain't got, we ain't got a dunk on uncle tonight. So I ain't dial no I ain't dial up that.


Oh, UNC done went out. Oh, there you go. I'm back. Now I back you back, you back, you back, back, back. Jamar Chase. Not really a hundred percent on playing flag football in, in the 2028 Olympics. I don't know. I want to hear more information about it. I want to know, know the timing for us off season, end of season. I wanna know if we're getting paid. I wanna know where we're traveling every week, every other day, every day. Like all parts of it because we have an off season. We have a life. How long would it be? I don't know. There's a lot of questions to it. I think it's pretty cool, but I'm not really a hundred percent on it yet. Yeah. I mean I I like it. I like it and I, I I like also after heard one of the reporters ask him how he felt about those that love and play the, the game of flag football professionally and, and making sure they're incorporated in some way.


He said, obviously he says he needs to do his homework on it. But listen, Doucette who obviously the quarterback who's very, very good and he did, he plays flag flag at at the highest level. You know he, he spoke out and said hey, he felt it wasn't fair that the game they love is being taken over by NFL players. So Yeah, for sure anyone is going to represent our country and a flag football format. It should be them. So Doucette, I'm sure you're gonna see this and I hope y'all get, get the, the do justice that you guys deserve for the game that you guys love to play and it's not taken over by those that play NFL football. They, they can, they can come help contribute and get a better understanding of, of the game.


But actually them just going from NFL football with a certain set of rules and thinking they're going to learn and dominate the game of flag football and just asinine to think Yeah, flag tough man. Hey look, I know, I know we all athletes and y'all played the game of football. I I ain't played no other sport outside of basketball but just this what about a year ago? I I we got a flag football team out here Hammond Park. Yeah. And guess what? It's co-head man, we getting our ass steamroll out here. You hear me? I'm talking about listen, I'm talking about the girls can throw catch.


I'm talking about they got all type of little nuances in the game that if you ain't never played it. See, see Ball got there. You lost, you hear me? Yeah. Yeah, they, hey they, they game different now. I thought for some NFL guys I'm like oh man, they probably be all right. But y'all saying ain't play. Yeah, it's hard. It's tough. Ain't no way. Hey Joe, it's too many. It is too. It's too many tricks. It's too many nuances. You're right. It's too wide. They're going on the knee and Oh they, they can manipulate the game in ways that NFL players aren't used to. I don't care how fast and quick you are having those attributes, You know, to apply to your game. Now that's all nice and dandy in the NFA but flag man sh shit.


And, and, and like, like he said, okay, how much time are they gonna have to devote because it's not like, it's like, like Ocho You know, like basketball, but basketball, You know when the, when the pros came, You know, came back in 92 when they went to Barcelona. Bad practice. Yeah. So what are you gonna do? You just gonna have these guys out there. Hey okay, you wanna play? Okay, okay. Lamar you can be the quarterback. Hey J or Tyreek y'all wanna play? No, they're gonna have to, they're gonna have to go practice and like he said that's their off season. Yeah. They ain't trying to get And just like the guys in basketball with Cho, they gotta give up a large part of the off season, Joe. Yeah. Yeah because su the, what you call 'em over with and then you got, You know like in basketball they got the worlds and they got all the USAs and they got all this other stuff.


But it's, it's gonna be different. It ain't just okay you hey y'all just show up. Right. You gonna have to put so I under, I understand what Chase is talking about. Yeah, yeah. Chemistry and continuity man. You can't cheat that. Nope. Oh you can't cheat you. You Think you can have the most talented guys and just go out there and beat up on folks but man, listen, if y'all ain't on the same page, it's a rap. Especially you don't know the, know the rules and you, you haven't been doing it for a very long time. Yeah, I agree. The Bears are reportedly looking for Caleb Williams to improve his body language and other fine finer nuances per Albert Breer. While the coaches understood the beating they that he took, they showed f to emphasize how he'd been slow to pull himself off the ground.


Williams reportedly is eagerly to make these changes. I agree. Body language is everything Ocho You know, You know how it is. Yeah, yeah. I, yeah listen, we talk about Chicago, we talk about the Chicago Bears. We talking about the same team that had Ja Cutler who showed no emotion the whole time. I, that why I told, I totally understand. I totally understand them. But keep, keep your quarterback upright. Keep your quarterback upright the best way you can. He wouldn't have to be slow to get up off the ground 'cause he tired of getting up. He tired to getting him up from there. He's tired. I understand him. That's why he getting up slow. The faster, the faster you get up, the quicker you gonna be back, be back down there. Well I Think you just like, You know like the quarterbacks normally they, they normally spring up because now you make it seem like it's the offensive line and You know, you don't wanna show anybody up.


Okay. So just, You know, just just pop on back up like hey yeah we know. Hey we know you take Yeah we know you get and and like you said, the coaches understood the beating that he took. Yeah. But hey, I ain't finna show the defense. Y'all ain't finna know somebody might get a clean shot on me Ocho but you ain't gonna know it. Yeah, you if I can get up, I'm gonna get my ass up. Yeah. I had some stuff broken and I laid right there. Y'all come on and get me. Well I, I broke my collarbone fracture, my eye socket joke I laid right there. But other than that I've done took some, some tuck, some mean shots. Yeah. Don't remember a whole lot. But that, that orbiter bone. Yeah, it had laid out. I was laid out for a minute too, but that, that hurt.


It made it feel like the whole side of my face exploded. Man, listen. Oh ah, when I did mine, they took me to the back man. I thought somebody was hitting in the back of my head with a hammer. That thing hurt me so baby, it just was ringing. You had a headache? What? What? I'm talking it wasn't going away Ocho damn. Yeah, I'm talking about ringing, ringing. That thing hurt. It definitely hurt. The falcons posted this picture today before promptly, promptly deleting it. We're out here 3 28. What's wrong with it? Why they delete it?


Huh? Yeah, what we missing? 2083 Patriots, Falcons. Oh man. Oh, okay, okay, okay. Okay man. Oh so they got, there's somebody, the jokes, the jokes went flying, huh? Yep. Okay. I understandable. But that, that's the past. Huh? That's the past. You have to delete, delete it for that man. Look here. Atlanta ain't gonna ever forget that Joe. You better tell him man. Listen Ocho Yeah. Yeah. It so happened I was playing for the Brooklyn Nets at the time, but I was here in Atlanta, we was finna play the Hawks right. Couple days. So, You know, I had a little shindi at the crib. My partner came over here, he had his wife and his son decked out and Atlanta. Girl I'm talking about, boy, they going crazy at halftime.


You hear me throwing a whole running of the bulls in my kitchen going crazy. You hear me? Yeah. Ocho boy, when that lead started trickling down, you should have seen that man. Hey, he lost it. He lost. He couldn't believe it. Lost. Yeah Joe, they was already in the streets. Man. Man, my homeboy Ben, they send me pinch they party in the street with a Super Bowl coming to Atlanta. What I tell you, hey, I'm not not even trying to be funny when a 28 3 on, I honestly thought the game was over. I had jumped on the video game. I started playing FIFA because I'm, I'm, I'm just thinking about it and You know, as playing the game as long as I played it, especially two teams that are as good as they are to get to the Super Bowl, to be down 28 3.


There's really no way you can come back from that. Run the ball. They did the ball. They, they made run, made every mistake that would not run the football. How you, how you up 28 3 and you have fewer rushes in the second half than the team that's down 28 3 Matt Ryan, no damn well he can't take a sack 'cause they in field goal range. Yeah. And he took a sack and the, the play that changed it is when Tevin Campbell got hurt, they brought the back up back in, I forget it, I forget his name. And he whiffed and Hightower, they had the guy open for a touchdown and Matt Ryan was Finn to throw it. And in the process, Hightower hit him. He fumbled all she wrote.


That was all she wrote. That that, that fourth, that fourth down catch from Edelman two. That ain't nothing, but Oh yeah, that ain't nothing. Well, it was almost picked off. Yeah, that was a number of the football guards right there, there. But think about it, late in the ball game, Ojo the fourth quarter, I think it was like inside of two minutes, Julio made that great toe touch. Yeah. You ingo Yes. Flying. Oh, that was beautiful. You in field Go range now just run the football. Yeah. Why would you, why would you? And, and, and Matt Ryan had been playing long enough. He knows he can't take a sack in that situation. O Joe. He can't. You just can't. Hey look, they built that beautiful, that beautiful stadium right after that thinking they was gonna get right back to there and man, it's hard.


It's hard to get back, bro. Listen man, it is. You take, you gotta think about it. Hold on. They went, they played us in 98, so it was almost 20 years before they went back again. Oh boy. Hey. I think people, people have been spoiled by the Patriots consistently going back over and over and over in Kansas City, in Kansas City now recently. It's hard, man. And it, it's a testament to how great 12 and 15 are. Mm. Yep. There's a reason they make, man, I, you, you get the point. I don't need to, I don't need to get into that These days. I can do anything from my phone book, a vacation order, a meal from a five star restaurant, buy and trade stocks.


But maybe the most amazing thing I can do is make my dirty laundry disappear and then reappear perfectly washed and folded. I have rinse To thank for that. I just schedule a pickup in the Rinse app or@rinse.com. A rinse valet comes to get my clothes and before I know it, they're back crisply folded and ready to wear. They even do dry cleaning, which is returned hanging in a nice rinse garment bag. And with Rinse, my satisfaction is guaranteed. If for any reason I'm not happy, they'll reclean my clothes for free. Best of all, rinse saves me tons of time each week. That's time I get to do something I love versus something I have to do. So if you wanna save loads of time by not doing loads of laundry, remember there's an app for that rinse.


Sign up now and get $20 off your first order@rinse.com. That's RINS e.com. Made for This mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small. Through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain. This is the struggle. This is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all.


So tune into the podcast. Focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain because It's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that. Listen to Made for This Mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming, how she's turning so-called niche into mainstream goal, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen.


What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Someone built the worst franchise, the worst NFL franchises building the worst NFL franchises logo, Washington, Jersey, the Browns Stadium Commanders offense, Browns Defense, Jags Coaching Cowboys, city, Las Vegas fans, chargers, mascot Raiders. Hold on. Y'all think OCHO got the weakest jersey? Who? The Browns. They got the weakens jersey. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hold on. Huh? Boy, you seen the Browns all white? That ain't what they known for. They known for them dude Browns. Oh, you talking about, okay, okay, okay, okay.


They all that all white, that all white Penn State now all white Browns uniform. When you think of the Browns, you think of that Jersey thing that's in that picture. Okay. Yeah, you right, you right. And look at the helmet. Ain't got no decal. Yeah, You right. Stadium. Now, I hadn't played in that stadium in oh my goodness. Almost 20, oh, almost 30 years. So I don't know what it it was, it was fairly new when we played in it. Right. So it seemed, but obviously they're looking to build a new stadium now. So clearly it's outdated. The Browns offense. Okay. Yeah. Jacksonville's Defense coaching Cowboys.


What's wrong with Vegas? I, I don't know. I didn't understand that one. Fans Charger ain't got no fans. They should what they, what the charger should have done? OCHO was renovated that stadium. I don't, first of all, you don't have the fan base that's gonna follow you. Mm, if I'm a Chargers fan, I'm not driving, I'm not driving that. I'm not driving no two hours. Well, it's only like 90 minutes. That's, everything is perfect. If the, if the interstate opens up it's 90 minutes. Right. But it's probably about four, three and a half, four hours. Man Chargers ain't got no fan base like that. They don't, I'm, I'm being, I'm being honest, they should have just re re the money that they put to go into SoFi.


Right. So they could be second class to the Rams. They should have just put that money into that stadium and built that right there. And the mascot with the Raiders. The Raiders used to have, I don't know if that's Raiders, the Raiders mascot. It used to be the, the black guy, the pirate guy with the shoulder pad. Hey, hold on Otto do the Yeah. Chargers and the Rams had the same owner? No, they played in the same building. SoFi Stadium. Okay. Stan Kronke owns the, the Rams. And what's the guy named that on the Chargers Ash?


Him and his sister Spanos. Dean Spanos. Okay. And his sister, they own it. But Croy owns, he owns the Avalanche. He owns the Nuggets and he owns a Arsenal. He own, I think he owns, he owns a soccer team too. I think it's Arsenal. Mm. Hey, hey Croy smooth as hell man. When you meet him, man. Like he flee fly. He fly. He a smooth dude. Yeah. Yeah. Rapids. Oh yeah, he owns the soccer team.


The, yeah. Colorado Rapids. Yeah. Oh. Oh Joe, what? Eight inmates are captured? Two remains the missing after more than a week on the run, the eighth inmate was captured in Baton Rouge and his back in CU custody. The sixth and Sevenths were arrested after leading law enforcement officers on several agencies on a high speed chase through Huntsville, Texas. You know Huntsville got, they got to prison. That's where the big prison at and said right there. So they might just stop 'em off right there. Yeah. See we gotta be worried about going back. We got y'all right here. Just drop you off at the hotel all up. I think one guy was doing a, doing a dinner TikTok video. Nah, but he ain't been swimming alone about 12 years.


Hey, hey. You think that was that was real. That was up to date or that was old? He got picked up. He ain't got picked up dude. Nah, nah. The woman with the tattoos ain't get picked up. Him and the other one with tattoos. He just did a TikTok video today. Oh yeah? Oh yeah. He had been talking about he ain't been swimming in 12 years so he had been swimming. He living his best life. Yeah, they listen, You know, You know what I mean? Can the, can the people, can the people ride him get in trouble? Hell yeah. 80 of Aban. Yeah. Harbor a fugitive. You damn right. You going to jail with him. Mojo well ain't listen, him and Derek dude with his tattoos and I think the last name, the last, the dude named Derek. He ain't going back. I can tell you that. He, he ain't going back.


I think his name Derek. Oh. He definitely ain't going back. Yeah. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. You can get in trouble. Hey man, they got best, they got best in all boy. Everybody probably done messed up man. Oh yeah? Yeah. 'cause the guy that had the over, he done got time. So the one that they, they, they thought was gonna be the last one that get caught. Nah. Alright, we gonna get you out here on this one. The last segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. No rush. 75 said We strive, we thrive. No Jive Pacers in five Quizzie said Kat and on different teams, but going home at the same time.


Mm. Pat Dove says I'm looking forward to the Knicks getting bounced. Summertime in new NYC is already enough Shenanigans don't need to supersize the nonsense. Damn p Dove. I thought you wanted want them to go to the man, go to the NBA finals. You know the, if the, if the Knicks, if the Knicks was the winner, You know what New York, they gonna turn that thing upside down. What? I, I told you what happened. If the Knicks was to go, let's say go to the finals, the statue literally gonna start walking and switch hands. He gonna, the torch gonna switch hands. Man, listen, they win. That next game is going to be, yeah, Milo said the current NBA generation is so weak.


Joe Johnson was a better player than Aman Brunson and Halliburton. If only teams build around their players then like they do now. Well it's a different game now. Okay. It is. You know when I came into the league you had two traditional bids. Your four man was not shooting three. Nope. Your five man was not shooting three. Nope. You played inside out. Yep. Yeah. That's how you play nowadays. If you, you need a scoring point guard and that's who we going to play through if you scoring point guard a scoring two or scoring three. Yeah. They don't talk through the bigs no more. No, they, the bigs gotta get it how they live. Hey, get that thing off flag let go with it. Yeah. The only big that they play through is Yolk.


That's it. Him and mb. That's it. Mb Yep. But they, everybody else, it probably the only true centers that we have left in the game. Right. That can play with their back to the basket and face up. Yeah, because at the time Joe, there's the only one guy that could shoot the ball at the three the big that was Dirk. Yeah, it was, it wasn't, no, he was the only stretch. Yeah, because you look at it, even Tim Duncan Kg, none of them dudes was shooting three hell no problems, but they weren't shooting three boy. They was, they was Masters back to the basket. A one A one dig. Said my boy Ocho got on them. LaVar Burton Shades on from Star Trek. What you got on ocho? Yeah, I shoot, I don't, Colin says he asked the question, what do y'all think's gonna happen?


First lines went the Super Bowl or Ocho pay unc his money lines winning the Super Bowl. Nah, I'm just keeping it real man. I can't, I can't keep sitting here and tell y'all don't gonna lie now. Hey, come on man. Won't do that man. I just call like I see Ocho, I call like, You know it's like, but also you don't see, you don't see the other part. I've been trying to, I told Unc there's many apps in the world. They tech, they made technology has made it easy to make transactions much easier. Hey, oh, do me a favor. Get Apple Pay, get Zelle, get Cash app, get any of it. I could have sent it right to him. He said he don't wanna download. I'm trying to get OCHO to pay.


Hey, I I old school man. Look, You know he, he, he think about the scamming and all that. He ain't about to do all that. Hey, come on Joe. Come on now. You know that man ain't about do all don't don't make no excuses for don't make no, just keep ain real. I mean, man, I ain't been, I ain't, I I, I honestly could tell you I hadn't been on the computer. I hadn't been on, I can't tell you the last time I been on the computer. All Hey, where your phone, your phone right there by you, huh? Yeah, he got PayPal. Create a email. I can send you the money right now. Just simple. No, I see. I ain't, I can't do all that. He joke, he don't want, I don't dunno how to create no email, yo, he don't want no money, Joe. I ain't, I don't know how to create, create no email. Oh, come on man. What? Lemme ask you question. You got a team? What make you think I know how to create a email? Got a team of 72 people.


Hold on, hold on. Ask Jordan. Y'all gotta help UNC out now. See Debbie. Thank you. Thank you Joe. Him help him, help him out. Help UNC out. See Ojo. Y'all been hanging out for quite some time. You done seen him on numerous occasions. Now, now I ain't trying to get Ben. Ain't what I do. I know. Hey Joe. I don't, Hey Joe, I don't carry no money boy. I don't do that boy. I carry a hundred dollars at a time. That's it. $120 bills too. Yeah, I, I ain't, I ain't the type that carry no cash but Joe, that ain't, that ain't me. Okay. All right. I I ain't never, well you got, don't forget now. I know I've been moving a little different than 20, 25, but I'm still that same cheap. Yeah, that that's me. I don't carry my man. Gimme my money Ocho.


I'm trying to Raheem Cunningham said goodnight. Uncle Ocho and Joe is my mom's birthday today. Antoinette, could you wish you a happy birthday for me? Please? We're big supporters. Love you all. Absolutely. Antoinette happy birthday from your son Raheem. He wanted to wish you a very happy birthday. Wanted to let, let You know just how special you are and how proud he is to be your son. So from Joe Ocho and aunt happy birthday and everybody at Nightcap happy birthday. Antoinette. Happy birthday. They, Trey said a ocho can I get an invite to the wedding? Oh yeah. What? Yeah, we gonna be right. We going shoot. That is a long flight, boy.


We, we, boy I sure hope you ain't paid me my money. Watch what I do to that wedding cake. Unless you gonna, we going, you gonna come, you, you come to Cambodia. I, I don't have in my money. Watch what I do to that wedding cake. Alright brother. That's a long I bet you, I bet you get, I bet you get a hundred million views. Mm. Make it 200. I I I'm saying you'll get at least a hundred million views. I got you. I'm gonna tackle that wedding cake. What, what color you wearing? I think Red, red white with, with gold trim. Oh boy. What he playing? Yeah. All, all white. All white. All white with gold, gold trimming with the red.


You know, it's, it's part, it's part of, it's part of the culture. Part of the culture. What culture? Cambodian culture. Man, I just said that. Oh, oh, oh my bad. My bad, my bad. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know. Yeah. That's, that's my, I like you part of the n ninja culture. I know what you, it's it's gonna be a mixture. We going, You know, it's gonna be, Hey, lemme, you gonna have bell bottoms, don't you? Yeah, yeah. You know I'm have you got be be. Hey, You know, listen, I've been 50 all year, so I'm a I'm, I'm, I'm gonna keep it going. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I've been, yeah, I, You know. Yeah. Think about, You know, GQ hit me. I'll tell you what, I tell you what I'm gonna do. Don't give me my money. I tell you, I tell you my plus one old friend of mine, Joe.


Oh no. Yeah, he got, he got a, he he got a Yeah. Don't put my, don't worry about it. Everybody, every, everybody Ocho everybody Ocho everybody that man, man, that man hitting below the bell. Ocho, you need to get right. Hey, listen, I don't pay the man. As a matter of fact, I want 10. Hey, as a matter of fact, I want 10,000 now. Nah, nah, all, Hey listen, everybody invited. Bet everybody gonna be coming to No Cambodia. I it is good. I'll pay for the flights. You good? Don't worry about it. You getting married in Cambodia? For real? Yeah. Where you thought I'm gonna get married At what?


I thought, I thought you already had a place in Jamaica. Yeah, but that's but I, I can't, I can't go back there because it's, it's a completely different person now. Mm. Say less man. We is. Yeah. Understood. Yeah. That's, yeah, that's, You know, that's how God works. I sure want to go. I sure wanted to go to Jamaica. Joe, I back there. I could see you there. That ain't, ain't no problem. Got one more. You still wanna go to Jamaica? I can see you there. I do. I wanted to go to Jamaica so bad. Yeah. Oh, okay sir. K said my guys two question ISO Joe, is Tim's on the hot seat after this season?


Playoff run? UNC and Ocho, what's an earlier analysis on Josh Allen finally getting over the hump? Josh Allen and Lamar finally getting over the hump this year. Joe, you first, is Tim's on the hot seat? I don't think he gonna be on the hot seat. I don't think so either. I think, You know, he is done a, You know, pretty good job in getting 'em to where they at right now. Maybe they need to add a little more depth to the bench. Yep. Because I think running these dudes in the ground as they, as they age, you get a little older, You know, man, it take a couple years off of you. Okay. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yep. And he played those guys heavy minutes during the regular season. Yeah. So it's gonna be, I don't think, look, they knocked off the, the, the vending champs.


They did it in five games. Yeah. So I think that bought him another year. I do too. I Think you gonna be all right. Yeah. They gotta get some help though. You gotta get them boys some help off their bench. Yeah. Because it's too much pressure on Brunson and Kat to perform at the level that they need to perform at for them to be every night. Yeah, they it too hard man. It's too, it's too challenging. Ocho yeah. Josh Allen and Lamar getting over the hump this year. Ah, sh Man, listen, if, if anybody get over the hump, it's gonna be my god damn bangals. Now if there's anybody else that's gonna be in the hunt to actually get over the hump as well, it would be Lamar and it'd be God, Josh Allen it, that it is gonna come down to those three in on the, on the, on the back end of things too, You know?


Yeah. Whoever plays mistake free football, whoever plays mistake free football when it matters most. They, they, they, they gonna, they gonna get over the arm. Yep. I'm just hoping it's us. I'm hoping we only Good. Well, chase, thank you guys. Might need to play a little bit more in the preseason. Oh, I, yeah, so you don't start out slow. I, I like, I like it when he said that. Yeah. I like, I like when you said that. Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. As you watch the Indiana Pacers move one step closer to going to the NBA finals. They one win away from advancing to the NBA finals thanks to a 130 to 1 21 victory over the New York Knicks.


Tyrese, Halliburton was sensational of 32 points. 12 assists, 15 turnovers, excuse me, 15 assists. 12 rebounds, zero turnovers. Pascal aka had 30 points. Aren Nesmith had 16 points. Miles Turner had 13 points, and Benedict Mathre played 12 minutes, extremely aggressive. He had 20 points. As they win, they move one step closer to going to the NBA finals for the first time since 2000. Hmm. Please make sure y'all hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. And guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for your support. Thank you guys for always being here, for UNC and OCHO and now Joe, a part of this basketball coverage.


Y'all know who I am. I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner in co-host Liberty City Zone. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson and the iso man himself. Joe Johnson. Please make sure you check out Shea by the Porter. We do have it in stock, and if you can't find it any city or state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of his platform. Shea, Shea Media, and my clothing company 84. The link is pinned in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Again, Pacers beat the Knicks to take a three one series lead. Game four, game five, excuse me, is in Madison Square Garden on Thursday night.


The Pacers look to close it out. The Knicks look to extend it. Thank you guys for joining us. I'm Unc, he's Ocho, he's iso. See ya, he's out. Hey, we be back. Ain't no telling Thursday the volume. Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sin back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason.


It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself. This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace. The leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours.


And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CCE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next.


In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali SU, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. You're listening to an iHeart podcast.