
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it, in therapy, by talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist. At Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus, Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's S-P-A-C-E eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code Space 80.


Why choose a Sleep Number Smart Bed? Can I make my side softer? Can I make my side firmer? Can we sleep Cooler Sleep number? Does that cools up to eight times faster And lets you choose your ideal comfort on either side. Your sleep number setting, it's the sleep number, everything Smart Bed Sale. Every smart bed and base are on sale during our Memorial Day event. Up to 50% off. Plus free home delivery, limited time exclusively. The Sleep Number Store near you. Learn more@sleepnumber.com.


I am Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali SU, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen To good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or ever you get your podcasts.


A lot of times big economic forces show up in our lives in small ways. Four Days a week I would buy two cups of banana pudding, but the price has gone up. So now I only buy one Small but important ways from tech billionaires to the bond market to yeah, banana pudding if it's happening in business. Our new podcast is on it. I'm Max Chaffin. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. Listen to everybody's business from Bloomberg Business Week, starting May 16th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume Guys, Jake is our front office sport. Okay? Hey, check. Listen to what he had, what this guy had to say. Mass front office reaction. The second pick will be made by Day.


Trading that beat. They all get Oscar for acting. They all get out. Oscar, according to, according to Adam Schefter one NB, a executive estimated privately in the recent weeks that winning the draft lottery would be worth a mini minimum of 500 million and maybe up to a billion dollars from one lucky franchise. Mm. The Mavs just won the lottery. Literally. Yeah. This was orchestrated, man. Hey listen, You know Phil, Phil Harmonic Orchestra, that's all every, everybody in that video just want an Oscar. They, they wanna end it, You know.


Oh, you got, come on Joe. You can see this from a mile away, Joe. I can see it from a mile. You can't, that type of celebration you Think you can fake Well, you should have told, Hey, I wish you'd have told me who was gonna win the lottery, me and Joe to put some money on, man. That's what I'm talking about. Y'all don't, y'all don't ever listen to me. I told you what the Knicks was gonna do in this series. And look what's, you ain't even know even having the draft lottery tonight. Don't yo, damn, you ain't even know they was having the draft lottery. Now how the hell you gonna tell me a joke? I knew, You know, you knew once the math one to pick because the father can't breaking dudes across your feed. Listen, it only made sense. UNC Luca gone the Dallas fans in distress.


The organization in Dallas under distress. What does the albums Adam Silver do? Hey, just hold tight. I got you. Nah, convene the, all of a sudden Luke is going and now we just with one, a 1% chance of getting the number one pick. Oh, we get the lottery. Come on now. How can You know? I mean about it, fans are pissed saying if the top prospect is generational, you best believe he going to the west in 2012. Ad went to the west in 2019. Zion went to the west in 2020. Antman went to the west in 2023 Wi went to the West. 2025, Cooper, Flagg went to the West. Mm.


You gotta say more. Nah, that ain't rigged, man. Man, this shit man. Come on man. Man. You say it took they franchise up to you. Said what? You said 500 to a maybe a billion dollars in valuation. The number one overall pick. Just for the number one pick. Yep. Yeah. They ain't, they ain't trading that. They Finn, they, Hey look, they supposed to tear down. What's up man? They trade Google flag down. I think about it. Hey, they say we got another one. We got another one. Yeah, you, hey, you can't, Hey, we let you aid, we didn't storm the castle with this one. You get rid of this one. I as will it gonna be trouble, Nico?


Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know man. I'm forward to see what's to come though. EPN latest Mark draft the Dallas Maverick Select Cooper Flag, small Ford Power, Ford, duke, San Antonio, Dylan Harper, point Guard, shooting guard, Rutgers Philadelphia, 76 ERs S Ace Bailey, shooting guard, small Foer, Charlotte, excuse me, from Rutgers, Charlotte. Hornets, Edgecomb, VJ Edgecomb, shooting guard, Baylor and Utah. Jeremiah Fierce, point guard, Oklahoma.


I like, I like that young Ace Baylor kid, bro. I seen him play a few. He nice if he Ron Harper's son good too. Yeah. Little Harper. Yeah. He nice. Yeah. Play on the same team. They play at Rutgers, like Ace Bailey with Tyree, Maxey with Philly. You know, that'll be a pretty good, that's that's a pretty nice tandem. Yeah. I don't know what they gonna do with them B, but I guess we'll find out here soon. Well, we, well, he might be a Laker. Ah, okay. Now, ah, You know what I'm saying? Hey, hey. We might have to get off some air saying, You know, Hey, I, I, I hate to see, I hate to see Kobe, the Ozarks go and I in the submarine Warrior ruined, but hey man, I just, I just can't, I just can't trust Jo.


I just can't even ENT trust him bead. I just, his, his body. He, he not gonna get healthier. How old is Joel and bead 30? He gotta be 30. He might need, he might, he might be looking for a fresh start, You know, rejuvenate his career in a little bit. That's sometimes that's all he 31. Yeah. Yeah. He got plenty of basketball left in him. He lemme ask you a question. If Nicole Yoki weigh two 90, how much you thinking be weigh? Like right now? I think he at least three. He gotta be at least three. 3 10, 3 15. He a big boy man. Yeah, he is. If Yos two 90. Yeah. Damn. And Joel and B what, like 7 1 7 2.


Yeah, I got him pushing about 3 15, 3 25, 3 30. Woo. Big boy, man. Yeah. But when he's healthy, when he's healthy and he is on that court win though, that he, that, that win. You know what you get? You need a fresh start, win win. Give him a first start Summer when he get a New Jersey on. Okay. You know, it could be down here. Nevermind. All right, here we go. Here we go. This joke want be he won Jan, this man putting an All star team together in Miami.


Man, that folks ain't doing all that. Check this out. I don't know if you guys have heard Michael Jordan will be joining NBA on NBC and Peacock as a special contributor. Jordan, the Bulls won six titles. He's a five time champion and he's regarded as the goat. What version of MJ will we get on air? What, what you expecting? I mean Yeah, he was, because think about it. I think NBC, the NBA hadn't been on NBC since what? Oh two. Because the NBA used to be on NBC well before it was on CBS. I remember when they had Bill Russell used to commentate with Brett. Brett Musburger. Yeah, that's before your time Joe.


And then he went to NBC, Bob Costas. Marv Albert sideline reporting was a, a mob Rashad. I mean, I, I mean we really, really never heard Mike really talk basketball. Not in a, not in a, in a professional setting. Not in, You know, he's sitting around, You know. Yeah. You hang out with him. He talk ball like that. Right. But camera's action people around. I, I don't know. I don't know what to expect. I think he gonna be, I think he gonna be very blunt and honest on there. Like, You know, just telling kind of how he really see the game. Like, I don't think so Joe, I think it, I think it's gonna be pretty entertaining.


Ocho I think people are gonna tune in because they want to hear Jordan talk. 'cause I mean, outside of, I mean, we really never heard Jordan talk except in a press conference. Yeah. Or except after a game. You know what I'm saying? We've really never heard him in a studio and he's asked to give a critique or an analyst or, or analyze what particular, what happened in the game or what this player did. What, You know, I like this player. I like Kobe. He liked LeBron, he liked this, he liked that. But to ask to critique and analyze a game, we've never heard him do this, Joe. But, but I, I'm not saying that he can, 'cause obviously the man has a tremendous basketball eyeQ. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it is gonna be interesting just to hear his views, his points based on what he's seeing, being able to critique while being fake.


I wonder if they gonna call him a hater when he calls somebody out because, You know, they call everybody else a hater. Yeah. And I, and this it all, it all depends on, it all depends on how far he goes in his assessments on players or what's going on. At least he, he, he, listen, he, he gonna, he gonna pick and choose the way he wants to commentate and analyze as well. He might not wanna put himself in position where he has to critique people in that manner the way, the way most analysts and pun Charles Barkley does. Mm. I I think, I think it's gonna be funny. It's gonna be funny. I'm, I'm, I just wanna hear, I just wanna hear, I just wanna hear him funny, his take.


Because, because I, I think the thing is, the, the, the thing is, is that a lot of times people think the greater you are at something, the more opinionate opinionated and easier it is. But we know from football, some of the greatest guys that have ever played the game can't talk about the game. Right. Right. And I, and, and it is funny how that works because a lot of times, like, like bodybuilding, I, I'm, I'm a big bodybuilding fan a lot, A lot of times bodybuilders can train themselves, but they can't train somebody else. Yeah. That's me. So if I'm, I'm anxious, I'm really anxious to see and to hear Jordan, his, his ti and his, his analyst of the game and players in today's game.


Yeah, me too. I, but I do, I do, I expect for it to be blunt ocho I expect for him to really tell how it is because maybe he'll draw the analysis as far as like when, back when he played in today's game. But I, I know he don't like that three. Yeah. I I know he the three ball. So Yeah. I'm, I'm excited too, man. I think it's gonna be fun if, because it's a, it's a whole generation, especially today who never even got a chance to see him play so, or heard him speak Yeah. Or even heard him speak. So Yeah, I think this is gonna be great for the basketball world for sure. He, he different.


I mean, if you've never been around him, he talk ish. Yeah. About everything. Big time. I'm talking bro. I'm talking about from what you got on, he playing cards. I mean, there ain't nothing that he ain't talking ish about. Right. And he want to bet gamble on everything. How long does that get from point A to point B? Man, come on dude. I just, I I'm just here man. Hey, how y'all doing? How everybody doing? Man? I ain't, I ain't come here to bet no money, man. Hey, he, he, he's a very, like I said, I mean, seeing him on television, don't do him justice.


Yeah. You gotta see him in person. Yeah. To get a sense and a feel of who and what this man is. I never seen anything like it. Yeah, it's different, bro. It's different. I ain't gonna lie to you. Look, I had the, I had the pleasure to be around him on, on numerous occasions and I just kind of sat back and watched, You know, I didn't ask a lot of questions on ojo. Like, You know, we had things we would do in the summer, whether it was brand joy and athletes taking vacations together. Us just meeting up, hanging out. And every time, bro, I just be, I would just be like, just watching, just, just trying to pick up any and everything because as he's talking, he's giving the game at the same time.


You know, he, he, he, he take us out to eat. We sit there and we talk and he'll tell you, You know, Hey, look man, all you gotta do is average five to six points a quarter, man. It was 20, 24 points a game. Like, it ain't easy. I mean, it ain't hard, You know, we make the game hard, but he broke it down to a science, You know, and, and had the work ethic to prove it. But yeah. Does he seem, does he seem real now? It, it, it, it really didn't a lot of times because Ocho that's who, You know, as a kid. I grew up watching, You know, watching all 'em boys game. Like I said, they played on WWGN or something like that. And I know we, we had that channel, they was on almost every night. So Yeah, for me he was like a hero, bro.


It was like, he wasn't even real. So to get the opportunity to rep the, the Jordan brand and being a part, or to be in that circle, like that was, that was, I can't even describe it, bro. We had a, we had such a great time, but yeah, he, he, he didn't seem real. He didn't seem real. He doesn't Oh, Joe, I'm telling, listen, I met, talked to Denzel face to face, had a conversation. Yeah. Samuel Jackson, Oprah. I saw Victoria and David Becker. I mean, I've seen some of the biggest stars in the world. Yeah. I've never seen anybody. Yeah. It's like he levitating.


I'm like, he don't ocho I'm back. This man glowing. You remember how blue Bruce Leroy, how he was, how he was glow, showed up. He showed up how he was glowing. Showed up. Yeah. Oh, I swear. I swear. Yeah. And I, I'm not gonna be blasphemous, but boy, if you ever, if something, if you ever met him, but if, if Ocho, if you think about it, every athlete that ever meet him says the exact same thing about it. Exact same thing. Yeah. Every, so I thought it was just me. I was like, well, You know, hey, I'm, I'm just, I'm in the league. I, I made a couple of pro bowls. I'm an all bro, I'm a pretty good player. So I say, well, You know, man, I'm starstruck, I'm awe Yeah. But then I hear people that's Hall of Famers in one championships feel the exact same way.


Yeah. I said, okay, I ain't, it ain't no bull guy. No, he, he, for real. I mean, and like I said, he different. 'cause I'm, I'm saying, You know, you think he gonna be like, Hey man, how you doing bro? You just met me. You talking inch from the door, bro. I aint, You know what I'm saying? Don't you? You ain't expecting that that's him. Yeah, I'm from, from the get. Yeah. I said, oh my goodness. But like, yeah, you gotta, I've never met Tiger, so I don't know how that'll be, but I can't imagine. I can't imagine. It'd be, I, the only thing I probably could compare it to would probably be m the other mj.


The og MJ Yeah. Michael Jackson. Yeah. That's probably the only thing that I can compare it to, because Mike was the only one that people, people pay all that money to go to the concert and don't watch it. 'cause they fainted. Yeah. The man come out there and just stand and people were just fainting. Yeah. It was different. So that, I think that was probably the only thing comparable to it. I had the fortune of meeting Jay-Z and, and, and, and, and, and Beyonce. Like I said, I've met, You know, big, big, big. Had a conversation with j Jeff Bezos. Ain't nothing like MJ bro. I'm sorry. I'm sorry


Dude. This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy, by talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SP CE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code Space 80


Made for this Mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small. Through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain. This is the struggle. This is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast. Focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain Because it's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that. Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything we, into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


A lot of times the big economic forces we hear about on the news show up in our lives in small ways. Three or four days a week, I would buy two cups of banana pudding, but the price has gone up. So now I only buy one. The demand curve in action. And that's just one of the things we'll be covering on everybody's business from Bloomberg Business Week, I'm Max Chakin. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. Every Friday we will be diving into the biggest stories in business, taking a look at what's going on, why it matters, and how it shows up in our everyday lives. But guests like business week editor, Brad Stone, sports reporter, Randall Williams and consumer spending expert, Amanda Mull will take you inside the board rooms, the back rooms, even the signal chat that make our economy tick, Hey, I wanna learn about VI chain and I wanna buy some blockchain or whatever it is that, that they're doing. Listen to everybody's business starting May 16th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Joe, like, he just, as a matter of fact, I'm trying to think when the All Star game was in la, he had a party and I got an invite and you couldn't drive 'cause it was at one of them Bel Air Mansions. Right. And so you had to a shuttle, you Dr you drove and they had buses shuttled to pick you up and take you, I mean the mansion, this, this place probably 50,000 square foot. Yeah. And the thing is, is like, I mean, You know, they had crab legs, lost all the stuff, but they had it like on a conveyor belt. So the place was coming around on your coming room.


Oh yeah. I I, You know, I pulled out, You know, I, I'm like, they, they, I was like, man, what the food? They was like, oh, it's, it is getting ready to come out. I was like, okay. So I walk a little further and there it is on a conveyor belt. Yeah. Now he is like in a little back room, You know, hold up. He si, You know, smoking a cigar, You know he gonna be on them cigars. Yeah. Hey, hey Ocho. There ain't nothing like the Jordan, the brand Jordan parties and all during Allstar weekend. I was That's what it, that's what it was. That's what it was. Yeah. Yeah. So I, I had the little luxury to be a seven time All-Star.


So I was a blank Jordan athlete. Right. That entire time. So man, they, they, they will start study, bro. It, they, it was it. That's the place you wanted to be. I, hey look, even when I don't even go to All Star weekends now, I got people who be hitting my phone during All Star weekend. You Think you gimme in that Jordan party? I'm like, man, look. No, I mean, I don't, You know what I got there by, I got there by half. I don't as a matter of thing, don't you? Yeah, to this day I still don't know how I got in because somebody said the thing to, to my phone. They sent, they, they did, they sent the thing to my phone. I don't even know how they got my number. Right. I was like, oh, you gonna get, is this for real?


No. Hey, hey. Oh, it was, it was, it was off the chain Ocho. I, I ain't gonna lie to you. It was off the chain. Yeah. Hey, I, I gotta, I gotta, I gotta meet George, man. I gotta, I gotta see if he can really, you got a, I gotta see if he can. You got a, I gotta see because talk Jay know I'm gonna go at him, Joe. Hey, you gonna have to take, you gonna have to take Nightcap the All Star weekend. I gotta, I gotta, I'ma, I gotta go at him Joe. Well you really Think you would've done something with me, huh? I would've had that. You do that right now? I had that 23 looking like 32. Hey, hey. He gonna be like, we can do that right now. But lemme tell you what he gonna do. He said I got, he said I got a million cash right now. Let's go play the, let's go play the leather. I tell to in his me, I got 5,200.


Oh, you gotta, hey, because he, because because the way he bet, the way he bets ocho he going to bet whatever's gonna make you feel uncomfortable. Right. Hey listen, and, and You know what, I lived my life being a, I've gotten comfortable being uncomfortable, so that's not gonna work with me. Yeah, no, that ain't man said million. See, I, I don't know. I, I ain't, I've seen a million dollars cash. That's fine. And I ain't really trying to do anything for a million dollars cash. Listen, I ain't trying to shoot no one shot. I ain't trying to play no pool. I ain't trying to play no ice hockey. I ain't trying to play no Madden. It's a whole different ball game. You know, like in the World series of poker. Right. When it gets down to the final table, what they do ocho, they bring that 8 million to $10 million out in cash and they put it on the table.


Put it on the table. Yeah. Just, just imagine Ocho they your salary, they put your whole salary up there. They says okay now win this game. You get that? If you don't, we take it. Yeah. Yeah. I like it. I like it. Listen, I like my chances one-on-one anything right now with him, with Jordan right now. I don't. You don't. No. Be honest with yourself. You, I don't. I would put my million on him that way. I double it. Matter of fact, Jordan, matter of fact, say say, are you sure who you got right now in horse shoot around one on one? Me, Jordan. I got Jordan, You know. Hey Mike, if you see this make it happen.


What make, make lot of Jordan. Hey, hey, hey, hey Joe. I think me and you been get a line of credit. We might need to get some more money put on Jordan. Mike, I love you baby. Make it, make it, make it make a lot of yourself. How? Holler let you boy man, we, we get a lot of Joe, I think we get a lot of credit and, and make us some money. Make us some quick money. You right. Hey Mike, with all due respect, holler. Let your boy man, let's do something man. I need to prove myself to these, these folk man. All right. Lord man. Bill Simmons predicts the Lakers will trade Austin Reeds when Reeds get traded this summer. And he will get traded. The stuff the Lakers get back from him. Gonna make it seem worse than the Mavericks didn't get in the trade.


And now the Knicks heat clippers are among the favorites to land Austin Reeves. And who? Nicks he clippers? Yeah, because he's not gonna sign. He won't, he knows that I'll wait a year and get a, and get and get that bag. You know. I'm saying what can they give him this summer? What's the max they can give him this summer? What, like 20 million a year? I think like 20. He and he go, he worth 40. Mm. Yeah, we playing different game because he, he signed the three, he signed a three year deal, 54 million.


So he ba he basically making what, 16 now. I don't know really gonna get for him if he out this year or next year. If he s out of it, he can make 42. Next thing. No, he got one more. He gotta play one more year. Now if he gotta play opts out, he can make 42 a year. He's opting out. He be fool if he not to. Yeah, just like old Jew Julius Randall, he gonna opt out too.


Yep. Yeah. You said you, you think he Julius gonna opt out? No, he did. Oh, oh yeah. Yeah he did. Okay, okay. Dang. I'm saying he can opt out this. Yeah, I'm saying Julius and Reup. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. For sure. I'm saying he got, he can opt in at 30 million I think. But the way he playing he, he know he gonna get Nah, so they gotta pay him 200. For real. I mean, why trade it? Why trade it to the Clippers? What do the Clippers have that you want the Knicks? I mean, what, what are you gonna get? You, you, I mean I don't see them trading you. They might, where they trade you Mikhail Bridges and Josh Hart.


I mean they could use some perimeter defense. Yeah, they definitely need that. Yeah. They got, they got to get better on that end. But I mean the Knicks still playing. Whoa. I don't even know why we even talking about them. They, I guess because Bill Simmons put them as one of the teams that's going to get off the reeds on the trade. Okay. Ocho more reports have emerged of the Steelers trading in George Pickens to Dallas. Significant locker room guys got fed up with Pickens antics and quickly turned and quickly got turned off by him for multiple reasons. Some felt it would be counterproductive to keep him around. Even with his unique talent. They felt the locker room could turn toxic.


Not many teams were interested in trading for Pickens, making it difficult for the Steelers to get market value. The Steelers wouldn't have traded him for anything less than a third round pick. Something that wasn't offered until after the draft. Not many were broken up with any organization about Pickens got traded, Pickens went off on ig. They're the cheapest organization. Ain't no stacking year after year. They gonna let them ends go too. As soon as it's time. Do you, Do you like pick throwing more gas on the fire? Hey Yeah. Throw it long. I would've just let it go. I and I just let it, just let it go.


Ocho listen. Hey let let it listen. They, they got reports coming out about him. Let him throw some gas on the fire right back. All you got to, all you gotta do, let's it just show see the prove everybody wrong. You not surprised by this, You know this, you've been in the locker room. We see we're not talking, we we're not people that, that didn't play the game. Right. That was in locker rooms. We know what's being said. Right. That's why I feel very comfortable when I'm saying certain things and people ask me how I know because I was in a locker room and I know I just, you, You know, human behavior, Ocho Yeah. You know human behavior. Yeah. Oh, Joe, just like basketball. You know the guy's like, boy, I sure wish they'd get your ass up outta here.


Woo. You bad. You bad for morale, man. I mean, damn. Yeah, they, they ain't got nothing going on over there anyway. So, Hey, sometimes you just look on your, just take the high road Yeah. And keep it moving. Yeah, you right, you right, you right. Keep it moving. Yeah. You know, they, somebody slap you to another cheek. Okay, cool. Nah, look, but, but I know the type of behavior that I exhibited in the locker room. Right. I know if I was late for meetings, if I looked late with, with practice, if I late for a team function, if I was late to the plane, You know, all of that, You know, that irks people, that rubs people the wrong way because they're saying, hold on, why is your time more important than mine?


Right. If I gotta be here at 8 45. Right. If I gotta be to the team playing, if I gotta be here, why can't you, if TJ Watt's thinking, and Cam Hayward is thinking, man, if I gotta do all this and you mean to bro, really, it's just, I don't know. I just, I I would just, I would just let it go. Hey, I been a lot of places Ocho hey people going, people gonna say things and, and and and ain't no refuting that. Yeah. Just let it go because you, you, because here's the thing, if I defend myself, they gonna say it must be true.


If I don't, if it ain't, they gonna say why you comment? Yeah. So I'm gonna lose lose either way. So I just rather lose my way. But You know, like you said, if that's the way pickers choose to handle you say, Hey, I, I five shots back there too. I just choose to lose my way. Forget it. Because everybody, everybody's gonna have something to say. Always, always Rams. Jared verse says he thinks about the Eagles lost every day. It crosses my mind about three times a day. I think about how if I did this or I did that we could've won. If Saquon's big run opposite of the field. If it didn't hesitate off that bat, I could've caught him. I still, I could've been better.


I could've stopped that. It upsets me every day because I could've won that game. I mean, listen, they had the opportunity, they had the opportunity to did the game on offense. They had opportunity. Yep. Game. Listen, there, there's nothing you, Mr. Verse need to be, You know, sad or mad about or upset about. You know, you on, you on the right, the right path, brother. You are on the right path. Just continue to do what you're doing because you were phenomenal last year. He was, hey, keep on building on that. Keep on stacking him black. Keep on stacking him. Absolutely. Man. He would've nice. Michael Pennies Jr. Started the debate off this week. Said it is weird to put Ketchup on eggs and grits.


Hell yeah. I mean, I'm not, I'm not putting nothing. Look, all I want is a little butter on my grids. Yeah. Little butter, little butter, black pepper, butter, salt and pepper. That's it. I don't do, no, that's it. We don't Ketchup. I don't know. I put some, I ain't really a Ketchup on eggs type of guy either. I don't even use either. Unc, I eat McDonald's, You know that right? Yeah. But the whole world know that I have never used Ketchup on my fries. I've never, I've never used Ketchup on my fries. When I eat my hotdog or my gls as they call 'em. You know this, this new era, You know, new society that, that, that we have now. Joe, you eat hotdog Joe because Ocho eat by four or five a week. No, it's not only you eat hot dogs.


Nah, y'all y y'all niggas bougie, man. What you mean? So I hot dogs Joe. Baby, I ate when I was growing up on, You know, hot dog. Now I still eat them because, oh. But see, see I, I'm, I'm one of the few that that haven't said, only back now. God. Hey, anytime I go to sport, hey, hey joke, anytime I go to sport nascar, I go to an occasional basketball game maybe once, maybe twice a year if that high school games movie theater. But I'm getting two Linzie, You know, I posted everybody and he was coincide eating two coincide, coincide, Joe.


Hey Joe, I don't meet Cam man. And they be laughing. Hey aint Joe. And, and the Tipt was sticking out the, Hey man, Ojo. Hey, hey Joe. Hey Joe. You know, listen, I don't care babe. Ojo don't care. Hey, I'm going, I'm gonna get my hot dogs, bro. Joe, I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get my hotdog at track meat. I don't care. It don't matter. Nah, I ain't had, I ain't gonna lie. I ain't had a hot, I probably, it's probably been about 25, about 20 years, 20 something years since I had a hotdog. Damn. Why are you miss, you missing out bro? Hey, when you, I don't even, Hey, when you, when you hotdog?


Huh? When you went to go see centers, you ain't get a hotdog? Uhuh? You know why I saw centers right here on my tv. Oh. Hey we, we all not able, we, we all not able Uhuh. Nah. Even, hey, You know them breakfast sauce, You know the more big breakfast sausage they used to give you Joe. Who? What you talking about? Your breakfast sausage? They give you, You know the big, the big low. Hey, you cook them too long and they, they, they, they bust on you the red sausages. I can't believe y'all, I can't believe y'all don't eat hot dogs, man. No, I'm, I'm, I'm more of a, I'm more of a soft, I more, more of a Pattys guy than, than sausage links.


But nah, nah, I don't put, no, I don't put Ketchup on. I don't put Ketchup on eggs. I'm like, I don't like economists. I don't no eat my, if I want, like I said, I want, I want grits, black pepper, little butter, little pitch of salt. Then I do eggs, then I do, You know, sausage, sausage patties. But I don't, I'm confused. Do y'all even go to picnics, cookouts? How you don't eat hot dogs? I'm that, that's baffling. They got other stuff to eat. Ocho. Yeah, they got, they got hamburgers. No, no, no. When you go to the cookout, you get two hot dogs. You get bake beans and you get potato salad and you get a, then you gotta have a hot dog.


He check soda all time. Y'all tripping man. Y man, man, y'all tripping man. Hey, hey Joe Said Ocho get the hot dog without the bun. Nah, now I can't have, I can't have my hot dog without the bun. Now I need, need my bun. I need my barn. I can't no Ocho You do realize, like you go through, you go through, you got, they got hamburgers, they got, You know about have wings. No, no, no. You ain't got to have steak. No steak. Don't nobody want no steak and no cookout or no pick. At my cookout they did. Man, they don't cook steaks. When you at, at cookout Ojo.


If you cooking steak at a picnic or a cookout, I'm not coming. What you talking about? Well, you don't come. I'm not coming. You stay your ass home. I want a normal picnic. I want that old school eighties vibe. Nineties hot dog. Aren kicking black people. I mean the black people, the cookouts that I've been to Black people always had steaks. Somebody was always on the grill. Yeah, no, on we, oh lord, my people, this man here. Hey y'all, y'all too bougie for me. Y'all. Hey y'all brand new. I don't know where y'all came from. Well, maybe, maybe that's just in the south. Maybe they maybe in Miami. They just cook hot dogs and Hamburg. Yeah, but where I'm from in the south, people gonna be, look, people be a, they be cooking.


They have goat on the grill. They have raccoon on the grill. They have steak on the grill. Yeah. Yeah. Frog legs squirrel down. Yeah, on the grill. Okay, I got you. I, I don't know. I don't know what you're talking about. Don't you? I got you. I got you. I'm, I'm gonna, but I did have, I did have hot dogs. I just didn't eat it. I'm a hamburger type of guy. Okay, well I'm a cheeseburger. You know, I, I like McDonald's but I'm saying in, in, in this certain scenario, picnics, cookouts. I like my two hot dogs. I like my baked beans, potato salad on the side. And I like baked beans. Yeah. Piece chick soda. Yeah. Joe, you like, you like chick on YouTube.


I don't drink. I don't drink sodas bro. I don't drink no soda. Oh, this nigga here you don't drink soda. You got a property. I mean, what else Joe? Ah, man. Here, You know what, Ida, Joe. Joe, Joe. You know Joe, You know what? Basically Joe, you part of the royal family now, man, at this point. Hey, hey, hey. Hold on. I bet you got guard sitting outside your house too. Huh? Come on, relax. Come on. What's, what's going on? Oh, juice, tea.


You know what I mean? Yeah. Some, some, some good nutrients for the body. Man, I gotta keep this thing running right. Oh, you say you drink, you Dre tea Joe? Yeah, I drink tea. I drink. Well, you from the side. You gotta dra sweet tea ain't talking about, I ain't talking about none of that. I'm talking about some tea that I make. I ain't talking about no, none of that sweet sugary tea. I ain't talking about none of that. Oh yeah. See, I I, I don't drink, I don't drink sweet tea either. 'cause I grew up, You know, the grown folks drank tea. Yeah. So I just grew up not having it. So it don't, it don't bother me not to have it now. Oh yeah. Nah, nah, I nah, you can only grown folk like my grandma, grandfather, my uncles and aunts could drink the tea. Kids didn't drink tea back then unless you snuck it. So it wasn't so it was, it don't, I, I can't, I don't know if I've, I mean, You know the sweet tea I had in the can that, that lemon tea country time, the country time.


Yeah. In the, in the can. That was the last time I had, that was the probably last time I had tea.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy by talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code Space 80


Made for this mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain. This is the struggle. This is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain Because it's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully. It all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get A front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


A lot of times the big economic forces we hear about on the news show up in our lives in small ways. Three or four days a week, I would buy two cups of banana pudding, but the price has gone up. So now I only buy one. The demand curve in action. And that's just one of the things we'll be covering on everybody's business. From Bloomberg Business Week, I'm Max Chakin. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. Every Friday we will be diving into the biggest stories in business, taking a look at what's going on, why it matters, and how it shows up in our everyday lives With guests like Business Week editor, Brad Stone, sports reporter, Randall Williams and consumer spending expert Amanda Mull will take you inside the board rooms, the back rooms, even the signal chat that make our economy tick. Hey, I wanna learn about VI chain and I wanna buy some blockchain or whatever it is that, that they're doing. Listen to everybody's business starting May 16th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


S Alright, we gonna get get you outta here on this one. Now it's time for our final signal of the evening. It's time for q and eight. Big Mike said OCHO was right, but my Nicks Nixon six. Nah. Nixon five Mmt, NBA rig Mavs had 1.8% chance to win the lottery. That was the compensation for Lu or trade for viewership. Scratch our back. We'll scratch yours told you Jenny a wrote MJ always, always said he idolized only one man.


Tiger. Well, I mean that's mj. MJ is a golfer. He loves, he love, I don't know. He loves golf and he loves smoking cigars now. And he gonna be on the course with playing golf and smoking cigars. Hey and like I said, I've never met Tiger, but MJ is special. Cory Price said new name for ocho. Fine. Hey listen, you can call me Ocho Blizz. Old Izzy Monster. Izzy Gobbler. I'm eating my hot dogs in public courtside wherever I'm at. I don't care. I don't care man. Oreo Hoodlum said bro, don't sleep on so-called grilled g Lizzies.


Ain't nobody cooking no steak at no cookout. Just ribs, chicken, hamburgers and bls. There we go. Yeah, they got, there we go. There we go. Thank you Joe. Man, they cook ribs man. They cook hamburgers. They cook. Yes chicken at at the Lord have mercy. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all must be having one of more $5 parties. Nah man, listen you, you, you haven't been to a real, listen, your lemme ask you a question. Do y'all have solo cup or styrofoam cups? Because that's gonna tell me the type of party that I need that I hold on. If you got styrofoam. I'm, I'm out the grown folk got the, got the red solo cups. We got the check sodas.


I prefer peach check sodas. My kids love grape check sodas. Okay. The spades game going on over the corner. The domino game going over in the corner. I got the fellas out the hood. They playing get like me with the quarters and You know the, the, the dope boys over there playing Selo. That's, that's, that's, that's our picnic and our cookout. I don't know what y'all got going on Ribs, Jacob. We got some ribs hot, no ribs. I'm eating ribs, hamburgers, steak, maybe a steak but ribs and chicken, hamburgers. That's it. Baked beans. I'm gonna get baked beans. I then I need to know who, I need to know who cooked potato salad.


The potato salad? Yeah. Amen. I ain't gonna lie. No, I won't make a little fish on that too. Now we can't get no fish on there. I have to have. Yeah they, they, hey You know they gonna fry some fish now but you ain't gonna get some water. The cro, I don't know if you, you ain't Finn get no, you ain't finna get no salmon. You ain't finna get no grouper. You not finna get no no white fish. You getting Whitey or a Croker? A catfish. Oh you want catfish? Yo. Why we can't put no salmon on the grill? Oh hell no. That man. Yeah I cookout. Yeah man. Hey man, my homeboys turn that whole grill over. You talking about some salmon man.


Hey, when y'all coming to a man? Nah, see Joe, Joe grew up with a, with a silver spoon man. You grew up with a nah Joe. No Joe, Joe didn't have no dead eat no sand. Listen, first of all, I'm from rural South Georgia. You ain't eat no salmon on no grill when you was growing up. That's not No I did not. My grandpa did not have any, that boy had that big smoke out there and that talking about that thing was cooking. You hear me? It wasn't no cat. You got Catfish? Yeah you got Croker or you got Whitey. That's, that's, that's it. That's the only kind, that's the only kind fish you got because it was cheap. Yeah man, you what do You know my salmon cost? You wanna get by two filets man, you better get you by. You better, You better get you something.


You could spend $10, get you about 30. Listen, listen. I ain't saying that one for everybody. I'm just saying it, it's so, it's something that going Oh okay, okay, okay. You okay? And you got a special order. Okay. Okay. I don't know Joe. Now these days me people be tripping. They who that fuck That is. Let me ask you joke. Listen, we, we, we gonna have a variety but I might sneak a little something on that grid now just for me on old Joe now. Okay. I watch. Yeah, You know you get back the ribs some rib tips. Yeah. I ain't no, I ain't know what you call it. You know what? I'm not, I'm not a, I'm not a hotlink guy.


You like Hotlinks Joe. I ain't no Hotlink guy. Hot Hotlink. You like hot links. Don't yo. Hey listen, the closest thing I get to Hot Links. I like hot sausages. Hot sausage off the ice cream truck. I'm not sure if You know about Pickle Eggs Joe. You know about Pickle? Yeah. Yeah. Listen, I come through. Yeah, you made it in a distance. You go outside and you ask your grandma for a dollar, maybe $2 if you, if you feeling advice. I get two Twist of Cream Donuts, I get a Jungle Juice. Y'all know what Jungle Juice is? Jungle. I know Jungle 25. Yeah. Yeah. I I get my jungle juice two Haitian treat. Yeah. Well what You know about that? I know about 2 25 gallon jungle juice too. Hey, I get two hot sauces. I get two pickle eggs and two Krispy Kreme donuts with my jungle juice. I'll never forget that used to be my order boy back.


Yeah, them pickle eggs go bad. No, I, I miss being a kid bro. You know, I, I didn't, You know what I think Costco or Sam's Club still got them, them big jars on them Pickle Pig feet. I me go give that wax paper. See y'all know about that wax paper. Go to the corner stove, get the towels to get that pig feet up outta that joint. Uhuh me and my grandma, my grandma pig feet, look I done grew up. I'm like man I can't believe I was sitting there eating a damn pig feet with Pig. Yeah Joe ain't on ocho. Jonah ate the knuckle off them beef. I'm talking about Hilton Ocho. Yeah Ocho when I got older I started to realize what my grandma and grandpa had whipping up and down. I'm like man I can't believe I was sitting there eating all yeah to it up at that point.


You might as well just keep eating it even though You know what it is now, now my body can't, my grandma look, my grandmother ate. She gonna cook what she gonna cook? It ain't nowhere. What you want baby? What? No they cooking smother fried pork chop or they cooking stew chicken or smother fried chicken or they cooking this or they that and you eat that and you ate it all until it was gone. Ain't nothing else getting cooked until all of what they cooked the day before was gone. Hey, so my, my, my family eat Chis bro. I'm talking about like you don't eat Chilis since I was a kid. I couldn't, I couldn't eat 'em. I can't get no what I'm talking about. You go to grandma house, the whole house smell like that stuff. I and one thing, one thing I ain't even have to be in your household Joe.


I bet I know your grandma if your grandma, your grandfather cooked them. I know they know how to clean them. Right. So the fact that they know how to clean them. Right. And once you can smell that a rumor ain't no way. Oh, oh yeah. You squeeze and you get all that out and then you pull 'em inside out. Yeah. Oh yeah. I'm I eating Landmark. I'm good eating all that Joe. Joe, you ain't no Chilis. Nah, I I don't want no chilis. I don't want no hog mo. I don't want no liver and light. Y'all done with the piggy sandwiches? I'm done with the hog head cheese. Yeah, I'm done. I I tell you what I will do now. You put some pig pigtails and some collard greens? Yeah. A big oh oh oh oh Big A big, You know, big pack a pigtail and a small pot of collard green. Hey, y'all tripping. Y'all pick and chew what y'all want to eat and just, You know what, You know this ain't the time right now.


This ain't the time for that right now. But yeah, we'll come back to that. Yeah. Yeah. They, they, we, I we go, we will circle back on this social show. I know you get that. We'll circle back on that. I know, I I got you. And just bear with me, bear with me. Hey Chad. Bear with me. Bear with me Chad. Bear with me uncle me back soon. Jamal the singer 5,200 UNC versus what? Ocho what? For each damn dollar you owe. Who wins Ocho? What you gonna pay me my money Ocho? Huh? Man, just keep the real, tell that man you don't plan on playing him, man.


Just keep going. I'm, I'm, I told him to pay him. I'm gonna pay him at the live show in Baltimore. How many times you heard that, Scott? We ain't even been to, I supposed, I been supposed to get the, I was supposed got my money to Super Bowl. That's what I'm saying. The Super Bowl. I'm stay outta there. The Super Bowl, the draft. Damn. But this draft just passed. Yeah. Yeah. The draft that just passed. I ain't had no cash on me. I figured as much. Oh boy. Okay. Yeah, I got you. I got you in June though. In Baltimore though. I got you. Okay. But so me and you made it a little like wage, we better little hundred dollars on. Damn, what was it? We better that little hundred. I know, but you lost those. So you gonna paint me or not?


What what, what? We bet on you, you were just about to mention it. What? You bet on the Celtics and Nick series. Nah, that wasn't it. Yeah, it was. So you want to, you wanna pay my a hundred dollars now? You wanna wait till the series over which one? I gotta look at my win. Three games in a row. It's in my phone. I gotta see what it is. After I wrote it down, it was okay, You know? Okay. Okay. I make make it light on yourself. Now I'm gonna tell you, like I tell, like I'm gonna tell Jordan in person. Make it light on yourself. Dr. Frank l Bellamy said, Hey, fab Iso Joe. I like you even more now first because you cancel like, oh, and second because you're a cowboy fan. Much love y'all babe.


Doc. Yeah, I, You know me. OO What are you, what's your, what's your Zodiac sign? Oh, I'm money sign. What? What is his birthday? January 9th, 1968. What It is a COR or a A who? Sagittarius. What? That You said January what? January 9th, 1968. Yeah, that my son Cap. What? What is that? Capal? Yeah. Oh, we talking about like that, that compatibility Shit. I don't, I don't know about that song. Kai Zo aint, yeah, I don't, I don't know about that stuff, man. I don't know about that. Capricorn. Oh, hey, what, what, what?


Capricorn. Hey, what's, what's the what's? What's symbolic for the Capricorn? Well, y'all sneaky as hell, huh? And full of Kaka. Who? It's a goat. Capricorn is a goat. Oh, so who? A goat? Stubborn Bullheaded. Right from these, so, nah, that is it. Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. As you watch the New York Knicks, take a three one a commanding three one series lead. 1 21, 1 13 over the Boston Celtics. Jason Tatum goes down late in the ball game with an injury. It did not look good. We don't want to speculate, but it did not look good.


Also, Minnesota on the road takes a commanding three, one lead one 17 to one 10 thanks to 30 points from Antman. 31 points from Julius Randall and they look to close it out on Wednesday back in Minnesota. Also, Boston looks try to keep their hopes alive and force a game six, but if not, doesn't look promising without Jason Tatum. Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host, the Liberty City Legend, the bingo ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson and our special guest basketball contributor from ar, the Arkansas native, the University of Arkansas alum ISO Joe Johnson.


Again, Joe, great job. Thanks for joining us. Thank you. See you in the next couple of days. Please make sure you hit the subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. And we want to thank you for counting and mattering because of you. We get to be who we are. So thank you for your continued support. Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter, Shea by La Porter, a Premium B-S-O-P-B-S-O-P. Very special o pale Best on the market. We won the awards and we got the awards to prove it. Now, if you can't find it, any city or state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door.


Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms, Sheha Media and my clothing company 84. 84 being spelled out. That link is pending in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Safe Work tour are on sale. Eight stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, Los Angeles, Miami, NYC, Chicago, and Detroit. Tickets can be found on shehe media.com/tour. That's shehe media.com/tour. Go get your tickets now. Check out your boy UNC Ocho. Guys, we're live tomorrow. We're back tomorrow night.


As a matter of fact, we're live all the way through Friday night, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, five nights in a row because You know what? That's what we do. We don't take time off. We make time count. Thank you guys for joining us. I'm unc. He's ocho. He's iso. See you tomorrow. He's high. The volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year Degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted. The old s sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool Rush scent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool Rush for yourself.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus, Talkspace is in-network with most major insurers and most insured members. Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health the priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA, CCE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


I'm Michael Kasen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content. The term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


A lot of times, big economic forces show up in our lives in small ways. Four days A week, I would buy two cups of banana pudding, but the price has gone up. So now I only buy one Small but important ways from tech billionaires to the bond market to yeah, banana pudding if it's happening in business. Our new podcast is on it. I'm Max Chaffin. And I'm Stacy Vanek Smith. Listen to everybody's business from Bloomberg Business Week, starting May 16th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.