
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career, and you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Amazon one Medical presents Painful thoughts. I could catch anything sitting in this doctor's waiting room. Ugh. I just wiped his runny nose on my jacket. And the guy next to me sitting in a pool of perspiration insists on sharing my armrest. Ugh. Next time, make an appointment with an Amazon one medical provider. There's no waiting and no sweaty guy. Amazon One Medical Healthcare just got less painful.


Hey, it's Jenny Garth. Did you know that Future Health, the best online weight loss program is giving millions of people access to affordable weight loss meds for less than $3 a day? Just go to try fh.com and take their quick three minute survey to get started, try fh.com. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Try Fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare service provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


The New Year's here, it's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive from toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate Palm, olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now, we're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring Faso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now, you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Pub Mall of products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive Rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.


This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly. Set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


The Volume,


The Emirates BA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in-season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports Book every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Saquon surpassed 2000 Russian yards. He's one 101 yards away from breaking Eric Dickerson. Record that was set in 1984. 2105. There are the, there will be temptations. Yeah. To let San Quo go for The record. And listen, you know what I don't like going For though, Joe? I'm sorry. Especially when it comes to things like this. I hate internally, especially when it comes to records that are being broken when it comes to players that have incentives in the contract. I've always heard about teams doing funny things, doing funny things. I've, I've heard the stories. I'm sure you've heard the stories as well. Don't allow players to get certain incentives. They'll take them out the game or they, they don't give them the amount of carries or the amount of catches that they need to hit. I hope they don't play any type of game for they want. I know they're winning. Right. And they might use the fact that they are winning or we might pull you off the game to make sure you don't reach that incentive for breaking that record because they don't, we don't want you to get hurt.


We wanna save you for the playoffs. But this weird funny stuff, huh? I don't know if he got that Ocho you, you think he got I I know damn well I'm not. Put that record, I'm not putting no record. Okay. If I break, if I break mega, if I'm a wide receiver, if I break mega, I'm Sayingm not saying I'm just as an example of what some teams do, sometimes players. I'm not saying that instead. Oh yeah. What happened to you? What You mean do I know somebody he know I I'm talking about Right? Yeah. I had a hundred thousand dollars in my contract. I had 115 yards and two touchdowns at a half. I needed five yards to get a s Then catch another ball, didn't get another target.


Play that game of Saquon and try to pull him out and not give him, not give him the rushes and the carriers that he needs to break that record. I'm getting that. Hold on. And I just saw Jonathan Taylor. Right. Go have like 18 carriers for 1 25. Oh, I'm gonna get that. I'm gonna say, look now it's on y'all. Y'all can gimme 25 carriers and let me get this number at the half. And I set that down. But I'm not coming out to, I get this record. You too close. Everybody talking about, oh, squa. I go He ain't being selfish. He sacrificed. Yeah, he blocked. He does everything that you ask him to be. He's been a model teammate.


Yeah. I don't know Saquon person, but looking at his personality and the way he interacts, his teammates love him. They got him holding up in the locker room in the offensive line. They doing things for him. He never got, when he was in the, the Giants, the Giants organization appreciates him more than he ever got appreciated in New York. Now I'm not saying the fans fans, this is not a knock on y'all. I'm saying the organization, I'm saying the Mara. I'm saying the TIUs, I'm saying Sean or who? The general man, whoever. They never show saquon what the Eagles organization has shown him. I'm not talking about the players, right. Because I'm sure the players loved him. I'm just talking about from the ownership front office.


I'm gonna stop in it there. You see the way they, they are, they embrace him from Laurie to High Roseman, the offensive line. And he includes them in everything. I'm getting that damn record. They gotta let him get you hung. I just know the game that they do play That's, you've experienced it before. I heard the horror stories about it and he sees so he's so close to it. I I I just hope they run the offense through him. I don't, I don't know the extent of the injury. I'm not sure what Kenny Pickett is going through, but they've got to lean on him. They got to lean on SA Corn next week, man. So I'm, I'm hoping he breaks that record that that, that that'd be very exciting for him. I'm gonna tell you like this, and I said it two weeks ago and I said it before this game. I told you what was gonna happen.


I man, I I manifested this. I told you the Bengals we're gonna win their last three. We took care of business last week. I told you what we gonna do to your Broncos. I didn't say anything in a malicious man. I I did it very respectfully. You didn't believe me. You said you said y'all was gonna win. Boom. Now you got egg on your face. Okay. So you can't say what up ball the rest of the night. Matter of fact, you can't say any other words tonight that star with a letter B. So say say the Rocos. Yeah. You can't say nothing else. Now next week the Bangals we got, we got the Steelers. Yeah. Have stealers we gonna take care of business. I no disrespecting we have any stealer fans in the chat. I mean, no disrespect.


I'm not trying to be disrespectful or malicious in any way. I'm talking about my bangals and what we gonna do. We gonna squeeze into the playoffs. We gonna squeeze into the playoffs. If we're gonna be a team that nobody wants to play from an offensive perspective. I can't, I can't, I can't talk about defense. I don't believe you getting into the playoffs. I Don't play defense. I'm just saying offensively, if we gotta score 50, bitch, we gotta score 50 and hope we can hold a team to 45 5. And as far as Broncos are concerned, they gotta play the chief next week. Yeah. I Bronco team could be the chief B team. You don't. That's how I'm feeling. They had the Bronco, they had the chief A team on the road To that block kick. Hey, remember, remember they beat 'em last year?


Yeah. In Denver. They blew 'em out last year in Denver. They, for whatever reason the Broncos, even with Patrick Mahomes were playing at his best. Yeah. Always. The Broncos have always played them tough. It does. Even when they didn't have, even when they didn't have, obviously not when they had Peyton Manning, they beat them. But even when they have lesser mature quarterback, when they had some of the other quarterbacks that they've had ocho they've always played the chiefs tough. And we know chief's going to the Super Bowl. Damn near Yeah. What, four outta the last six years and they've won three of them. But for some reason, obviously it's a division team. You're very familiar with them, but they play 'em tough. Michael Parsons. If Joey, if Joe Burrow takes this team full of playoff, I don't even think it should be a question. Who MVP is GD best in the world right now?


I disagree with that. I I just don't believe you can have seven losses and be the MVP five. If he, if he had the same record as as Lamar Jackson, you could make a case. But has it is Lamar is, is Lamar Jackson not playing football right now? I mean we just, we just, we just rave Yeah. About Lamar Jackson, what Chris for Christmas, what he, what he did the, the 48 yard run, which was his fastest speed he's ever accumulated. He said, man, that's but I was jogging. Yeah, he threw three ocho, he threw three touchdowns. Look, if, if, if, if Joe Burrow had five losses, the same is got a case.


We make this to you, you gotta make a case. You talking about the MVP race not long ago when, when I was mentioning I don't like the fact that the wins and losses total effects whether someone is in contention to be able to win the MVP because in its totality is not fair. It's an individual award based on your individual performance. But wins or losses come into play when it comes to MVP nomination and you look, So how much did that performance, right? The question that they, the voters are gonna have, how much did that performance go towards your team winning? So that's how, that's how they're gonna look at ocho. So yeah, you putting up great numbers, but so now people look at like, well yeah, you putting up great numbers and are losing effort.


Right. See, Jordan didn't really get the credit that Jordan deserve until Jordan started winning championships. Now they started giving him MVPs. Now he had that extraordinary season where he averaged, he was defensive player of the year. He averaged 37, 8 and eight defensive player of the year. But once he started winning, once he started winning championship Story, Now it's gonna be, be, look, I think and I, and I said this before, even when they said the MVP race was over, I said, it's not over. I said, because Lamar is still playing. I said, look, and I'm not taking anything away from Josh because you and I come out here and we, the man had six touchdowns, don't you? He ran for a touchdown. He caught a touchdown. He threw a touchdown and he's been putting up great numbers.


Well Lamar Jackson is 39. Crazy four. That's crazy. Work four, He's gonna be over 4,000 yards and he has like 800 yards rushing. That's correct. That nobody could, nobody, no other quarterback could have done what Lamar's doing. But Lamar Jackson And what I saw from Joe Burrow a lot more tonight is I saw him changing some of the plays. I saw him changing some of the plays and I, I think that I don't, I don't know if he should be being one of the best quarterbacks in the NFL had the freedom to override what Zach calls based on what he sees in front of him and be able to change it.


Like stuff like that is good. Like that got fourth one. You should have changed that goddamn player at the timeout. The game didn't have to be that close. Oh yeah. 'cause he looked like he put, looked like he put a chase on the one to t Higgins the first one. He put that thing, he put the T right to chase. He's like, chase, no, go over here. And now he's got 29 outside leverage on him. Ain't nothing you could do about that. And then one of the best throws of the night is that when Bo hey Hit Marvin Mims Jr. On the Dino. Yeah. Dino post, post Post y call that route. We call it Dino. No, no, no. That shit we see, we call that shake.


Right. See, all he did, all he did was stem to the post. Now here it is Ocho. See, once I go to the post, I'm gonna widen the front side safety. Now if I that backside safety, if he ain't paying attention, I'm gonna be over the top of him before he realize it. And that's what happened. See, he, hey, he looking, he don't realize the dangers over here. S over here when he realize it, Mims is even with it. Mims even with, so he over the top Mims had a good game. Mim listen, he pissed me off man. Mims complains that that second touchdown catch. Oh when double cover. Hey that was a good 50 50 play two people on you securing the catch.


I was hoping the ref saw, I was hoping the ref said, oh, the ball hit the ground. I was hoping the ref said the ball hit the ground. They went and bu it and they gave this man the catch man. But what was the man's first name? Yeah, Mar. Hey Marvin, I know you gonna see this clip. I know you gonna see this clip. Boy, you played a hell of a game and I promise you Bo Nicks and Marvin MAMs, if we had lost his game off that throwing that catch with them seconds on that clock, I was gonna fight y'all when I saw you in public. I I was gonna, I was gonna fight him if I saw him in public. But they, they play game that goddamn bo Nicks could throw. Boy, he could throw that ball off. I he could throw that ball. And when he put him, when he, when he bring it down and he run o and he got scramble and use his legs, boy that boy held what?


Yeah, he's gonna have to make those throws under pressure that overtime throw. We saw it last week against the Chargers where he unth threw it. I think the thing is Ocho is that, and he saw you can, if you read his lips on the sideline, he said I missed him. He did. He did. He he absolutely had him. And though, but I to say this Ocho I'm not so sure I'm on the road with a rookie quarterback. I'm not so sure I don't go for two in that situation. My defense, my defense has really done all they could. I couldn't ask anymore for my defense. Yes. Yeah. Joey beat threw for the numbers that he had. But at that point in time we got six sacks ocho we got six sacks.


We areti we are I'm in a one point game. Yeah. At home on, excuse me, on the road against a team that's fighting for their lives. I got 'em on the road. Yeah. I got 'em on the rope ocho, I got 'em on the rope. Gotta knock him out. I got him on the ropes Ocho, I, the, the I I know all the air Oh yeah. Has been vacuumed. Oh yeah. Up out that building. You gotta close. You gotta, you gotta close the show out. I Got, I'm not so sure I don't go for two on the, on the road with a rookie quarterback O Joe. IIII know it, it interesting, like, I don't know, I don't know if you listen to the sound. I don't know what the commentator said. I don't know. It's gonna be interesting to see what's this thing got start rolling.


I'm gonna look around and see what, what people are saying. It's gonna be interesting to see what people said, what they thought they should have done. Right. But I think in that situation with a rookie quarterback on the road and the dramatic effect of that, I think I, I think I, I think I'd go t Higgins finished the game with 11 catches a buck, 31 3 touchdowns, including the game winning overtime. Chase hints, if that was his last game in this stadium, he went out with a bang. But that's a big, if everybody's ocho you know this, everybody's saying the right thing. We won't, and, and there's no doubt in my mind they won't t back. But if I'm t ocho Yeah, he was wasn't TA second round pick Early, early second to, if I'm not, I'm second round pick, if I'm not mistaken, Early second round from cl Yeah.


Ocho the first contract. You don't give a hometown discount. You do that in the second contract. Right? Right. That's if that's if you choose to now, because see, like if, if t maybe if t was the first round pick, but if, if, if I'm a first round, I'm still thinking I gotta get one big D-Day. I gotta hit hit 'em over the head one time. 'cause I know Ocho Oh yeah, it's coming. Eventually they're gonna come to me and say, take a pay cut or you'll have to, you ev everybody as half. Listen, It's Not if it's gonna happen. Yeah. It's when it's gonna happen. Go look at, go study your history and look at all your greats. That was great with one at one team and they had to move on because whatever ca casually they wanted to go in a different direction.


And that is the team choice because when the teams do it, the team always says it's a business decision. But the moment you don't take less money, Ocho they say he's not a team player. Yeah. He's being selfish. Yeah. I mean, listen, wait, when I think about it, man, I I think TI mean Tee gonna see this, see this and I mean all the Bengals fans in the chat, I understand how you feel about t about him wanting to stay on your team. But I think about before you even made it, I think I'm thinking about before you even made it all the sacrifices, the pick up, the drop off the mama, the ups, the downs, the obstacles to even get to this point and understanding, I want to reach the pinnacle of my childhood dream and making it to the NFL.


It just so happens to be the Bengals. Now it's time to be, to get paid for all the work I've put in before I even got here. Huh? Before I even got here when your mama had to pick you up from school, drop her off at practice, you know? Yeah. All man, I'm thinking about all the work you done put in. Now it's time for that to be paid in full, not in discount because of where I'm at. No man, you don't Because guess what, Ocho Ocho you made me swim shark infested waters. Hold on. I came out on the other side and, and I'm Oh it And now you want me to give you a discount because you could've signed me last year.


Same thing with Chase. Chase ain't gonna give y'all no discount. Chase got, I mean, I, I look, I don't think nobody's gonna catch him in touchdown. And now he's two, he's over 200 yards. Like two 20 in front of. Yeah. And the funny thing I I hear people always say, yeah. Oh, we can pay, we can pay t and we can pay car. No, you fucking can't. This ain't ain't fucking Madden. This ain't a video. This ain't Monopoly is real life. Now what defense we have to address defense. What we gonna have a 5 million quarterback? We gonna have a 40 million and then 40 a 30 million.


Number two Receiver make 30 goddamn million. He needs to go, he needs to be somewhere where he can get what he deserves. He's not a, he's not the number two receiver money. Don't do that. That's disrespectful. I agree. That's disrespectful to him and the work he's done put in. And I'm, I'm more bangal than any Bangal fan. I totally, You know, so, and I'm telling you how it should be. He needs to But you realistic though, Ocho you understand Ocho as great a player as you was, you understand? Yeah. That they said, okay Ocho, we appreciate what you've done. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But we going in a different direction. Yeah. And a lot. See, but see, fans don't get that. See, fans don't, and you could look, they did Broncos did the same thing with me.


I understand. I still love the Broncos because they gave me that opportunity. They gave me an opportunity. I'm not so sure somebody else would've. And they believed in me or Dan Reeves believed in me. Wade Phillips believed with me. Mike Shanahan, the fans, they embraced me and my family and I appreciate that. Yeah. But I understand the business of it. Yeah. And Y'all can't say that I'm selfish. You know what's funny me? Go ahead. It's selfish of fans as well to say we can pay all the players. Why would you have three players with that kind of money where all the money tied up into the offense and just three players and then not be able to address the issues when we've had one of the worst defenses for a 17 game season.


It's also selfish to say, oh, we can keep t understanding that t's not gonna get what he deserves. And he has to say less because we have the best receiver in the NFL. Matter of fact, we have the best bangal receiver in history. Who's a play not one Bri, not one bridge truck. They better back up three of the motherfuckers for Chase know you got a $55 million quarterback. Now you telling t sell. Oh, here just yeah. Take, take Take 25 20 8 million. Oh man. Now you, you have a Super Bowl offense with a Bud Bow defense. We have to score 80 points a game.


It won't, it won't. And then, and you see, you see the one mistake like to doom you. Yeah. Imagine when you have two or three, I mean, you, I mean think about it. You had the one mistake. You had the one mistake against Baltimore and Baltimore and that cost you the game and it it, this you had one Baltimore one turnover against the Broncos. Right? You go and, and the thing was, you going to put the game away. Oh, think about it. You was going to get, you was going to to Baltimore when you had, when, when they were in Cincinnati. Yeah. You're going to put 'em away and the fumble. Yeah. Right back in the game. So you're never, you can really never rest with that defense.


You definitely have tore that defense. Thank you. You, but congratulations to the Bengal and keep them slim. Play off hopes alive.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, masters, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Amazon won medical presents Painful thoughts. I could catch anything sitting in this doctor's waiting room. Ugh. My kid just wiped his runny nose on my jacket and the guy next to me sitting in a pool of perspiration insists on sharing my armrest. Ugh. Next time, make an appointment with an Amazon one medical provider. There's no waiting and no sweaty guy. Amazon one Medical Healthcare just got less painful.


This is Ashley ATI from the Ben and Ashley. I almost famous missed podcasts. Did you know that Future Health can help make weight loss resolutions come true? Future Health makes access to qualified doctors that know GLP ones easier than ever and for less than $3 a day, get started with a quick three minute survey@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider, meds or prescribed at providers discretion Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


The New Year's here, it's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cashback rewards with Colgate Palm Olive from toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate Palm, olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now we're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Palm MO products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products. Get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive Rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.


Hey There, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway this new year. Make sure you take some time to take care of yourself and your family. Stock up on your favorite personal care items now through January 28th and earn four times the points to use towards discounts on groceries or fuel shop in store, online or in the app for items like Pantene shampoo, old Spice Body Wash, Pampers Swaddles diapers. Venus Razors and Crest. Complete toothpaste and earn four times points on your purchase offer ends January 28th. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Pickens is gonna have to be stopped having to be so emotional on every play. Every play. He doesn't get the ball. He like, oh my goodness. Oh Lord have mercy. Geez. I mean he throw the ball and be pro. I know, I know. Phenomenal. He's a phenomenal talent. Ocho. The, the, the, the, the the catches. The catches and the difficulty of the catches that he makes on a consistent basis. But if he were to channel a lot of that energy Ocho Yeah, I don't know. I don't think he realized just how good he can be. I don't think he does. I don't think he realizes ocho. Yeah, he Does. He does. He got Special ability Ocho I would realize that too. I wish they, I wish they would realize it too and maximize his potential.


You know, put him in, put him in different positions to make some of those plays outside of just go ball here, go ball there, you know, man, man, move that motherf. Oh, excuse me, my bad. Yeah, my bad. Move him around. Let him touch it early. You know, he's a play maker. I've seen him Lance, and go to the house and go 70. Yes. You know, he can do some of the same things. T Higgins. Yes. Jamar, chase, Jamar Chase can do S 6 3, 6 4. He's special. But they don't use him in that sense. So I kind of, I kind of get not making excuses for him, not making excuses for him. I'm just understanding how good he is and how, how much of a difference he can make for that offense and making everyone else job around him easy despite him being emotional at times.


Yeah. I I I just think the thing is is that he can't get frustrated, you know? Yeah. The interception bro that was on you. And they're like, they, they go somewhere else with the ball. I mean, I'm sure they would love to come to you, but I mean, they're doing a great job. They're taking their best receiver. Yeah. Their best DB and putting him on you. It's not like McGuffy is a slouch. I mean he, the guy made all pro as a, as a rookie last year for a reason. He's probably gonna make the Pro Bowl again. Him search hand and SA Gardner are probably gonna get make the Pro Bowl. Now he might get left out and Jay Ram go, but it's gonna be interesting. But I think we know, I I think SA Gardner and Ctan Ctan is definitely making it.


I mean, CTAN might be one of the two best corners and I don't think he's two. So it's gonna be very interesting to see how the A LC cornerback position. I think that that, hold on. Oh, that's, that might be next week. Ojo. I thought, I thought they was gonna name the, I thought they was gonna name the pro. That's the last, That's the last game of the season, ain't it? Well, Well I guess it because Christmas, it's before the last, because you know, O Joe, we used to do it like week 14. So, you know, week 14 you, you come out, you got, you got week, the 15th game. Right. And then the next you got, you know, you close out the season. So I, I thought they were gonna do it. I thought they were gonna do it Tuesday, but maybe because of the holidays and where it fell. So maybe you're right.


Mo Ocho, maybe you're gonna do it before the last game of the season. But like I, it is gonna be very interesting to see what the Steelers do and how they play this thing in the off season. They do have Justin Fields. Maybe they have another year on him. I don't know. I don't think they picked up the option, but they, I I think they kind of like have his right. I think, I think, I don't know. I don't, I don't. But Russ at 46 million, that seems to be kinda like the play here because the chiefs will have the bye week Wild card weekend. The chiefs could have as many as 25 days off before they be begin their playoff push towards the three P Because think about it, they played Wednesday. They're probably not having to come to work and they're one of those teams.


Andy gave them off considering ocho now they got home field sold up. So the last game of the season don't mean anything to them. So now they got on Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday. Mahome will probably throw a little something. He'll probably run Scout team Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday. You not nervous about that though? Woo. Having, having all, having all that time off and your team just the, the last two weeks your team just looking like the Kansas City Chiefs. We used to seeing you ain't look like the Kansas Chief, Kansas City Chiefs of Oh, throughout the tide of the season. You had good luck. You had a little luck throughout the season.


This, I'm not saying nothing bad about the Chiefs, you know they are the Kansas City Chiefs. As long as you have Patrick Mahomes, you have a goddamn team at anything. But I'm just saying you got a chance as team as a whole, you definitely got chance, you a chief fan and you in the chat, you know, your team has not looked up the par through. I've been tired of the season. Last week was the best. I've seen the chiefs look all goddamn season, all season long. Especially from an offensive standpoint. Yep. But having that much time off, do you think that's a good thing when they're just getting in rhythm and just starting to look like themselves or what we used to seeing at least.


I think the thing is O Joe, you can't run the risk. You know, you are Mahomes in your away from it all, be over. It don't matter. You get that guy Nick, it's over. You can't play well enough on either side of the ball. Right. To overcome the loss of him. He's the one guy that you can overcome. No team can as great as, as as greatest as. Yeah. Derrick Henry is running the football. Right. Josh Johnson ain't winning you no game at quarterback. It ain't happening. Josh Allen get Nick. I don't know who the back up is. He ain't winning no games.


Nobody, I don't believe there's a team currently constructed that. If their starter against Nick, they can overcome that. No, because Listen, we just saw it, we just saw it with Eagles. We just saw it with the Eagles against the commanders. A lot of people say, oh, the Commanders won that game. Actually no, the Commanders did not win that game. It was a Christmas gift from the goddamn Eagles. If you look at the way they played, especially defensively, we ain't seen the Eagles defense play like that all season long. We haven't seen Devante Smith drop a ball like that could have that could have sealed the game all season long. They gave that game away. Two deep passes. Yeah. A fourth and 11 of you know what the coverage, the percentage is for making it a first down on fourth and 11, let alone it not be in the pass, let alone not be in the run.


But the quarterback scrambling on fourth and 11th, the Eagles gave them boys that game. And I don't mean no disrespect, it's a good thing Jay Daniels was having a hell of a goddamn season. I'm just saying this game in Pacific should have been over on that ball. Devonte Smith draw it should have been over. The game was over right there. Oh, Trubisky is the backup and Trubisky is the backup in Buffalo. Hell, he, he couldn't, he couldn't win when he was the starter. He damn sure ain't winning as the backup. Carson wins. Carson wins as the backup and, and, and Kansas City, Justin Fields, Josh Johnson. I don't even know who the backup is in, in Houston.


Y'all help me out. Who's the backup of Houston? And that's the thing, look, it's hard because the rosters, because you not able to keep quality people at the quarter. Oh Joe, you the pistachio web quarterbacks. Think about it. Think about how long Steve Young sat as a backup to Joe. Nah, You ain't keeping no Steve Young as no backup. I mean think about it. You couldn't even keep Jimmy g as a backup to Tom Brady. The roster spots. I mean, at some point time OCHO NFL is getting away with it. You can't keep expanding games but don't expand the roster. Yeah. You see what they do with ocho?


They done added another game. They done added another game. So they're about to go to 18 games. But you're not gonna expand the roster. You can't give us three other plans. So instead of going to 46, go to 49 50. Come on now. Come on. Yeah. Oh, Davis Mills is the quarterback of Houston. If, if CJ hadn't played that well, but I promise you this, if CJ goes out, general Mills o Mills, it doesn't matter.


Houston go home first round. I don't care. I you name another meals, it does not matter. You're going home. Cd lamb season is over with two games to play. The Cowboys opted to shut him down. Ocho CD has dealt with a sprained AC joint in his shoulder since November 3rd, lost to the Falcons and he's aggravated almost every week. And more scans this week has showed that the injury had worsened. But Ocho no, you know, I didn't say ocho, you can't make it any worse. Right. You know, they always tell about the injury when they want you to keep on playing, don't you? Oh, you can't do any more damage to it. Yeah. So, well if if that's the case, why keep on hurting then? If I ain't gonna need no surgery. If this as worse as it's going get Why you tell I'm gonna need surgery?


Yeah, I can do more damage. Yeah man, I call already beat up. Yeah, well I can do, still do some more damage to it. Let me run into another wall. But with the Cowboys eliminated from the playoffs, the team decided to sit his number one receiver and the statement the Cowboys said he's not expected to need surgery and should make a full recovery. He's, he's over Right. Of treatment and rehabilitation. Okay. Okay. We good? Go ahead and shut that down. Yes, go. Go ahead. Go ahead and shut that down. Get ready for next season. Yes. You know when you get back ready, you and you and Dak get in the lab. You and Dak get in the lab. Matter of fact, you gonna be ready for mini camp. Matter of fact, you gonna be ready for training camp? That's another duo. Y'all need to hit the ground running.


Yeah, but Ocho but they weren't they Ocho, they're not, they weren't on the level that I thought they were gonna be on. Could be considering what it were last Year. It could be on, you know that chemistry. It ain't like, listen, that chemistry has to be built back up. Cd, lamb missed all the training camp. Okay Gary, we gonna get a deal done. We gonna get a deal. You playing around, you playing games, man, if you serious about actually winning, do right by your team. Do right by your players. Have everybody in the building when they need to be there. That why you think, why you think, why you think God. Michael Parson said what he said earlier. He planted the seed right now. Don't play with me when it's time to gimme my money because I wanna be at mini camp.


I wanna be in the off at the off season program. I wanna be at training camp. Yeah. I don't wanna be holding out like every player has to do when it's time to get goddamn paid. I think they just like the fact that they got us out here begging, waiting on our goddamn money. I think they do it on purpose because the numbers are what they are. The numbers are what they are. What are you waiting for to pay these individuals? Ain't nothing magical gonna happen. Ain't nothing magical going to change about the market. You know what it is. You know what he's supposed to be paid. Just get the shit done. Get it done. How your players in there, The Volume.


Amazon one medical presents. Painful thoughts. I could catch anything sitting in this doctor's waiting room. Ugh. A kid just wiped his runny nose on my jacket and the guy next to me sitting in a pool of perspiration insists on sharing my arm Armrest. Ugh. Next time make an appointment with an Amazon one medical provider. There's no waiting and no sweaty guy. Amazon one Medical Healthcare just got less painful.


This is Ashley ati from the Ben and Ashley Eye. Almost famous podcasts. Did you know that Future Health can help make weight loss resolutions come true? Future Health makes access to qualified doctors that know GLP ones easier than ever and for less than $3 a day. Get started with a quick three minute survey@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider, meds or prescribed at providers discretion results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


Hey guys, as you know, I've been taking some time off drinking, but when I go out, I wanna be able to hang with the boys. So I've been checking out some non-alcoholic beer options and Heineken zero Zero was the perfect drink for that. Yeah, buddy Heineken zero Zero is the official brew of endless possibilities because with Heineken zero zero, now you can, whether at the office, pre or post-workout, or relaxing at home, being 0.0%. Alcohol means you can enjoy this alcohol free option. Whenever refreshment calls Heineken, 0 0 0 0.0% alcohol, 100% taste only 69 calories. Now you can available at your local Heineken retailer or for delivery@heineken.com must be 21 plus to purchase. Enjoy Heineken responsibly.


Kroger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back. Score Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste you can't resist. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


A, B, C, January 8th, Tim Allen and Kat Dennings star in the new family comedy. Shifting gears, Dad, I am broke and I need a place to stay until I figure out what the rest of my life looks like. So a couple Of days when his daughter moves back in the last time he walked out that door, you looked back at me and gave me a double bird. I was 18. The double bird was how I ended all our conversation. The Wheels come off. Can We try to talk to each other like rational adults? Have you watch the news lately? That's not a thing anymore. Series Premiere Wednesday, January 8th on a, B, C and Stream on Hulu.