
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo, and a hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Meer Pickle onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal in fast food. Gotta be Wendy's.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag Chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes, that's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


Protect your end zone with the best clean pants down. Dude. Wipes come in a variety of sense and sensation like mint chill and shea butter to keep your backside protected with a hundred percent plant-based natural fibers. Don't fumble the ball with TP wetter. Just cleans better. Stop being a a-hole to your bee hole and make the trade of the season with Switch to Dude wipes. The MVP of Clean available at Amazon and major retailers nationwide. Dude wipes that's clean pants down.


Wanna pull off the season's freshest trends? You just need the right shoes. That's where Designer Shoe Warehouse comes in. Loving wide leg jeans. Pair them with sleek, low profile sneakers obsessed with the shear trend. Try it with mesh flats, feeling boho comfy sandals. Nail the whole free spirited thing. Find on-trend shoes from the brands you love like Birkenstock, Nike at Adidas, and more at DSW.


The Volume.


The finals are here and the only thing for sure is it's the last time to bet on college basketball This season. It's been an amazing ride to get here full of unexpected happenings. Maybe there'll be more. Get in on all the action expected and unexpected with Draftking Sports book. With live betting exclusive content promos and parlays. DraftKings, the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win it. Is that simple? First time, here's something special just for you. New Draft King customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Bet the unexpected with Draft King Sports book. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, listen up. Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned into. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well, would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and suites details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Did You know colon cancer is considered one of the most preventable, yet least prevented cancers when caught in the early stages? Colon cancer has a survival rate of 90%. So screening in early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. That's why the American Cancer Society recommends that if you're at average risk, you begin screening for colon cancer at age 45. And a convenient way to do that is with Cologuard tests. The Cologuard test allows you to be in control of your colon, colon cancer screening through prescription based tests delivered to your door with none of the prep that's required for a colonoscopy. No liquid prep, no days off, no invasive procedures. Plus Cologuard test is affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and a follow-up colonoscopy is needed after a positive Cologuard test. This is usually covered by insurance also. So if you're 45 years of older and at average risk, you can ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with a Cologuard test. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at cologuard.com/podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use Cologuard tests. If you have had Athenas have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopies. High risk patients. Cologuard tests in adults. 45 to 49 is estimated based on a large clinical study of patients. 50 and older. False positive and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Thank you for watching. Thank you for tuning in for another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join their nationwide G Network today. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, button Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Guys, thank you for your support. Thank you for your continued support. We greatly appreciate it because without you, there can be no us. Please make sure you go follow my media company, she Shea Media on all of its platforms. And my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out, everything has restocked. And remember once they're gone they're gone.


Oh, what do we have here? As you can see, the Webby Award nominations, Shannon Sharp, best entertainment creator, best Sports Creator Club shehe Best creator slash influence series, Nightcap. Best Sports show. Best video series. Best Live Podcasts. Recording. Those are the board that we're nominated for, as you can see. Are are, are they able to see that on our screen? Ash or that? Just on my iPad. Oh, okay. Okay. We're gonna put, we're gonna have what I'm able to see and what I just read, we're gonna have that at the end and you'll be able to see. But the link is in our bios, the web awards.


Please go vote for us. Voting ends on the 17th of April. The winners will be announced on the 22nd of April with the ceremony being held in May. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work tour went on sale last week. Eight stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, la, Miami, New York, Chicago, and things in Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. Alright, repeat she Shea Media. That's where tickets can be found. Shehe media.com/tour. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Guest the lining up, please make sure you get out there and see us. We're gonna have a great time like we always do.


Ask anybody that attended our show in Atlanta, Houston, and Dallas. It was a great time to be had. And we wanna share this with Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, Los Angeles, Miami, New York. Detroit and Chicago and Philly also. So please make sure you get out there and see your favorite uncle and your nephew, UNC and ocho. We've got a very special guest, Texas outstanding wide receiver. Isaiah Bond joins us in a second, but first the biggest story Cowboys on the Jerry Jones says he has come through an agreement with Michael Parson on big aspect of his contract extension, but excluded David mug Aletta from athletes first from the talks. Let's take a listen to what Jerry had to say. And Jerry being Jerry Tom, yes.


Tom guarantees money. All those things. We've had a meeting under mines. Why have you not had that same meeting in mind? Organization? Well, I don't know that, You know, it's, I'm the one who has signed the check and mine's one has to agree to it. So that's the straightest way to get there is the one writing the check and the one agreeing to it talking. And that's the principle that's involved here. And I understand all the other issues, but as You know, it's not uncommon for me to negotiate directly with players and I've done that. And so we are there.


I don't view it as urgent at all. And You know, some say, well using the basis that the earlier you get something done, the cheaper, whether earlier you get something done, a lot of times the more mistake you make and you might want see a few more cards playing. Not just with that particular negotiation but with the whole team. And so I, I know I'm kind of being a little defensive here, but the idea that the only success is getting a contract done at an early time is incorrect.


And I'd rather pay more and get it right. Hey, unc, that's the problem out there in Dallas. Now that's the problem. Why would you not wanna do a contract the right way and have the middleman, the agent who has to understand and look at the language. Did he do it? No owner ever. No owner ever does a contract with the player itself. If he has an agent, especially if he has an agent. Sometimes you see Bobby, you see Bobby Wagner does his own contract. Lamar and his mom, they did his contract. Okay, that's fine. But he knows David mug Aletta. He was the guy that negotiated Michael Parson's rookie deal.


Now he didn't, he didn't circumvent Todd France. Who did that Prescott deal. He never circumvented Tony Romo's guy who did his deal, did he circumvent CD lamb? You see what he tried to do? No, no, no. And, and, and Clarence Hill Jr. Reported this, he used to write for the Dallas. I don't know where Clarence is now, but he reported that he tried to circumvent it and, and Michael said facts, but I'm not doing any deal. He said, that's why I high representation. Yeah, He said a high representation for this very reason. You are gonna go through the same parameters and deal with David Muga letter like you did everybody else that negotiated these a hundred million dollar contract because You know, you ain't just doing this.


Jerry, Jerry ain't writing this contract. He got lawyers writing that contract. You see what Jerry trying to do? Jerry think he's slick. Yeah. Very slick. And not only do we have lawyers writing the contract, there's certain things in the contract that players really don't know about. There's fine language that you can't see, that you can't read that you have to go through. Yep. And when you think about a contract, I'm, I, I don't know what people actually know. It ain't no just one piece of paper. There's many contract. Yes. It there's many, it's many layers to it. Right. Many layers to it. And you gotta peel through all that. And who does that? The agent. The agent and the lawyers. Any assistance that he may have to make sure that everything is in there. Right. Because it's tricky language in there that will trip you up if you don't pay attention.


If you don't pay attention to it or have someone that knows what they're looking for, do right by you. Long term they'll play with you. You get Somebody get somebody s ocho you get somebody to get somebody the situation. He gets a DUI hope that never happens. He runs a file with the law. Yeah. Now they terminate the entire contract. Contract. Yeah. See that, that it's that five language in there. Yeah. You can't see it Now. You can't see it. Yeah. Because all you look in on it. But you gotta read, have somebody read through it, David move the letter's, gonna read through it, then he is gonna have his number two to read through it to make sure he didn't miss anything. And then maybe, You know what, have a number three, read through it through it to make sure the first two didn't miss anything because you want to go everything with a fine tooth comb.


Because when you dealing with this kind money, I ain't trying to give y'all none of it back. I don't want no offset language. I don't want nothing. You not putting none of that in there. They love, they love that offset language. I know they do. They love, they love any way where you make any errors in life, whether it's on, You know, and trying to get their money back. Yep. Wait and You know, You know it's funny when it comes to contract talks and lets, You know how owners really feel about you. Yes. If you're part of their team when it comes to contract talks and negotiation, it'll let You know how management dms and owners really feel about you when it's time to get paid. That's Why I had, that's why I had a major because I didn't want, that's why because Ocho, I didn't want them to tell me something that's gonna cause you to feel some type of way.


Okay. They gonna tell you, they gonna see, they're not gonna tell you what you could Absolutely. They gonna tell you what do bad And I don't want to hear that because I don't want you, Hey, I know you feel about me a certain way. Right. I feel that same way about your punk ass. So I so to keep me from saying, You know, from going off. Yeah. And he's only gonna tell me the good stuff. Oh yeah. It's going really, really well. Even though he's never gonna tell me that. Because Not gonna tell you the truth. He not gonna tell you The truth. And you don't want that the word No, the word, the words that are used in those meeting rooms, when it's time to negotiate, they play hardball. Yes. For one, they gonna undermine you and they gonna low ball you off the rip of course for undermine you. And they gonna low ball you off the rip every single time.


No matter how good you are, no matter the player is let you, the quarterback now every other position. Oh, they don't play. You gotta have a shark. You got to have a shark as an agent when it's time to go get paid. And that's what you need. But I, I don't, but see that, that's the thing. Why would you see how Jerry do now? Why would you try, You know, this man has an agent. Why you trying to circumvent him? Oh, the best way to do things is to go right now. That ain't how it works, Jerry. Oh, It ain't, that's not, that's how it never works. Unless, unless there's a player. Unless there's a player He's representing himself, Represents himself and says that he's representing himself. And those that do do it, they've done their homework and do diligence to be able to do so.


Right. And even they have help. Yes. In getting that done, This is what Michael tweeted. Michael said, facts, David is the best And I will not be doing any deal without David mug Aletta at David mug. Aletta involved like anyone with good sense, I hired experts or reason. There's no one I trust more when it comes to negotiating contracts than David. There'll be no back doors in this contract negotiation. Yeah. None. Zero. I Now you one of stuff like that pisses jerry off for Jerry to come out and say one thing and then Mike can come back and correct them and let the world know, regardless of what Jerry says, I do have representation and I'm not getting a deal won't be done unless Jerry goes to the right.


The right channels. The proper channels. Yes. Yeah. And I got one more year on my deal. Miles. Gary had two years left on this deal. Yeah. Miles. Gary got 40 mil. Come on, see me Miles. Gary got 1 23 0.5 guaranteed a hundred million in the first three years. I need to get more than that because Miles, Gary's got two years left. I got one college. Your boy And, and hold on. What if they get to the point where they piss Mike off and they piss off the agent and they say, You know what, we just gonna play out that last year And you can don't franchise tag us.


We're too late. They got that franchise tag on them. But see, here's my negotiating, here's my negotiating chip moving forward. Y'all want this negotiate, y'all want this 18 game? No more franchise tags, no more transition tags. That's a good one. And a and that's for, that's for starters. Right. And I want, I want at least for every vested player that plays at least three years and become vested, I want at least 10 years of, of medical Right. Benefits after we done playing. After We done. Yeah. At least at the bare minimum. 10. Right. And the more you play, the longer that goes. But I don't want a franchise tag. Franchise tag goes away immediately. Transition tag goes away immediately.


I like that. I I have a question. I got a good question though. Huh? Think about this. If there was something that you could put on the table, what would you rather more, would you rather the franchise get rid of the franchise tag? Lifetime Health benefits Or people have the ability to get guaranteed contracts. Guaranteed Contracts. That's a good one. I I knew, I I knew that. I knew That's a good, that's a good one. That's A good one. Guaranteed contracts guaranteed. Yeah. And I, I mean look and now I think the thing is, oh, oh Joe, everybody's trying to get at least the first three years guaranteed. Yeah. But hey, I've seen him do it. They guaranteed they've guaranteed entire contracts. Kirk Cousins, ever since Kirk Cousins, his third year, he'd gotten franchise tag, which is guaranteed franchise tag, which is guaranteed his first three years in Minnesota was guaranteed his first three years in middle, last second three years in Minnesota was guaranteed.


Yeah. His three years in Atlanta, he is guaranteed. So he has operated with nine years of fully guaranteed contracts. Yeah. They fully guaranteed Deshaun Watson. So they can do it. Well, hold on. Wait, listen to what you're saying now look at the position. You're talking about quarterback, you talking about specific position, the quarterback, the one who actually has the ball in their hands most of the time. All the time. So I think them guaranteeing him, them money they see fit based on the position And I importance. Now what about other positions? Offensive linemen, the lineman, skill player, defensive backs, wide receivers, running backs. I think running backs would probably be the last on the league. Mm.


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Money. Unless you are special. Very You got special. I, I think the thing is ocho most teams value running backs. The most value running back has is first three, four years outta college. Yeah, man. Because guess how old he is? He's normally 21, 22. Yeah. 23, 24. Now if he's really good, I've given him somewhere between 200 and 300 carries. That's just in the NFL. Yeah. I'm excluding what he put on his body in college. College. And I'm excluding what he put on his body in high school. I'm assuming So Now you talking about somebody that's had what, somewhere between six and 800 Carries in college. Right? Another 1200 by the time he's 25, that's 1800 carries plus what he had in high school.


How many go crazy? He got in them legs. See that's how they look at it. Yeah. Always. But Derrick Henry. But, but You know, DD Henry, all those carries that he had in college high school. I mean he's an all time leading rusher in high school. D Henry had like a damn near a thousand carries in college and what he have now, probably another 2000. Yeah. So they look at running backs and said the greatest value you'll have is a running back is your first three to four years in, in college. In, in the NFL. Yeah. Because guess what, that's when you're at your youngest. That's when you have the pressure, the the most tread on your tires. Yeah. But I just like this, I'm glad Michael spoke up. I hope he sticks to his guns and don't let Jerry try to backdoor with something slick.


That's what da that's what you hired David mug. The fuck. And that's a small consolation to have to give up 3% to not run a file. And you like, damn, they they taking all my money. I spoke out conduct detrimental to the team. Yeah. Oh, I wasn't this, I wasn't that. Nah, nah, y'all ain't get none of this back. Yeah. So it's a, it's, it's a, it's a, it's a rough game. It's a, it is a tough game. But you really find out how owners feel about you when it comes to negotiations and dealing this as a player. You do not wanna be in that room when it's time to negotiate because you'll walk out pissed off. Yeah. Also, also this how you really feel after all I've done.


Yep. Now based on my production and what I'm gonna do in the foresee of the future, this is how you really feel about me. Sometimes players, I mean players, I mean ask agent, tell your agent tell you the truth on what they really say when it's time to negotiate. But you, but you'll be mad as hell. No, I don't wanna know. Let's, let's just keep it like down. I'm gonna pretend that they love everything about me. Chuck. And you tell you make sure you tell them I love everything about them, but deep down, but you And I both know, but here's the thing. If my question is why didn't you work directly with Dak Todd France is his agent. Why did you not try to circumvent Todd France? Right. You know, Dak, why didn't you try to circumvent, I don't know who Tony Romo's agent was, or see these's agent.


Why didn't you try to circumvent them? Because You know, CD don't play that. You have to understand. You understand It is all about knowing your personnel. Understand your personnel. Who's one of the most boisterous and boisterous cowboy players out there? Michael Dak. Don't play that. Yeah. CD don't play that. It's not in their character. Even play that game. I'm not playing that game with Well we already know how we, how Dak Dak has always Heisman posed him. So that's why he has some type of way because Dak has never allowed Jerry to get close to him like he does. Jerry has his faves. Yeah. And he always tried to get, to get close to him. He was very close with Tony Romo. He was very close with a lot of players that he worked hand in hand with him and that worked for him.


But Dak has never allowed him to get close. Dak has always been a, I'm the quarterback, I'm gonna do my job to the best of my ability, but I not gonna be Rick strictly business. It isn't this. And he's been the same since day one. Yes. And I don't have, I I I, I mean personally I don't have a problem with that. I think that's how it should be. Right? Because look, and because here's the thing, Dak knows deep down inside, Jerry wanted to put Tony Romo back in there, but he was the only one that wanted that. Jason, Gary didn't want that. Steven Jones didn't want that. So this, hold on. I don't want all these games. And you still wanna bring this man back and put him in there.


Huh? Interesting. Okay. No, I'm good. I'm good. Look I know, I know David mug. Met him a couple of times, talked to him. Good cat, smart cat brother has done a, done a great job. If I'm not mistaken, I think he got CJ Troub, he got a couple, he got a, he got a lot of big time player, athlete first. Athletes first is a big time company. A lot of brothers. And they do an outstanding job. You know, clutch Nicole land and that group, Rocky AAU and that group, his, his, his look, his firm, they do a great job.


I like that. I like when guys get people that they trust that they believe in. And that's what it comes down to. Because when you're dealing with this, it's all about trust Ocho. Yeah. That's it. A lot of people try to make about some color or whatever the case may be. That's fine. Ain't nothing do with it when it comes to this type of money. Unc, when it comes to this type of money and transactions, you need somebody in the corner you can trust because there are too many horror stories of people getting burned. Yeah. Too many horror stories.


Don. Yo, what's good? This is Jeff T from Club five 20 podcast here with my latest fresh take on 2025 NCAA Tournament brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. What a weekend easily. My two favorite games from the Elite eight were Duke beat Alabama, Florida B and Texas Tech. Duke beat Alabama with their defense being able to attack and transition and getting out on the open floor, finding Cooper Flag and all their talented players and Florida beating Texas Tech. What a win by them coming up big in the end. Now with my final four set, I like Florida beat Auburn because of the way they play. They got a closer in Clayton Junior And I got Duke playing Houston And I got Houston being my championship in the 2025 NCAA tournament. It should be a good game. Should be exciting weekend. I'm looking forward to it. We'll see if I'm right. But while you watching the games in the meantime, remember the freshest deal in fast food Gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. Again, head to Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes. That's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


Hi, this is Jovan your blinds.com design consultant. Oh Wow. A real person. Yep. I'm here to help with everything from selecting the perfect window treatments to too well. Mm. I've got a complicated project. No problem. We make the complex simple. I can even help schedule a professional measurement install. I Didn't realize you did that. We can also send you samples fast and free. Wow. I mean I always thought I needed a designer to come to my home, but scheduling's always a nightmare. Not with blinds.com. We're on your schedule and there's no haggling pressure or hidden fees either. Hmm. I just might have to do more. Whatever you need. How about you tell me what you had in mind. Okay then. So the first room we're looking at is for guests coming over And I'm thinking of something. Blinds.com is covered over 25 million windows all backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blinds.com now and get up to 40% off with minimum purchase rules and restrictions may apply.


Ok. It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll Have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay. We'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm Vibe and Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


The fact that nothing has changed with the percentage of players that are able to attain their money well within two years removed from the game is ridiculous. Is almost well into 90%. Yeah. That all comes down to the team and the people surrounding you before you get paid why you're being paid. And once you're done playing, you got to have agents or people you trust in your corner that are there for Yeah, right reasons, not just why you plan, not just because it's beneficial. Yeah, Yeah. Exactly. And you gotta have somebody that's going be there in your corner when you're done. Yeah. I've had the same, I I've had the same agent for 29 years. I've got Marvin dim off in, in 96 and he's been my agent ever since.


Yeah. And I don't do anything. I run it by him. 'cause he gonna be, he gonna shoot me straight. Yeah. Because at the end of the day he won't. I know this man wants what's best for me. You, yeah. David Mulet has Jordan Love, CJ s Strout, as we mentioned. We got, he got Jordan Ram, Jordan Ramsey, Deshaun Watson, that fully guaranteed 230 million. Yeah. He also has Jalen Ramsey. So he's done an unbelievable job protecting his clients, getting them The Ramsey was the highest paid at one point in time. Deshaun Watson had the most guaranteed money for a long, long time. Right. He was the highest paid. Justin Fields just got two years $40 million based on five starts.


What? Six starts last. Tcho Jordan Love is gonna get a a, a a. I think Jordan Love already got paid. CJ STR is about to get a boatload of money after this year. If he can he, if he could replicate what he did his rookie year. Yeah. He gonna Get it. He gonna get, he gonna get a big, he gonna get a a Hold on t Higgins with David Mulet too. No, he's Rock. He with Rock Rock. He and he and t were with Rock. Yeah. He just went rock because he was with David Mulet and see David mug, Aletta don't cut no deals. Oh no. He ain't play no game. David Mulet don't cut no deals. And that's, that's why and Cincinnati say if you wanna stay here, which at the end of the day, the agent's gonna do what you want him to do because he works at the behest of you.


Excuse me. That for second old Joe, he works at the behest of you. Yes, sir. David mug a letter. Like, bro, what we try to do and see this is what baseball players do. They're not gonna give you no deal OCHO because they're sitting in the market for the guy that comes behind them. Yeah. That's why Sohail, Tony got 700. Juan Soto says, I gotta go, I gotta go higher. I gotta, I gotta keep bumping up. Boom, boom, boom, boom. I gotta keep grinding. Right. Ain't no discounts. He wanted to stay in Cincinnati. He knew in order for him to stay right, he gonna have to take a discount. David mug letter understands that I'm actually trying to increase the market.


Right. Because I'm not, yes. I wanna do what's in the best interest of my client. Right. But I also want this market to keep rising. Right. So you think either for Dave was probably suggesting that he leave, huh? You think? Yes, absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. Because he knows, he knows he would've got more than a one year deal and he'd have got probably two to three years fully guaranteed. Right. Because understand, what about the other receivers? Because you gotta think about what about the other receivers? Because now other receivers come out, they're gonna be looking like, well, hold on. You just saw T Higgs what he got. He was free too. Yeah. And so they try to, they try to put you against each other because that's what you left. That's the chip. I don't know who the next big time receiver coming out, but I'm looking at, I'm looking at Chase.


Yeah, I'm looking at what Chase got. I'm not, look, I'm not looking at what, oh, well you see what T did or I don't care what T did. That's when TI saw what Chase got. Yeah. And I'm up And I want to get it. And it's probably gonna be Puka. I think it's gonna be Puka. Ocho either. Pka was a late round pick. He's going into a third year. They're gonna do something with him after this year. After this year. This early. Yeah. Look, If the Rams are smart, they'll do it. Hey listen, they'll do it this early. He won't get as much as Chase though. But here's the thing though, Ocho, he's going into his third year as a late round draft pick. He only got three years. Oh. They Only got three, three or four years. Three. Oh, Matter of fact, You know what they, You know they, they might do two What that the middle of the season.


If he having one hell of a season Yeah. And putting the numbers up and going crazy. They might catch him in the, in the middle of the season. No, I'm good. I don't do the middle of season. I like to stay focused. Yeah, yeah. I know what you mean. I know what you mean. You know what I'm saying? Don't you? I like to stay focused And you talking about money, I can't stay focused, don't you? I, You know what? They gonna let you focus. That's why they just talk to your agent. Unless they, they let the agent take care of all that. But if you balling out, which I'm, I'm assuming he's probably gonna do, I'm not sure how many catches or or production that Devonte Adams would probably take away from him. But man, they finna go bananas. And I hope, I hope they use Devonte Adams the right way. I hope they don't do what they did to goddamn Cooper Cup. Understanding how they worked them outta the offense and putting Pook naco in the positions that Cooper Cup used to be in.


Well, what happened was, you remember the first year pka got there. Cooper got hurt. Yeah. The second year he missed some time also. Yes, sir. So now they said, well, we got concerns about your durability. Ah, and availability. I hate that. You know, the best ability you have is availability. Availability. Yeah. Yeah. And you, that's what I tell they'll move out your, you, you've never been injured, but you saw, see you've been in locker rooms where guys have been injured and it's almost like that guy ain't even on the team. And one thing about it, think about the NFL in general, people in the chat think about the NFL in general and how great some of the players are or, or were just in the history of the game in general.


And you always think about it and everybody's replaceable. I I sometimes in life I hear people say, oh, I'm not replaceable. You'll never find nothing like me. Can you imagine? Yeah. It'll, there's always, that'll mean they won't, they won't try That don't mean they won't look, be looking. Hey Man, there's always something else out there. Always. And this is when it comes to receivers, they might not be as great as Jerry Rice. They might not be great as Randy Moss. They might not be great as Terrell Owens. But there's always someone out there that will be able to feel the production. Maybe not as much, but they get the job done. The team look, they gonna tolerate behavior until they can replace behavior.


Yeah, Absolutely. Bro. They traded Jerry, they trade, they cut Jerry Rice. They traded Joe Montana. Yeah. They cut Emmett Smith. Yeah. Hold on. Bruce Smith. Do I need to, do I need any of the greats? All all the greats, huh? All of 'em. Very few have been able to finish their career where they, where they want to. Very few have been able to do it. Larry Fitzgerald, They let Tom Brady walk very, I don't even say no more. They let Tom Brady walk. Yeah. That's it. That's it. Hey. That's the prime example of it. Nobody had been able to do what Larry Fierro was able to do. No. Having an illustrious career. Yeah. Great career in one place.


You know, it always be in good stance with management and ownership. Yeah. Never tell happen. Yeah. You see Dan Marino play at one place for 16, 16, 17 years. Yeah. John played at one place for 16 years. That doesn't happen. That doesn't happen often. You see they could have paid Manning. Hey, Manning. I I was just gonna say you, you took a right, you took a right out my mouth. Some of the greats. So that's what they, that's what they do. That's what they do. So Brian Sharp Heimer oddly dropped some inside information about Kyler Murray today. He says the former Cardinal's offensive line coach and new Dallas offensive C Ooc.


Clay Adams told him Kyler Murray never really wanted to run ocho. What do you make of this? I like it. I like it. I think for dual threat quarterbacks that as people that are scouts or in positions of power, they always view dual threat quarterbacks as running quarterbacks. I know Kyler Murray short, I know he's dynamic with his legs and extending plays and doing things off script. But I wanna be known as a first throw quarterback. And how do you do that? My extended plays by being able to go through the process of reading from one, two, and three or maybe four sometimes. And only running when you have to.


And I'm sure maybe that's a conversation he had with him, which is why he came out and said it. If that's something Kyle is working on and wanting to be a throw first quarterback, then so be it. Look what Lamar Jackson's been able to do. Look what Lamar look at. Look how he has come and gotten so much better at, You know what, I'm gonna be a throw of the ball first and I'm only gonna run the ball unless I have to. As opposed to looking at my first read, my first read out there, I've taken off with the ball. I think that for, for me, Ocho, what makes Kyler Murray scary is his legs. Yeah. Don't nobody fear Kyler Murray arms. I just don't. But You know what I, I like that you said that. But he can't throw the ball though.


Huh? He can. His anticipatory skills are very good. And then you got Marcus and Har Marcus and Haron Jr. You don't have to run the ball no more. Yeah, He does. Ocho you don't have to because here's the thing is that he's an undersized quarterback and what makes him dynamic in what makes him lethal is his legs. Legs. Yeah. So It's the same thing that RG three ran into RG three is like, I don't wanna run. If Daddy went in there and said I wanted to be Pate Manning, I wanted to be Tom Brady. Right. When he, when he was never that. Right. I mean, oh, Joey's like all of a sudden, oh Joe, you vegan. Hold on. What can, can you let me build up to it? Hell, I've been eating meat for 25 years and all of a sudden you tell me now I gotta cut out chicken, I gotta cut out fish, I gotta cut out seafood, I gotta cut out.


I gotta cut out all animal protein and go straight strictly plant-based. Can I get some time to build up to that? I'm not saying that eventually you can't build up to that. Right. But I'm saying to do this cold Turkey. Damn. No, it's a process. It's a process. Hey, listen, everything you just named right there, everything you just named is that. You have to exclude that from your diet if you become vegan. Yeah. Oh my God. Hey, I'm not trying to be funny and no disrespect to anybody that's in the chat that might be vegan or that might see this clip, but that sounds miserable. And you gotta stop eating haw too. That stop playing. There You go. Ain't gotta stop eating Haw it me ain't, I ain't got nothing to do with it Ain't meat.


I mean, it it, yeah, it depend on who it is. Yeah. No more booty either. No more run roast. You've been eating run roast for a long time. Done and done. That's done dead. DOA dead on the rival. And that's funny. I I don't, I don't see how people do it And I, I mean, no disrespect, I don't know how people, You know, choose to be vegan. I don't know how people choose to be tarian and I don't know how people choose to be. What else? What's the other one? What you mean pescatarian? I said Pe Pescatarian. That's what I said. Pescatarian. Okay. Yeah. That what, what's another one You got?


Vegetarian? Vegan. Vegetarian is like, sometimes you could eat, like maybe you eat fish or maybe eggs. Okay. Vegan is that It's all plant-based base. Excuse me. Hey, how do you live like that? Huh? I'm, I'm just saying in general, You know, I mean, say what? You gotta give no toe. You can't lick on no toes, no elbows. No, no. I just saying There's nobody in that chat or anyone that is vegan, vegetarian, or, or, or what's the, what's the last one? Vegetarian. Vegan. A pescatarian. Yeah. There's no way you can tell me you're actually happy with your choice in, in, in, in diet.


And you, you gotta be miserable. I just, I You can't, you're not, I It's impossible. The food is too good. It's too good. It it, it is. Yeah. Oh, your boy, you wouldn't last long, huh? And what And as a vegan, No, I wouldn't, I wouldn't even try. There's no point. There's no point. There's no point. I'm not sure what people are trying to do. Maybe I wanna be a little bit more healthy or whatever it is. You working on your diet. Maybe, maybe it's for, for health reasons, but I, I just can't do it. Eat, eat what you want to eat. You know, anything, whatever's gonna happen to you is gonna happen to you no matter what. No matter. No matter what you Yeah. You, you are right about that. Get that.


But I get, I, I, I think the thing is is that, You know, once Cali got injured and he looked at it, I got injured running the football, I didn't get injured in the pocket. I got into running the football. So maybe, maybe that played a role into it. Look, I don't think any quarterback wants to run. I wanna put some ball in somebody else hand. Hell, I wanna do as little work as possible. Right. But I think the thing that makes him so dynamic, the same thing that makes Lamar now Lamar doesn't run nearly, he, excuse me, Lamar runs as a last resort. Yes. Not as a first option. Right. And his game elevated. But if you see the process and the steps that it took for him to get to where he is now. Yeah. Now people saying run Lamar. Damn.


Yeah. Yeah. He said his, He said his mom told him, boy, boy, run the damn ball. Get your ass outta the pocket and run Guc. You do best. Yes. But I like, I like the fact that he's evolved and become a pack pocket passer first. Matter of fact, he go through his progression, go from one to three and come all the way back to one before he take Off. Yes. If he runs the ball, he's running as a line now. Hey, I would never play him two man, because the last thing I want him to do is everybody Turn back. No man, please. I gotta have eyes on him. Yeah. Me personally, I gotta have eyes on him. If anything. Listen, you, you play two man and have a spy. Yeah, but who's that spy gonna be Xavier worthy?


You ain't Finn to catch him. Hey, That's funny. Yeah. I can only think of two linebackers. I can only think of two middle linebackers in the NFL that would be successful at spine Lamar Jackson based on their athletic ability and then being able to laterally Fred Warner. I'm not saying he's fast enough. I'm saying his ability to close the gap and be able to make tackles without, without getting shook. Franklin Franklin, Zaire Franklin. Zaire Franklin. No, hell No. Fred Warner stay with me now. And I, there's one more that's very small and athletic. He can move sideline and sideline. Golly. It was right on the tip of my tongue. Fred Warner, Zaire Franklin guy.


I I I just had it. I just had it. It was right there. He's small and underside, but boy, he can go Kai. He's gonna come to me, he's gonna come to me. Hey Man, Lamar, oh, Milano. Milano. That's what I'm Trying to think of, man. Milano from Buffalo. Yeah. Yeah. I'm trying to think about Milano before the injury. Yeah. Or talking About Sky on side line coming downhill mask. He better, he better be what you call him. He better be a have some bon leg because Lamar gonna make somebody tear some stuff. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Because the last thing You know, man, he gonna start and stop and I'm out. Yeah. But hey, Kyle never really wanted to run. Hey, I don't think most quarterbacks wanna run.


Nah, shit. Them Ls hurt them leagues hurt. So, and you're not, they're not used to taking licks Like, You know, flush shots. Right. Right. So that's the last thing that you wanna do. But glad he shared that with us. The current feeling is that neither the brown nor the giants will select the quarterback at two and three per Adam, Adam sch. Is this a mistake? Okay, let me go through the, the, the draft par draft selection. Tennessee picks one. Cleveland picks two giants. Pick three Patriots, pick four Jags, pick five Raiders, pick six jets. Seven Carolina, eight Saints, nine Bears 10.


So check this out. Ocho Yeah. The Bears don't need a quarterback. Carolina doesn't need a quarterback. Jacksonville doesn't need a quarterback. New England doesn't need a quarterback. So that's four of the top 10. Tennessee needs a quarterback. Cleveland needs a quarterback. Jazz need a quarterback. Raiders need a quarterback. And the Saints particularly maybe the Saints. So if Tennessee seems like Tennessee's gonna take a quarterback right now, if the, if what Shep Shep is saying is true, Cleveland's gonna probably take Abdul Carter or, or, or or Travis Hunter. Whoever doesn't take the one, the other team's going to take the other Yeah, that's what I feel.


Ocho Now I could be wrong, but that's what I feel now. I, I don't know. Now you get New England not taking a quarterback. They just drafted Drake May last year. Right. Jacksonville not taking a quarterback. 'cause they got a lot of money tied up here. Trevor Lawrence, the next time a quarterback. Vegas jets. Wait, Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Whoa. Remember Gino, Gino just signed the three year deal in, in, in. Oh, You're right. You're right. Nope. So they're not going there. So basically the Jets or New Orleans, I mean the Jet. Okay, well well listen, this, this is approved. This is a prove it. Season two for Justin Fields. Yeah. There's only a two year deal. Huh? It's only a two year deal. Yeah. Only, only a two year deal. But he can, he can play lights out this year and they can extend him.


He can play lights out this year, out this world. So listen, everything is in his hands. I'm, I'm hoping, I'm hoping, I'm hoping, I'm praying 'cause he deserves everything he's been through. If anybody deserves that bag ain Justin Fields. Yeah. You gotta prove it. But I, I think, I think that's all smoke and mirrors Could possibly be. I think That, I think that's all smoke mirrors now. You know? Good god damn. Well you need a quarterback. The Giants, you need a quarterback. You haven't had any success since I, Eli Manning left Cleveland Browns. We Yeah, I'm saying we, I'm only saying we, because I love my Browns fans. We we Y'all ain't had a quarterback since When's the last quarterback they had?


Who? The Browns? Yes. Oh the Browns. They had a good quarterback. I mean, Derrick Anderson had that one Good year. Yeah. Remember went to Pro Bowl. I remember that. You remember? Yeah. It was I think Derrick Anderson and Braly Edwards. Who? That was on fire. It was On fire. And, and and both of them. Yeah. They went, went to Pro Bowl that year. Yeah. Yeah. That So for me, I mean you gotta go back probably Coza, when they had got consistent play, that was way back then when they long, when they had the Brian cite the cardiac kids. And I think Briany wasn't the MVP but that's, that was way she, you, you probably was two or three when Briany was doing that. But they haven't, if you go back and look at it, nobody's had more quarterbacks than probably them.


The Brown, of course every, you ever seen the jerseys, but all the names, all the quarterbacks, they had to come here and that they have been, You know, successful. Yeah. So we, it is gonna be interesting to see. I'm anxious to see. I'm tired of speculate. 'cause that's the thing, Ocho, you get all these, I don't understand how somebody rides or fall and nobody's played a game in three months. Right. Listen, they nitpicking. They nitpicking on stuff that had nothing to do with the game of football. They done went back and talked to the elementary teacher. The elementary, they used to talk back in class and say, You know what, we can't draft him. Right. 20 years later we can't draft him. 'cause it's something you did in elementary school.


Oh you used to skip class. Yeah. That's a character issue. That's the flaw. Right Man, stop playing man.


Yo, what's good? This is Jeff T from Club five 20 podcast here with my latest fresh take on 2025 NCAA Tournament brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. What a weekend easily. My two favorite games from the Elite were Duke beat Alabama, Florida B and Texas Tech. Duke beat Alabama with their defense being able to attack and transition and getting out on the open floor, finding Cooper Flag and all their talented players and Florida B and Texas Tech. What a win by them coming up big in the end. Now with my final four is set, I like Florida B and Auburn because of the way they play, they got a closer in Clayton Jr. And I got Duke playing Houston And I got Houston being my championship in the 2025 NCAA tournament. It should be a good game. Should be exciting weekend. I'm looking forward to it. We'll see if I'm right. But while you watching the games in the meantime, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's Right Now you can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. Again, head to Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag Chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes. That's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


Hi, this is Debbie your blinds.com design consultant. Oh wow. A real person. Yep. I'm here to help you with everything from selecting the perfect window treatments to Well I've got a complicated project. No problem. We make the complex simple And I can even help schedule a professional measure and install. I didn't realize you did that. Yeah. We can also send you samples fast and free. Wow. I mean I always thought I needed a designer to come to my home, but scheduling's always a nightmare. Not With blinds.com. We're on your schedule and there's no haggling, no pressure, no hidden fees either. Hmm. I just might have to do more. Oh, okay. Whatever you need. How about you tell me what you had in mind. Okay then. So the first room we're looking at is for guests coming Over. blind.com is covered over 25 million windows all backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop lines.com now and get up to 40% off with minimum purchase rules and restrictions may apply.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine HL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the right, we're officially line mates. Nate, we were the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay. We'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do, provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Isaiah, You, me, welcome to the show, the Run the outstanding wide receiver. He started his career at Alabama. He finishes his career at Texas he goes by the name nicknamed oh oh seven Isaiah Bone. Yes sir. Yes, bone. Thank you for having me. Thanks for coming off. What's up? What's going on? You good? Yes sir. I'm doing amazing. How about yourself? Yes Sir. Come on man. It's me man. Don't do, don't do me like that, man. I'm, I'm not old man. Wait, where you at? Where you at right now? Oh, right now I'm in Dallas. Okay. Lemme ask you this, you started your career at Alabama, you have some success at Alabama. Why did you feel like going, was sarc to the University of Texas was the best move for Isaiah Bond?


Well, with Nick Saban departure from the school, I felt like it was a great business move for my career to head to another school. I mean, the first day I was down there, I'm in Austin. I mean, I loved everything about it. I actually committed my first night there. SAR kind of, we kind of just carried our relationship over from high school. So it all just felt organic. It felt like it was love and like it was the best decision. Had Coach Saban not left Alabama, would you have stayed or you was looking for a change of scenery regardless? Nick Saban would've stayed. I would've stayed too. Okay. For sure. We got the draft, we got the draft coming up. We had a hell of a year in college.


You ran official 4 3 9 in the NFL combine. Were you happy with that time? Based on some of the things you said previously, were you happy with the time And you think you could have ran faster? I'm always on the manifest greatness for sure. Yes sir. That's the type of, the type of guy I am And I, how I hold myself. Yeah. I mean for sure. I definitely wasn't happy. I mean there's always room for improvement. Oh, absolutely. Always, ever perfect. But like I said, that gives me, that gives me motivation to get back to work, get back to lab and just get 1% better. Man. For sure. I think I could have ran faster. I ran a little faster pro day. Right. I like what you just said. It gave me time to work and get back in the lab. Before you even get to, before you even go into the draft, before you even get to the NFL, what do you think the things you need to work on in your game to kind of hone your craft and be one of the best at the position in what you do?


I believe myself to the fullest to full capabilities. I think my talents, I mean, I put a lot, I'm a very hard worker. Even workouts sometimes three times a day. So I just trust my, my skill sets. And I always tell myself if I can get 1% better every single day, I'm definitely gonna be in great hands. Yeah. You mentioned that you wanted to, you wanted to a break. Xavier worthy, who was a former teammate of yours, you wanted to break his sport time. I'm reading here that you were a state high school sprint champ. Where'd you go where you were? Are you from Texas? No, sir, I'm from Atlanta, Georgia. I went to Beaufort High School. Oh, you went to Beaufort. Okay. Yes sir. And you won, you went, so what was your time in the hundred meters? I Ran ten four, my junior And I went three street.


200 And You, you you ten four. Yeah, ten four and a hundred. But you were a lot. But hold on. How, how much did you weigh? Were you a little smaller then you are now? Yeah, I was definitely a little smarter in high school. I think I came out like 1 65 ish. I was like mid one 60. Okay. And how Much you weigh now? Right now I'm like 180 8. I'm like, I'm like high one eighties. Oh man, you And you thought you was gonna run four, two something And 180 8, huh? You know, You know, speed, natural. It's genetic so it doesn't really matter. Weight you. Yeah. Yeah. Well, us fast folk. It don't matter. It, yeah, I ran, I ran four three, I was two 20. But you, but you do understand like there's a reason why track athletes, if you look at 'em, they're really small.


Yeah, Yeah. They're, they're really light. They're like one look at Noah live And you see Noah live like 1 58, 1 60 and He light And you that little. Yeah, Chris Cole, they tiny. He look all, he look all buffed up though. Don't let that, don't let that TV TV doing that. Your teammate Matt, Matt Golden ran 4 2 9. So you go to your pro day, you, were you looking to run something where you thought you could run sub four three at, at your own pro day? Yes sir. A hundred percent. I mean that was definitely the goal coming into the pro day to run a four two. But like I said, I'm happy with the, the low four three. I think any improvement is definitely good progress.


Definitely a step in our direction for sure. I wanna ask you this, Isaiah, hold on now, I'm, I'm reading here now. What's been going, been floating around, you've been given the selfish label by a few people. Some predicting you might slip in the draft. Where did that come from? I don't know where it came from, but I think, I mean I played under the goat Nick Saban. I think people knows how he carries himself and how he disciplines his athletes and with getting quality time as a freshman, even starting year two, You know, just, You know, that's not just giving to you for sure. Correct. So I think, I don't know where it's coming from, but that really goes to show this type of guy I am and how I carry myself to come in 17 years old to a program like that and just to carry myself with higher character, getting extra reps and really just proving myself.


Yeah, but you have heard that though too though, right? Yeah, that's, That's said they play games though. Okay. They, they play games, listen, they play games and turn it like that in hopes that he fall to them, right? Yeah. They think they slick. It's, it's all, it's all a game. But listen, you are a high character guy. You know, I did my homework on you. I watched you on the field, I, I watched you on the field so I know what you can do there. That's what all matters anyway. That's what it's all about. And that's all they actually do care about. What's the biggest piece of advice you received before you got into the draft so far this year? Because there's always someone that you, everybody could talk to you but normally goes in one ear and out the other. So the person that you value most based on what they have to say. What's the best piece of advice they give you so far? Before draft?


I would just, I could probably say definitely my mom. I can't even really say before the draft. But really just my whole life, my mom always just told me just to never quit. She says we always the bond family, we don't raise quitters. So I think kind of just taking that with me through my lifetime, it kind of incorporated with different situations. Definitely helps me. I like it. You guys played, you played Texas in the semifinals for the eventual, You know, and they ended up winning the, you played Ohio State And you lost to them, but that game was really nip, nip and tuck. Do you look back on that game? Have you thought or have you watched the re-watched the tape and say, man, we should have won that game.


If we do this, we make this play here, we make that play there. Because I thought you had some opportunities out there to really, to really put some, You know, put some fear in 'em. And I thought you could have taken the lead late in that ball game, but it just didn't bo the ball just didn't bounce your way. Yeah, for sure. I mean we had a very, very talented team this year. I mean, even coming in, coming from the team, I came from coming here. I mean I told the guys, I mean we have a very special team. You know, you a good football player, great football player. You can tell what other guys kind of carry those same characteristics that you carry. So I knew that we had a very great team And I mean, it goes back to the point. I mean for sure, I don't think we should have definitely lost that game, but that's life sometimes it don't always go your way for sure. It's definitely some Clifton at clips or plays that we probably could have ran better and stuff like that.


But like I said, that's in the past for sure. There's nothing I could really do to change it. But for sure I think we should have won that game. We've seen reports that had you visit set up due to Rams Buffalo. What, where have you gone on your, on your pre-draft? So where have you, have you gone to many teams? How many of you gone, how many free pre Jap visits have you taken thus far? I haven't taken any And I have seven set up. I got seven. Okay. Three 30 visits set up. They fly your first class. Go ahead O Joe. Hey, I got listen plan that plan receiver. Obviously I'm, I was always a student of the game. I'm sure you're a student of the game as well, especially based on the collegiate program that you've been a part of you very fast going to the next level.


Everybody's very fast. Now the other aspects of your game when it comes to playing the receiver position, are there any, are there any weaknesses that you wanna work on that can help you become more of a complete receiver now as much as you believe in yourself, as much as you believe you're good at what you do once you get to the next level, there's still going to be a learning curve against those that have already been doing it. Do You know what you need to work on as far as your craft and, and embedding your game? Yes sir. For sure. I mean, I think I need to definitely work on my blocking. It's not anything talent wise. Right, right, right, right. More like an effort thing for sure. I feel like I, I'm getting better in that area 'cause it's definitely part of the full, it's definitely part of the game, part of the, having the players in the game, the run game.


So I think I've definitely got into the weight room in the off season kind of to get a little bigger. But like I said it more effort just, just put more effort into this blocking game. You know, getting, getting to the right side. Make sure I'm on the, the right leverage side of the point. Two little things, little details. This is one an ano anonymous scouts said, but these are, this is his exact quote Isaiah. I'm not ad-libbing And I'm not adding And I'm not taking anything out. This is what he said. Prototypical what you would think of any wide receiver, just generic boilerplate, selfish, diva, wide receiver. What is your response? It sound like you sound like you great to me.


My response to that is, I mean this season I did suffer. I high ankle sprain grade three. And I mean when others told me to sit it down and shut it down, I chose to stay and fight with my teammates and win national championship. Hey. Oh, you just heard the comparison. You heard everything you just said? Yes, all the receivers. All the great ones. All the great ones. Yeah. Just like You gotta be a little selfish. You gotta be a little selfish. Yeah. And everybody, everybody got a little diva in them. I'm not even sure where the word came from, but all the great ones had that, that same ish in them, You know, in, in order to be great you just, you gotta be, you gotta be, man.


Don't pay none of that stuff. No mind man. Keep your head down. Keep doing what you're doing, boy, you gonna be all right. Nah, you gonna be, Hey listen, one thing about it, I don't care where you go in the draft, it ain't where you go. It's what you do once you get there. Yep. A hundred percent. That's it. Lemme ask, who are you proud of your game when you watch, when you study the wide receivers? And I'm sure you have a favorite And I don't know who that favorite is, but who do you shout in your game now? Ocho Ocho. Who I model my game after. That's a good one. I wouldn't really say I model my game after anybody. I know some receivers, I like to watch that. Yeah. Who, well who would you say, who would you say if I look at this receiver, I think my game most resemble, his Most resemble probably Jalen Waddle.


But I'll say I watch more Jerry Judy though, just because of the simple fact of, I mean I always had that, You know, elite, that speed. So I knew if I was able to transition my weight in between routes, that I'll be definitely very tough to guard. I like that. I agree. I get with that. Lemme ask you this, give me your my Rushmore, you a receiver, you studied receiver, you played the receiver position. Give me your four greatest receivers in the history of the NFL Ocho Greatest Receivers. Number one is definitely Ty Hill. I go Tyra Hill, O Beckham Jr. They're definitely up there in my top two. I'd probably say three.


I'll go. I go Mike Evans, this is the longevity Consistency. That's A good one. And before I go, I go ocho, I go Ocho I put you up there. Hey listen, the great listen, the greatest rock run of all time. Yep. I I don't blame you. You can't go wrong. So anybody wanna argue the fact all they gotta do is turn the tape on, Here we go talk about it. What we talk about the greatest feed ever. Yeah. What DBS are you most looking forward to facing? I'm, I'm looking forward to facing all the top dbs And I mean, I've been facing top talent my whole life. That's the reason I went to Beaufort. That's the reason I went to Alabama. That's the reason I went to Texas. I'm just a competitive guy And I just always just love going against the best.


I feel like that betters me And I just love this going the right direction. I think anyone that, because I could have chose, You know, not the maybe go to place where they say you're gonna start. But I like, I like the challenge. I like the the progress it gets to getting to the top. Well Isaiah, thank you for joining us. Good luck in the upcoming draft. Like OCHO say, it's not, it's not where, where you go, it's what you do is not high, high. The right destination is more important than getting drafted high. Go to someplace that's gonna put you in a situation where you can succeed. Yeah. But once you get there, it's all on you. There's no excuse whether this guy don't like me. It ain't about like they wanna win. Yeah. And if you could help them win, they like you.


If you can't, they don't. I I it's a lot like college. You went to a top tier program. Coach Saban loved the guys that could help him win. And the guys that couldn't, he ain't have a whole lot of use for, it's like that NFL but worse because they paying you lots of money to get the job done. So Yes sir. Good luck on your co congratulations on your college career. Good luck. Now it's not over. Once you get there, your journey just starts. A hundred percent. Now you wanted to get to this place, you're there now what are you gonna do once you arrive at this place? It's all on you. Best of luck. Congratulations. And we'll talk to you down the road. Yes sir. All right. My Tom, thank you for having me. Oh, don't get.


Thank you bro. McDonald's. Yep. There we go. Nah, stay away from that. Oh Joe, chief fans points out the NFL changes the rule the last two times, the buffalo bills lost. Buffalo did not win the overtime game. Hey, my homeboy got the ball first. They never saw the ball. Buffalo didn't get a first down. Now we see The rule game. Oh yeah. Is it, is it coincidental? You think? Is it coincidental? Too many coincidence is not a incident. Ah, I like that.


I like that. And now they be taking a step further. So now moving forward, they've adopted the college rules. Every team possesses the ball. Now they did take time. What, what is it? 10 minutes, I think 10 minutes on the clock I think. But that was the over all the old overtime rule. Right? Right. Or did they increase it since everybody's getting the ball? I'm not sure, But a lot of teams, because it used to be okay, overtime was sudden death first team get through there, you, you score, you kick a field goal, boom, you win the game. Yep. Then they say nah, if you kick a field goal, the other team get a chance to score a touchdown. Beat that score. Yeah. And so now it doesn't matter what happens, you could score a touchdown, but the other team will get an opportunity to possess the football.


Do you like that rule? Don't you? I love it. I think it's fair. I think it's fair. Instead of putting the onus on the defense, now we have no choice but to make a stop if they get the ball first and win the coin toss. Allow our team, allow our offense to get the ball as well. If you guys happen to get a field goal or get a touchdown, give us a chance. Give us a chance and put your defense out there and force them to make a stop. Just like we had to make a stop, but we couldn't do it. I think, I think it, it, even as the playing field makes the game fair as opposed to most of the time with a team like Kansas City winning the corn toss and overtime, if they win to corn toss, man listen, nine times outta 10 they gonna get some points. It's gonna be, if it ain't seven, it's gonna be three. So you like, you like the rule both teams love because in the football I like it.


I like both teams get an opportunity on I like It. So, but my, my question is Yeah, okay. Yeah. So because in college you score. Yeah. Now you placed the ball on the 25 NFL you score, you're gonna have to kick it off because hey, somebody might run the kickoff back. I'm back. Yeah. But see the thing, the thing is ocho is that the rule, especially if I would always defer because that way it gives me an opportunity to know. 'cause fourth down I'm lying. Yeah. You see what happened with the 49 ERs? I don't know why they took the ball first because they, I think they were under the, they scored. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. They wanted to put the pressure, they wanna put the pressure on the chiefs.


Yeah. You put the pressure on the team by score the field goal and that they know what they gotta do. They gonna keep going for on fourth down. Right, right, right. They getting an extra down every time. Yeah. No, I, I wanna, I wanna know what I need to, I wanna know what I need in order to, to beat you because I know, hey, okay, I get a field goal, boom, boom, boom. I know I'm cool, I'm cool. Right. But listen, I like, I like the thought process. Shannon Han especially in a situations like that, And you think about Super Bowl, it's a pressure situation. You know, how can we put the chiefs back against the wall? You know what, we gonna take the ball first. We're score three. Exactly. We're not scoring three. I'm gonna hope, I'm going to hope that bro Purdy and those boys can go down there and get a seven.


If you can get a seven. It puts all When the game would've been over. Huh? The game would've been over. Oh, that's right. I'm tripping. I'm tripping. Yeah, you right. I'm, I'm, I'm thinking About, Yeah, they changed, they changed the rule this year now is that both team will get an opportunity to possess it like the old college did. And so now both teams score. If there's time. I think in this situation, Ocho I honestly think they're probably gonna be more ties. Whoa, whoa, ties. Nah. Yeah, Because it's not, it's, it's not like a playoff game. Ocho if, if you're tired of overtime you keep going. Right. If you tired after the overtime it's over.


Well, it depends on how many overtimes we talking about. Are We just doing it don't matter. You don't give a one 1%. Oh, that's okay. I don't like that. Now that's, that, that's boring Now that I don't like In the playoffs, You know, somebody got a global cup, somebody gotta advance. Right. But but in the regular season, it's not like that. Okay. So You know, that's how, that's basically, that's basically like soccer in the regular season. Yeah. Game in one one, that's it. Unless it's some type of championship or tournament where someone has to advance to the next round. Yeah. Okay. I I I don't like that. Not I don't like you don't like No, no. I'm thinking, I'm thinking. No, you want somebody, you want somebody to play it until they win. Exactly. And we don't need no draws. We don't need no draws. We have To win. You want, you want somebody bad, you want the join to be out there. Now what if they gotta play on Thursday night and they go three overtime?


See? Oh, okay. That's right. But also think about, think about the gambling. Think about the gambling. Yeah. Now you add that, Now you add the dynamic and aspect of, You know what, if you, if you get the draw right, or two teams draw, You know You'll lose because Yeah. If, if, if, well you either lose or you'll push because here's the thing, normally times the spread is always a half. Yeah. So because You know your team can't score two and a half, they can't get three and a half. Right. See that messes everything up from a gambling. It It, it does. Mm. So people, Vegas is not too happy about this, but hey, but it's gonna be, it's, it's gonna be interesting. I'm interesting to see, hey Buffalo, y'all gotta be on the right side of history.


Hey, and I'm gonna tell y'all had a lead with 13. Listen Ocho, you deserve to lose. Yeah. If you have a lead with 13 seconds Yeah. And you allow a team to get in field goal range, you deserve to lose. Yeah. You earned that loss. That did, why would you, why would you leave the open side of the field open like that Ocho and not you got to press somebody And you see Travis Kel and, and and my homeboy talking. He like, oh, hold on. Ain't nobody wanna cover up Trav. So y'all just go give a free run This lady off the ball just Scott free. All he does is belly. He puts it on him and now he runs now and he gets down book call time out in Buckner.


Bye-bye. Yeah. But that's exactly what all happened. Now you get the overtime, you don't get the, now you've already let them get a rhythm mocho. Yeah, because remember they just went and got field goal range in 13 seconds. You lose the coin, Charles. They're in a rhythm. Yeah. And you see my homework go pathetic, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, Right down the field And it's over. So I, I, You know, a part of me does like it because You know, both teams get to possess the ball, but damn defense, You know, they're playing the defensive guy, You know, miles Gary making 40 million. They got a DP making 30 million.


Damn. Stop 'em. I ain't saying you gotta keep 'em outta the end zone, but just keep 'em to a field goal. Yeah, you bend but don't break. Right. So that's the, the, the chiefs fans, this is what the chiefs are saying, but damn, every time Buffalo, they want Buffalo get to the Super Bowl so bad. They change the rules to help them. Yeah. And guess what we, they gonna find another way to lose. You can't keep running the same play. Yeah, they would. Me personally, Ocho and I've seen it. I don't think he got it. I don't think he got the first down. Oh Wait. Oh we know he didn't get the first down. They done showed every different camera angle. The fact he would've got the first down obviously if he wasn't in that scrum and he could have reached the ball out.


Yes. But he understood the ball. Reach the ball out. They knock it out. You don't get the same protection as the goal line because the field of play is not the goal line. You can't do this like, oh, I reached it over the first down marker. Somebody knock it out your hand and then they whoop gone. And That's the only reason he didn't get the first down because he had to keep the ball Against his body. Protected his Body. Yep. The Volume


Protect your end zone with the best clean pants down, dude, wipes come in a variety of senses and sensation like mint chill and shea butter to keep your backside protected with a hundred percent plant-based natural fibers. Don't fumble the ball with tp wetter just cleans better. Stop being a a-hole to your B hole and make the trade of the season with switch to dude wipes, the MVP of Clean available at Amazon and major retailers nationwide. Dude wipes that's clean pants down.


Wendy's is the official hamburger or March manager, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. It's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grill burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with the fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo. And the hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese, ketchup, Meer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an end app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for business comes in. With convenient digital tools, helpful resources, and personalized guidance, we can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more at chase.com/business Chase for business, make more of what's yours. The Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan, Chas and Company.


Hey, Janice Torres here and I'm Austin Hankin. We're the host of Mind The Business Small Business Success Stories produced by Ruby Studio and Intuit QuickBooks. Catch up on Seasons one and two and join us for a brand new season of the podcast as we talk to small business owners about how they manage and grow their businesses. With the help of platforms like Intuit, QuickBooks, Listen to Mind the Business, small Business Success stories on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.