
Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Wendy's is the official hamburger or marsh manager, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grill burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with the fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato, and mayo, and the hot and juicy double stack with two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Mercer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, or a $1 double stack and an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


Every sandwich has bread. Every burger has a bun. But these warm, golden, smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best, the filet fish. And you, you can have them too. And you can have it all at two for $6. Like a Philo Fish, big Mac tenent piece, McNuggets or large fries, limited time only price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to edition The Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to DraftKings Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New draft King customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the rack with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well, would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store doing tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


The Spurs prank rookie step on Castle this week by taking the wheels off his car. Look at this ocho. That's a Benz He look like. Yeah, man. He got the man thing. They they ain't, they ain't even put no blocks up underneath it. Nope. Oh that. Oh, that hurt. That hurt. Hey, listen, as, as a rookie that that's expected, You know, you gonna get some type Too far or just far enough, Joe, That's good. That's light. That's light. That's real light. That's real light. Just taking the wheels off the car, obviously they, they they going, they going get 'em put back on being an NA being an NBA player. What was that? A what?


A Toyota Sora. I didn't even know they made those. They came back. They still make those. Yeah, the toast super are Dope. Yeah, they but when I was, when I was coming up, that was, that was, yeah, Little Sports car. That was that night. Put your little exhaust on that thing. Had that thing hug. They, you, they call you a little fast and furious. That's not that bad. That's not that bad. Did y'all prank y'all rookie? No. I, I was prank my rookie. I think, I think I might've told you where I, I made a mistake and left my windows down the night they decided to prank and they used a firefighting extinguisher. They was, I was pulled to wake up fire extinguisher with the, my whole car all white.


But them not knowing it was nighttime when they did it. Obviously when everybody was asleep, my windows was cracked on both sides. So the entirety of my car was all white on the inside. And I had my Lexus I 300 and if anyone that drives a Lexus or had a Lexus understands that the seats were what? Swayed or something like that. I forgot the material. So everything was ruined. I, I I didn't get mad. I, I didn't get upset because I understood this is what comes with it. And I was just so happy to be in the NFL at that point as a rookie man. I wasn't even tripping. Took it to the detail I had allow the detailers, I'll never forget we was in training camp all the way in Georgetown, Kentucky. Took to the detail.


Listen, if y'all can get it out, fine. If you can't, I ain't tripping. I made it. I'm here, I'm in the league. I They got it out, Eh, eh, to to the best way they could. Yeah. Best way they could. I, I never forget. I wasn't even upset though. It was funny. It was to me. Yeah, we, I mean, You know, obviously you gotta prank the rookies always. That's a rite of passage. So yeah, we probably steal your car. Do a let the fire extinguisher. I mean, what we would do, we would pull rubbing alcohol up under the door and then set it on fire. Whoa. What? Wait, what? Yeah, you won't come.


Oh, you won't come out. You know what I'm saying? You won. You know you won. Come out. Okay, we'll smoke y out or, or we'll take the knock the pee hole, You know you got a pee hole. 'cause it was a collar dorm. We would knock the pee hole out and let the fire extinguish sharp up in there. Don't come out. We get you to come. I don't know. Then we go dash the dump the water on you. Can you Come out? That's a good one. We put toothpaste. So we put toothpaste. We take toothpaste and put it on your door handle. So You know, whole, you coming out for training camp, you just turn around and grab your door handle. All you hear is, ain't nobody did this mahar. He make me sick, bro. I been my room. Ain't nobody did it. Mahar, ain't nobody did it. Mahar sharp man. You play your bro.


Or we go into the, we go into the dining hall ocho, we take all the salt and pepper and we put it on. So you pour some salt, all the salt go into your meal. Hey, now that would piss me off. Don't, don't, don't pay them the pool. Now You playing with ojo. That's your fool. You, I didn't, I'm just saying, listen, the car, the wheels, that that's fine. But not my food, not my meal. I gotta eat. Especially when you're hungry, especially in camp, You know, when you, when it is time to go eat. Oh boy, you hungry. You hear me? You hungry. Now. Don't, don't do my meal like that, that, that, that, that would, that would hurt.


Oh, that's fine. Good. I mean, I Like the alcohol. Used to take the car. I mean, I took a dude, I took a dude truck. He had an explorer, drove it, drove it like a mile away, left it running lights on, doors open, beginning to practice. So it was like five minutes. So he ain't got enough time to go get it. Right. He just watch out there for two hours. He just watch it and them lights getting di and dimmer. Yeah. That battery Down di and dimmer di and Dema. That's, I ain't do it. I'm just saying I know who did do it. I'm just saying I, like I said, I don't know if the statute of limitations is up on such a crime, but I'm just saying I know people that would do such a thing like that.


Not that I did it because I was probably like, bro, ain't nobody did it. But Sean, I'm be like, bro, how did I do it? And I'm right here with you. It is. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I I just want y'all to know Chad, I had no part of that. Now did I see something? Yeah, But you ain't those you ain't Snitch. Yeah. Yeah. But I don't at work for Arapahoe Police Department, so it's not my job and I'm not Detective Mullens oh 4 48. It ain't my job to investigate it. Yeah. So with that being said, I don't understand it. I understand, I understand. Bill Belichick is telling UNC staff to copy his 24-year-old girlfriend, Jordan Hudson in every message intended for him from Coach Belichick Monday, December 16th, 2024, 11:00 PM to blah, blah, blah.


You see what it is. Robbie, thank you for the email. I'm including Jordan on this email so she can keep up with our postings. Can you include her on anything you send me? Thank you. BB That's not the bad thing is I did, lemme ask you a question. Would somebody send stuff from you? Did you include on everything that was sent to you, did you in include? I'm just asking yes or no. Why you shaking your thumb like you back with dumb about I I ain't, I ain't, I wasn't trying to hear that. You know what I'm talking about. Okay, You, well, you asking me that a good or bad thing? I'm asking you On, on certain things, on certain things that He say, hold on, let me go back.


Lemme go back. You back. Can you include her on anything you send me? I'm gonna pose this again to one Ochocinco. Okay. At any point in time did you request that everything that was sent to you was copied to your girlfriend or significant other is a simple yes or simple no Work. Work related. Work related. Yes. I, Hello. You ain't, you ain't him. Lemme read this again. Thank all the he said thank No, no, no. I, I, I heard. Thank you for the email. I'm including Jordan on this email so she can keep up with our posting. Oh, posting. Can you include No, no, for me, I, I'm listen, based on the question, to keep things for thin context, anything work related, the small team that I do have, that individual is included to make sure I stay on top of my stuff because sometimes I forget certain things.


You know, the, the scheduling, what time my flight is, my boarding pass, just small stuff. So I stay on top of it. And that individual keeps me ahead of schedule. That's all but everything. No, yeah, absolutely not. It said that Bill Belichick asked his UNC staff to copy his girlfriend on every email they send to him. I I I have a question with as much as Bill has to worry about the, would you think that's a good thing in, in general? So he could focus on the football side of things and anything outside of that she can help and kind of kind of keep him abreast on the what's going on?


That's their relationship to each his own. I, I, I don't know. Right. For the most part. Yeah. I, I, I can see it Ocho I do see it because a lot of stuff that Shelly gets copied on because Shelly is the one that has my, has my bingo. There you go. Same. So the problem that we was running into, okay, I've gotta do something for ESPN. I might have something scheduled for Nightcap, but then it overlap Club Shaha. And so now with, so now everything, we got a copy, okay, blah, blah, blah. We got a potential sit down on Club Sheha on this date.


Shelly, this is not gonna work. Shannon has this already scheduled on this date. Can we move it back a day or move it up a day? So I I get it, I get it. I I, I, I do get it. At first I was like, damn, everything. But yeah, for the most part, Shelly is looped in. She looped in on every, everything, because he said copy her on everything. She, She looped in. Shelly's looped in on the most important stuff. Yeah. Yeah. But Bill is doing Well, Here's the thing, lifting. Here's the thing. How about this Ocho? Shelly is the email. You can't email me. So it's gotta be, it's gotta go to Shelly.


How about this Ocho? I'm looped in. Yeah, that's A good one. Oh, but this is Ocho The difference is like a lot of people that have executive assistants, you loop them in, blah, blah, blah. She not his assistant. There's a difference between the two. I don't think, I think Coach Belichick has an assistant. I don't think it's her. He has a girlfriend. It's this young lady, Jordan. Yeah. Too different. At any point in time was No, no, there wasn't no emails going.


'cause when Shelly was getting the emails, she wasn't then forwarding 'em on to someone else. Say, well, take a look. No, no. You, You know What, so no, I, I, like I said, the assistant yes, girlfriend, unless girlfriend is bingo consistent. That's handling all that. You know what you just said. How do you eliminate one expense? How do you eliminate one expense? You make That expense. Carol, North Carolina Tar Heels are paying for. That's an expense. He doesn't need to because the target. I'm, I'm talking about me. We talking about me. Huh? We talking about me. Oh yeah. Talking about the men. Not only are the Mrs but you're also the assistant. You're the one giving me, listen, when you, when you, when you find a woman anyway in general that actually care about you.


Nope. She, she brings that structure and discipline that you need and keep you keep your ass in line anyway. Why not? Your girlfriend should be your assistant anyway. It make, it makes sense. It makes it, Yeah. But a lot of times ocho That it's part of the value that she adds to even being attached to you to be, to help. True. I Agree. But a lot of times, Ocho, there's like, I wanna stay in this lane. I wanna stay over here. Ocho you have somebody over there to do that, because I don't want to get the lines blurred.


I get it. I do. I get it. I do. I get it. But hey, when you're love ocho, we all been there now. Don't play. We been there. Hold on, hold on. Where, where you going with this? Now? Talk to me. I, we've been there where we tell the girl everything, every move, I'm going here, I'm going there. I'm meet, I'm meeting Chauncey, I'm meeting Doug, I'm going to hang with tj, I'm going to do this. I'm going to do X, Y, and Z. You tell everything. There was a time period. There might not be, it might've been a month, it might've been two months, it might've been six months.


It might've been a year. Hey, You know, You know, you do that. You do, you do at the beginning when thing, You know when things are going well. But You know, obviously sometimes Yeah, the individual loses those privileges. No, no. You know, I ain't trying to be funny. I'm, I'm just being honest with, You know, I know you're trying be Funny. Sometimes a person loses those privileges to know your every move. So I understand what you're saying, but in love, listen, love. There's a thin line between being in love and being stupid. And I never crossed that line over, over being stupid. Ever, ever.


But hey Coach Belichick of love, man, when you do love, they say love is like a cataract. It's blinding. That's Hey, hey. What they say? Ocho? I, I, I don't know. I ain't never had no cataracts. I know they do have LASIK surgery though. I know that.


This is Ashley. I from the Ben and Ashley, I almost same as podcast. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try Well with Future Health, you can find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. That is try fh.com. Try fh.com. Results may vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Database on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Mans are prescribed at providers discretion.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League, and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast. And it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the right. We're officially Linemates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, This is Mel Reed, LPG tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all my Miss America, by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf. They're superpower All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, go Hope isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want to keep up with us and here's Yap. Tune to our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


He is appearing in season four of Godfather of Harlem on M-G-M-G-M. He's been on How to Get Away With Murder, the Voting, the Beautiful Dear White people, Chicago Fire with Love and Madea Family Funeral. Funeral. Take us get now time to welcome Rome Fled Rome. What'd He do? Word? What's going on? How you doing, bro? What's up baby sha What's the word, man? Man, we good. We good. Tell us about the Godfather of Harlem. How did you come about getting that role? Yeah, You know, I auditioned for it. So I got the script and sort of the breakdown and I was like, Frank Lucas, You know, a young frank.


I was like, okay, let me do some research. Yeah. And I didn't think they actually were gonna rock with me for it. 'cause You know, a lot of times I don't get casted in those gritty roles like that. But, You know, our creator, Chris Brodo, he like, he just saw something in my tape and he was just like, you are, you were the guy right away. And I was like, okay. So, You know, we, we did it. I got to work with Forrest and filmed for about five months on that five and a half months. And it's, You know, we almost here comes out April, you saw Den you saw Denzel portrayal Yeah. Of Frank Lucas, an American gangster. Did you lean into that or you were trying to go a totally different way? Says, I gotta put my own spin on it. Yeah. I'm, I'm just, I I'm inspired by him regardless, You know, but I didn't draw any inspiration from his portrayal of, of Frank at all.


Because he plays him at, at a point in his life where he's already the man. Yeah. You know? Right. I play a young Frank who, who now touches down at Harlem in 1966 with nothing. Okay. We just back. Right, right. We get to kind of know the conception of like who Frank was in the beginning and, and we take him on a little journey to ultimately who he does become, You know, this version of of Frank Lucas that, You know, Denzel played in the, in the movie that's live. Hey, well, when it comes to acting right, obviously we all, we all pull motivation from, from, from people that we see and we want to the type of greatness they have. Who are some actors that you watch that made you realize, You know what, I can actually do this early on.


You know, one of my favorites was Will Smith and, You know, will was that guy? 'cause he was, he was able to have just this comedic time about him and, You know, with Fresh Prince and, but he has so many like, heavy scenes in that, in that series. Also, more notable, probably you, you probably know if you've seen it, is like, You know, where his dad leaves Oh. You know, was clap hugging, crying. Yeah. So that, that scene always stuck out to me because for whatever reason, when I was younger, I, I never thought about acting or anything, You know, until I became an adult. But when I thought about like Will's career, I was like, man, this guy can do everything. He's kinda like a Swiss Army knife, You know? So like, if, if I'm lucky enough to have a career with that kind of longevity, with the amazing stories that he's been able to tell, then, You know, I've done a done an amazing job for real.


When it, when it comes to also acting, I mean, I really never put my foot into it. I've just sm done small cameos. Do you think having range, being able to play multiple roles plays a part in having longevity as an actor And you can do much more as opposed to just being always doing the same type, being cast as the same different role in movies? I, I don't think, I don't think so. I think if you're good at what you do, there'll always be a lane for you. Okay. You know, it's always good to kind of reinvent yourself. I, You know, two chance, one of my homies, he, he always told me this, like, you have to look at yourself as a business, so you have to reinvent yourself every couple of years. And it, same thing with acting like we, we have a certain itch.


I think most actors that I know has this itch they wanna scratch. And, and that's just the journey of getting opportunities to play different characters. You know, whether it's comedic or it's drama or whatever. But some guys just figure it out like, yo, this is my lane. I'm gonna stick to it. You know, the rock, the rock, he's, he's great at what he does. You know, he's one, he was once one of the most paid, You know, actors in Hollywood. And it wasn't like he was out there doing Shakespeare. You know what I mean? He was doing his thing and he did it well. Right. If you call out your niche and, And you great at it, then, You know, I think it's just about building on that. And then when you, when you're ready, you get opportunity, then you, you try to try to stretch a little more and do different stuff.


Rome, you won the celebrity All Star game. MVP were you good in sports when you were growing up? Did you wanna be a sport? Have you played sports? What sport did you play? And did you wanna be a professional athlete? I never had dreams of playing professionally. I always knew how handicapped I was at height wise, You know, You know. But I, I played football in high school and I played basketball and I didn't get good at basketball until I was like a senior in high school. Okay. I never got the glory, You know, I wasn't the guy who was, who was starting every game. I was at end of the bench a lot times. So, You know what I mean? I had to work my way and, and, and now I'm a bucket. I'm like that now. You know what I'm saying? Oh, you a bucket. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Say I like that.


Yeah. Yeah. No, it was dope playing, doing what the NBA thing was, was a dream come true. We need to hook, we need to get you with Gilly because Gilly say hill bucket. He say they call him Damon Giler. So I, I, You know, I, I saw that. You know, I like, okay. I I like you. I like you. He can't, he can't guard me though. He Gilly Gilly. I like that Gil. You see that? I like that You see Gilly, Gilly. I just want you to know, did you hear what Rome said? I like that. You can't see him on that court. That's what he, he just saying. Wasn't on the wood. Good on wood. Good. Put a little price to it. Huh?


Hey, put a little price. Yeah. Get what you're trying to do. Put on thousand, 50,000. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. We gonna make that happen. Okay. We need That. The man say money on the wood is good. I like it. I like it. Money outta sight. Cause a fight. That's what I'm talking about. That's what I'm talking about. Wrong. That's what I'm talking about. Gilly. What you trying to do? Hey, Rome. Hey Tommy, you gotta play. You know the Allstar game is in LA next year. Oh. So Oh it is? Yeah. Clippers. Clippers That right into it. Wow. Wow. I question. I'll be there. I'm gonna be there. You know, I gotta Go ahead. Go ahead. Ocho Ocho. Well, is there a dream role or character you wanna play?


Like I, I have a dream role. Hey, listen, I'm not into act. Listen, I love acting. I love the craft itself. I love arts. Yeah. Drama, theater, all that. Obviously I was, I was a drama major. Matter of fact, speaking of, I'm going to see Denzel, I'm in New York right now. I'm gonna see white yo, I'm gonna see Othello Saturday. But I've always wanted to act beside Daniel Day Lewis. I would never get the opportunity. I'm just saying a dream. I mean, it's, it's, it's so far, it's, it's stretch out the imagination. It would never happen. But just, I love day of day Lewis. I love everything he's ever done. If you had a, well, he retired. He retired for a Little. Yeah, he retired. He ain't really doing nothing no more. Yeah. He, He got one film he has coming out, his son is directing it.


So, You know, he kind of came outta retirement to do that Green roll character that you wanna play Superhero Man for real superhero. Yeah. Yeah. But I, I wanna represent like, man, just like a, a reimagined version of like what a superhero is. You know? And there's a lot of stuff floating around, but I've always wanted to be able to do a, do a film or like a series where I, I, You know, I actually, I, You know, in raising Dionne I had power. Right, right. So I was kind of like a superhero in that. But I'm thinking more globally. I'm thinking more Marvel. I'm thinking more DC I need, I need one of them kind of boy kind of gig boy, You know, work, working towards, You know, I'm in that gym. I'm in there lifting like Shea sharp, man.


What, lemme ask you this. You say you wanna play like a superhero. Who's your favorite superhero? I mean, Batman was always that guy for me. He ain't got no powers wrong. I know he got that power, but he just had, he can't fly. He can't see, he can't, You know, he got that belt. Take that belt off. He get his ass. Will he Got he smart now? He, he smart, You know. No, he was always my favorite growing up though. Superman. You know, it made me eventually okay, ready for a black Superman. I'm ready to step in there, man. Right. I got us any, honestly, like, I always just felt like if I got the opportunity to play like a version of a Spider-Man would be dope.


You know what I mean? Right. You know, in the multiverse there's so many of them. Maybe I'm, maybe I can be one of them ones, You know, Man, You know, Hey, the guy that plays Spider-Man, they really, they tiny, tiny Toby McGuire. What's the, what's the dating Zenday now? What's his name? Tom Holland. Tom Holland? Yeah. Oh man. Them guys tiny bro. Yeah, They look man. Yeah, you must be gonna be a big ass Spiderman. But look though, and the multiverse, they all different. You know what? Okay. Like I might get a swung. I might, You know what I'm saying? I'm a little bigger. Like I have, I have one more. I'm, I'm nosy on, You know, I love, I love acting. So I got, I got nothing. I got, yeah, I'm, I'm just, I'm gonna name off five of my favorite actors.


Right. And I, I want you to name my five five yours. So my five is Denzel Edward Norton, Christoph Waltz. Yeah, James McAvoy. And probably last I go with Anthony Hopkins. Now just, just five of mine. That very rangey player. You know what, add Daniel Day Lewis to that as well. This. Who was your five? Be right off the top of your head. Well, I would say this, I love your list, but I would've probably added a woman or two in, oh, me, Meryl Stre, Meryl Streep, Meryl Streep, Claire Danes. I would add a little color in there too. I'd add a little color in There too. You put Viol in there. I I love Viola. What about Claire Danes? You think?


Yeah. Did you see Temple Grandin? Did you see Tim Grandin by any chance? I seen it. Wait, we, we'll talk about that later. Get a chance. Okay. Watch Claire Dane and Temple Grandin and you'll get an understanding why. One of my favorites. Oh, for sure. I obviously for me, You know, my top five kind of like all Yes. Score of backers. I try to, yeah, I try to like stay away from the cliches. Like obviously I'm a huge fan of Denzel. Like he's on everybody. Right. You know? Yes. Smith probably on everybody list. Yes sir. But Don QI think he, Yeah, I like Don Really underrated Samuel Jackson. I mean his, his resume is like impeccable. He's up there. He's one of the greats.


He one of the greats. If you actually look at the range and like the things Yeah, you do. Like, can you do, it's hard to do Snakes on a Plane. He did it. Seeing how hard that movie was. Probably for him to do Star Wars. Yeah. Yeah. I mean he's done everything Man. Time To Kill, I'm Kill, I think Hateful Eight. What's that one now? Paul? 50? Yeah. Hate, yeah. Pro fiction. Oh, What's that? That movie Spike Lee movie. Jungle. Jungle Bieber. You remember Lake? You know, ain't Problem, didn't laugh Dance. But You remember Lakeview Terrace? Oh yeah. What was in, oh yeah, yeah, Yeah.


When he, when he would, he would, he would just giving them neighbors. Hell he cutting down the trees and With The spotlights on Him. No, he needs some more. He need get his flowers. So he, I I think, Nah, they, they never, they never gave, they, I don't even know if he's ever been nominated for an Oscar. But if he didn't win it for Jango, he ain't winning it for some of the roles that he played a time to Kill Game Finn, he give it to him. Now. He was cooking though. He was cooking in that. Oh. He had a strength. But I, it seems to me that you like guys with Range. For me, I love Tom Hanks. Makes sense. Range out the Yin Yang. A guy that he's no longer with us, Robin Williams had incredible range. Very good. He was great. Yeah. The women, I love Viola Davis, obviously Redhead.


Hey, B Bland Cheddar. The Redhead lady name. Ron. What's the redhead on? What movie? What? Julie Julianne Moore. Julia Roberts. Julie Roberts? No, no, no. Julianne Moore. I ain't familiar. I'm thinking of like Amy Adams. I know. Yeah, I know Amy. Adam Ash, what's the, he won an Academy Award. Julianne Moore's gotta be her name. Oh, Julian Moore. Julianne Moore. Yes. The redhead. Yeah. Man, she won a couple Academy Awards. She's incredible. She is incredible. Well, You know, I got to work, I gotta work with Viola, obviously. For real. Two and a half. On, on, on how to get, oh, that.


So Hey, you get that E you, well if you won a ego, you got the, you ain't no, you got Range Emmy a Grammy or Oscar and a Tony. Hey, you can sing, you can dance, you can act. Yeah. Oh. Oh, that's Junior El, that's Lamb Hannibal, man. No, no, that's Jody Foster. No, Jody Foster was, She was in silence. Yeah. Wait, she's in one of 'em. There's a couple of 'em for show. She was, she was in a movie. Yeah, she's in Hannibal. Huh? She what? Yeah, that's, that's Clarice. Hannibal. She Clarice. Oh yeah, yeah.


In the rebook. Yeah. Okay. Because if I, if I'm not mistaken, I think Silence of the Lamb is after Hannibal. Hannibal was first, but they released Silence of the Lambs. Not, I just know that's Clarice Who work my man. How worked on, yeah. Oh no. Country old man. Oh, buddy. Buddy was, he didn't talk. Yeah, well he talked, but he, he was just like a man of few words in that. But yeah, dunes, when He talked it was too late. Yeah, it was too late. Yeah. Left the coin. He was Rome. You from Spring Rome, you're from Springfield, Illinois. So that means, are you a Bulls embarrassed fan Cubs, white Sox?


Or are you, or have you like, kinda like graduate moved on? 'cause no, y'all guy's been terrible for a while. Yeah, I was born, I was actually born in Chicago. I was, I was, I was, okay. Growing up in Chicago. Now I moved to Springfield and I actually went to the same high school as Andre Rugala, so. Oh, really? He's, he's much older than me though, but, and we, we never even met, which is crazy. But, but yeah. You know, Springfield is kind of a small town, but it, it's, it's oddly like a place where a lot of people come out of creatively for some reason. But I, I was a, I was a, a Bears fan, You know, when D Rose was the, was the man, You know, I, I got to see Mike. You mean Bulls fans? I mean Bulls fans. Yeah. You know, when, when D Rose was the man, You know, I always wanted to play D Roses, You know, they, he got hurt and then shortly after that, You know, it was just me and bro lock and Step.


Yes, me and bro, bro, You know, so that's it bro fan. Now, wherever he at, that's where I'm met. You know, That's what I'm talking about now. Springfield, the most famous alum from Springfield is Abraham Lincoln. Yeah. Facts. Yeah. So what was the, I mean, do people, I mean, what, what is it like, I mean, we talk about obviously one of the great presidents, what he meant for American history, his place in American history. Did, did you understand what Abraham Lincoln was outside of being a president? Did you understand what it meant for that little small, you said it's a very small town in Illinois. Did you understand what he meant it at the time when you were growing up? Yeah, You know, they, they have like the statue, the statue of him that's like near the library in the town.


And so I would always ride my bike. I see. I used to always see it all the time, but it never crossed my mind what it meant or if it was important or anything. Right. But when you get older, then you look back And you like, wow, that's actually dope. You know that. Right. That's a part of our history there. What about your bears? Caleb Williams, they've done a great job. They've got them offensive line. They're gonna protect him now. They got weapons, You know, they drafted Roman Dunes, eight Rome. Do you don't hear very many Romes first name. There's Rome Duney. We got, we got Rome Flynn, you got DJ Moore. We don't know the situation. You got Cole committed the wide receiver. We don't know if they're gonna bring Keenan Allen back, but they should be better. What is your expectation for the Bears this season?


Well, I think, You know, Caleb showed that it with enough time, he can be accurate. He was one of the most ac accurate quarterbacks last season. So they shored up that O line. Obviously they got my guy from, from the Chiefs. I'm a Chiefs fan too. I just, I, I like, I'm more, yeah, yeah. I, I'm more of like a, a player guy. I like certain players in Here. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. But they showed up that old line. I think hopefully they get in the draft And you could find something. He is great when you can trade outside of the draft and, and be able to find something instead of like having to look in the draft, You know? But I think Caleb is gonna be a lot more comfortable, You know, obviously as a, he has a new head coach who, who is incredible, You know, for the Lions. And I just think, You know, he, he, he gonna be in a better place and he'll be able to be the best version of himself, especially if he has a little more time behind that o line.


You got any special projects coming up? Anything you wanna share? You talk, you wanna about Pro? Yeah, Yeah. Yes, for sure. I got, so I, I got a show called Cy Quest that's on Apple tv. Okay. That comes about March 26th. And You know, obviously Godfather of Harlem is April 13th. And, and also Ian Shannon, You know, I, I got, I'm, I'm a gift. Y'all a, a year subscription for MGM Plus for both of y'all. Make sure y'all help. Hey, so when, yeah, I like that. I like That. I don't mean to be greedy. I know you already offered me something, but also listen, if you got a chance and got a role for me, I'm always looking to diversify my portfolio. I, I got, I got my, my little foot in the door when it comes to little acting, I got my SAG card.


So man, let you, I let You know I'm very rangey, You know. Okay. The only Sag wrong, the only SAG he got is his pants are the nah, the only sag he got, Bro. Pro, listen to me. Listen, I can be Sife Shakespeare. Oh, I could, I I I could, I could be Frank Lucas or I could be Pablo Escobar. I can't even talk. There's so many different variable from what I can do in front of camera. I believe you. I like, I like Oto because whatever he feel ambitious about, he go do it. Thank even feel like it's not something he should be doing in there. I'm Thank you. I saw you No challenge. I like that about, see, I'm g I'm gonna be believing in me, man.


Thank you for, I believe He believe he just trying to keep you humble. You gotta respect Guy like that. Yo life, man. I Believe, I believe he got on, he got on that, he got on that, that bull for all of 1.2, 4, 3, 5 seconds. So I got one potato. I'm gonna tell you one, one more thing for before, before y'all get up outta here. Right? So, You know a lot, a lot being said, right? It could be in Denver, it could be at dinner, it can be in September, Nigga. That, That what I talking About, nigga. Y'all see what? It's five Oh Flynn, bro, thank you for, for joining our father.


Yep. Appreciate. Oh, I all the time, bro. Man. For sure. Appreciate y appreciate It. Check it out on the Godfather season for Godfather of Harlem on MGM plus Rome. Congratulations. Thanks for all the blessings that's coming your way, bro. Thank you for joining us on Nightcap tonight. We greatly appreciate it, continued success. We'll see you down the road, My man. Appreciate y'all. All right, Oke, look. Hey, that was, that was classic. That was a classic ending. The Volume


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars, need a smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust. The name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to Fame smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age, self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious, he was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink here along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.