
Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long, Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and 100 nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses. That's LEES a.com. And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a lease just for you


At Lowe's, our members get more. With the My Lowe's Rewards programs, you can shop member only deals for your home and business every week. Plus members earn points on eligible purchases. So what are you waiting for? Join for free today, Lowe's. We help you save loyalty programs, subject to terms and conditions. Details of lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change free standard shipping. Not available in Alaska and Hawaii. Exclusions and more terms apply.


Clorox and Diva. Smells like lavender, cleans like Clorox and feels like. Hmm. All right, that could go on for a while. Experience the long lasting freshness of Clorox Tiva now available in Clorox Tiva lavender cent bleach uses directed


The Volume.


Who's scoring big this NBA season? You are With all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New draft King customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. C dk nng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well, would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening tests. Currently, colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the US and it's on the rise in people under the age of 50. But when caught at early stages, colon cancer is survivable in 90% of the people. So screening and early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. And a great one of a kind way to feel more in control of your colon cancer screening is through the Cologuard test. A prescription based test with none of the prep that's required for a colonoscopy. The Cologuard test is the only FDA approved, non-invasive option that looks for both altered DNA and blood in your stool, which can indicate the presence of abnormal cells. This test offers convenience and ease of use and the kit is delivered right to your door. Once you complete the kit, it is returned to the lab and results are available within two weeks. Plus it's affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and if you do need a colonoscopy as a follow up, most insurance plans cover that as well. So if you're 45 or older and at average risk, ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with the Cologuard test. You can request a Cologuard prescription today at Cologuard dot com slash podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use the Cologuard test. If you've had adenomas have inflammatory bowel disease or certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopy in high risk patients. Cologuard test performs an adult age 45 to 49. It's estimated and based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positives and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


OCHO gives his list of best wide receiver duos at Chad Johnson. He got number one, chase Higgins, number two, AJ Brown, Devonte Smith, number three, Jetta and Addison number four, Evan and Godwin. Five Almond Ross, Saint Brown, Jay Mo number six, hill Waddle, number seven, Lu Lu. Atlanta Atlantas Drake, London, and Mooney and the rest haven't played as a unit yet. Yeah, lemme go to that. All right. I, I had, I had to pull that, I had to stand up for this too 'cause You know, I got excited about this one. Obviously I'm not, I'm not being biased. I actually have chasing Higgins first four reasons. Hell, I played for the goddamn bagels and they are phenomenal duo.


Listen, AJ Brown and Devonte Smith, they just won the Super Bowl. Yes. Now again, they do, they, oh my God, how do I say this? I I, and I don't mean to be rude, I don't mean to be rude, they don't throw the ball as much over in Philly as opposed to the Bengals. You know, you, you, You know what I mean? But AJ Brown and Devonte Smith are one hell of a duo down there in Philly. Jettas and goddamn Jordan Addison. Boy, they had a hell of a season regardless to who the quarterback is. Sam Donald comes in there. JJ McCarthy gets hurt. They do what they do best. Phenomenal duo. Evan and Godwin. What more can I say? They did it with Tom Brady and they did it with Baker Mayfield and they gonna do it again this year.


Ahman Ross, Ahman Ross, Saint Brown and Jaymo Nasty work. Nasty, nasty work. Now the only reason I have Tyreek Hill and Waddle so low, and then the quotations, I got quarterback injury that, You know, obvious tool got hurt and everybody's numbers were affected by that. Listen, I got London, Drake, London And Mooney Mooney at seven. Yeah, they're Mooney. The rest, the rest of 'em, they haven't played together. I just look good because, because of the names that pair Together. Look at DK and George Pickens. You looking at Devonte Adams and pca naco. Yeah, I mean, listen, the names are good. They just haven't played together. So I need, I need give a number.


Something I, I'm just curious, Chad, I you like my list. Would, would you change it? I mean, I, the order to me, I think it is good. The the way I have it. Yeah. I mean, look, you think, first Of all, what would you change? I'm not so sure I'd change anything. Ocho I would have Chase and Higgins too, because Chase is the best receiver in football. Now some people might say, I don't know, it might be Jetta, but I think Chase right now is the number one. Right. Right. So I don't think anybody's gonna say AJ is better than him or Mike Evans, Saint Brown, any of those guys. I think Chase, I mean the Triple Crown validates who, what we know. Right, right, right. And then Higgins, so, okay, Higgins, Devonte, it's close.


Yeah. But I think because Chase is number one, I would, I like that group. I like AJ and Smitty. Me, sometimes I, I I get a, i i I get a little perplexed and I'm like, damn, aj like he won the Super Bowl, but it's like complaining about catches. But I, I get it, but then again, I don't, at that point, I kind get it at, at, at this point in Time Mojo I won. Not that, not now. After I won the Super Bowl, it's all about celebration. Right. It's all about celebration. Me. I have this conversation behind closed doors with Jalen, with Jalen Hertz. Yeah. The u Ooc.


Sirianni. I mean Ocho, he is just like, that's just me. Yeah. You know what? I don't like Unc. What? That, this is the business side of things. You talk about him not having the production right. Or him not getting the catches or him not having the yards that he should because You know that, You know how they gonna play with him later. You know what they gonna do to him? Right? They gonna come talk to him. Right. They gonna say, You know what, maybe a year or two from now, now based on your salary and what you making and the numbers you putting up, it really ain't making no sense paying you this kind of money when your production ain't what it should be. The look at your numbers. So they'll use it against him. So I understand what he doing and why he wants to argue the fact, well, I want the catches. I need the catches so the production matches what my salary is.


Right. So the minute your production don't match what your salary is, what's the first thing they wanna do? Either wanna let you go, they want you take a pay cut. Oh, Joe. But You know, you going to jail and Hearst, you're not gonna have the numbers that, that, that, that, that Chase has. Yeah, I Know, I know. Different They got say going back. Yeah, I I'm just saying It's different. Coach on what? Receiver, You know what receiver, You know, got a 2000 yard rusher and they got a hundred catch receiver and a 15, a hundred yard receiver with 15 touchdowns. When you got a 2000, do You know how many carriers you gotta get for 2000 yards? Yeah. Listen, I'm with you when you write, I'm with you when you write. Alright guys. Hey, joining us now, either former Cowboy and a Carolina Panther. Welcome to the show. Xavier.


Worthy Zay. What's up bro? What's up man? How y'all doing man, brother Woods? What's up boy? What's good with you man? Shoe Boy, if I had your hands, I'd cut mine off. Man Shoe. You know how it is Now. He, he's a new now Tennessee. He's with Tennessee now. He played a hundred percent of the Carolina defensive Snap last season, starting all 17. Game logging 1,218 snaps over the last seven seasons. You've started every game you've played your snap percentage for those seven seasons last year. 100 the year before. 199, 97, 96, 91. Healthy, healthy. Talk about what it takes to play an NFL season play that long, that many snaps.


What type, what do you do in the off season? What do you do in the sea during the season in order to make sure your body's able to help hold up game in and game out? Game for seven 18 weeks, actually 20 plus weeks when you crack the preseason? Yeah, I think just for me, I take it a little bit different. I take it like a, I know guys, You know, they'll go right back into the off season, go right back and work. And now I kind of play it like a, like I'm a boxer, you feel me? Trying to, I ain't trying to, I ain't trying to peak in, in, in, in May. You know, I'm gonna take my break, I play all the snaps. I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take the longest break by, so I'm wrapping this thing up, I'm gonna wrap this thing up and kinda like a boxer man, kind of just pace myself doing small stuff here and there.


And then, You know, really, really ramping it up in the summertime, You know, once we get to the season. But as far as right now, it is just, it's, it's slow stuff doing some basic stuff. So I ain't trying to just push myself to the limit right now. And I think that's, that's helping me a lot. Most definitely. Just keeping some of that stress out my body. Diet nutri. So the nutrition, so the Fed, I'm gonna let you take it though, Joe, diet, Nutri, Nutri diet, nutrition. Do you, I mean your meal prep or do you watch what you eat? Do you have a pt? Do you have a personal trainer? Do you have a physio? I mean, what are some of the things that you do from a, that you, you care to share? I mean, maybe there's some secrets that you wanna keep for yourself so everybody can McDonald get on the trade, eat he eat McDonald's.


I ain't no dietician. I ain't no, I ain't got no diet. You And you eat McDonald's? No, I eat McDonald's, but I eat just about probably, probably everything else. Okay, okay, okay, okay. I'm trying to eat everything else shit. You know, they ain't got no ca they ain't had no canes in Carolina, so I ain't, I couldn't get no canes, but I'm definitely Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, that's what, that's a, we, that's like a West, that's like a, a Midwest to West Coast thing anyway. It's big in the south. Definitely bigger in the south. Oh, y'all got canes in, You know canes? I ain't, I ain't seen no canes. I don't think we got 'em in Atlanta. I ain't seen any Atlanta we got exactly, it's a couple, it's a couple of 'em north, but I'm from Louisiana so we got for sure came back there. I was in Dallas for a little, I was in Dallas for a few.


They got, they got every corner in Dallas. They they do, they do. So Texas, they got every, seems like they got every corner like Waffle House in Dallas. So Chick-fil-A for sure. Chick-fil-A. I got damn, got four kids. You can't can't, you can't die with four kids. What you going, how you gonna die with four kids because you grabbing, you grabbing one of their chicken nuggets, you grabbing one of their fries, you eating something? Oh, I snack and I snack. My wife keep a snack, snack pantry. She keep it on, she keep it lit. So it is, it ain't no, it ain't no diet around in this house. You know, I just call her, I kind of, You know, if I'm looking like I'm getting a little belly, we slow it down a little bit.


But besides that we, we eating what we eat, Man joke. What Was, what was, Hey, I, I just wanna know, what was it like playing in Dallas? I, I just like you, you from afar, it's almost like it's a circus in a, in a, in a sense now. I, I I'm not, I don't want you to speak Ill on Dallas. I just want to know what your experience was like, what it was like, You know, I'm not sure if you interact with Jerry, just in general, what is it like playing for the Cowboys boss? It's definitely, it is different. You know, I wouldn't be able to get a job, so I keep Yeah, keep, stay employed. That's what I saying, stay employed. That's why I said Different. It's different. It's different than, You know, I done been to, I was in Minnesota, I was in Carolina and now I'm going to Tennessee.


But it's different than those two. It's definitely different. Yeah. I wouldn't say a circus, but I mean, you everybody hear the, the stories, You know, you just gotta get used to it, You know? Right. You, you, you hear the stories of the tourist. It isn't what it is. You feel me? It's that's true. Yeah. It was true. Oh, that's more definitely true. Yeah. But Say now, now you now you now you see what you see X you see, that's why I use the word circus. That that's, that's the only reason. I mean, I mean, no disrespect, but there's certain things you, you can't conduct a org you can't listen. I'm not an owner, but I'm the owner. But if I'm serious about winning, You know, for my team and my players, I want them in the best, the best situations.


I don't have certain things going on that take away from the end goal. You know, to me something like that takes away from the end goal. I think he feel like, I mean I'm not, I can't speak for him, but I think he, he feel like the, that's not a distraction and it kind of helps with his bottom line. You know what I mean? So I feel like, hey, You know, he gotta make his bread and he feel like that's not a distraction for, for the players, I feel. And Dallas, the Dallas In Dallas, I mean that's the practice hood. That's like the eighth one in Dallas. Right, right. They trying to get people in there to see it. Listen, that's the funny thing about it though. Remember American gangster, right? Yeah. Denzel said Denzel told Cuba good Jr you don't have to do nothing to Blue Magic.


You don't have to change it. Fact, you don't gotta do nothing. That star in the helmet, the product is going to sell itself. You ain't got do nothing extra. That's a fact. It, it just is. So whatever he, we know what his bottom line is. There's a reason why he's the most what what, what's the franchise? Huh? The most valuable franchise. All, You know, music. He's the most valuable for a reason. Not, you don't have Do sports. So you look at basketball, football, baseball, soccer. Yeah. Cowboy jazz. I listen, I was just curious what it, what what it was like to be there. And then obviously with the Panthers, when my brother Bryce Young got benched, I don't know what happened.


I don't know what kind of prayer he said when he came back. No, I'm, I'm telling you man, he came back different. Most of the time when players get benched, they're a little gun shy later. They don't play as efficient. But he came back and played out this world. I mean, do you, do You know what happened? Did somebody talk to him? I I, I'm, I'm just curious. 'cause he played so well after getting benched, I was like, well God damn, this is the Bryce Young we saw Alabama. Man. Honestly, I feel like it is just a, this a testament to just him personally. Yeah. Just the person he is. And I feel like it was just kind of like, You know, of course he didn't wanna be benched, You know? Yeah. I I mean we was with him every day. We seen how it affected him at first. You know, nobody wanna get benched.


No. So, nah. So, but I feel like he was kind of thrown, he was thrown in some fire. He was, he was throwing, that was a bad year one that was a bad situation. So yes sir. All that was like, just, You know, I won't speak ill on my former teammates, but just the situation that he had to Yeah. Endure was just, it was tough on a, on a, on a rookie quarterback, You know? Yes sir. That could kind of fact, that could kind of, You know, have a bad effect on it. Man. It kind of synced over into the next year when you seen it a little bit And you kind of just had to slow it down, man. Just kind of take a step back. You, you feel me? You know, take a step back, take a little break, You know? Right. You just get your feet on. Do you see, You know, a lot of times you could learn a lot from just watching. Yeah.


Which he had the opportunity to do. You know, I see a lot of, when I see Tom Brady say, You know, sometimes the best thing for a rookie quarterback is to is to watch. And then you see, hey man, sometimes a rookie quarterback, the best thing for a Mr play if bridge just depend on the player And you gotta depend on the d the team. What do he have around him? Yeah, it depend on, it really depends on the team and the player. It's, it's by situation and by circumstance it's who, whomever you got or, so you can't factor in, You know, alright. All quarterback's gotta play it, it ain't gonna work like that all the time. Right, right. If you look at it, it's hard for me to see a scenario with Bryce Young hadn't had success. So, You know, he, he's, he's the number one quarterback coming outta high school.


He wins the Heisman his first year starting, he's the first number one overall pick. Success, success, success. Good things, good things, good things. And then he goes and like, damn, what happened? Am I not that Bryce Young, that wasn't the Heisman Trophy in Alabama. I'm not the Bryce Young. That was the number one overall pick. When you do, when you're used to having a success say, and all of a sudden you don't have it, you are like, damn. It's a fact. It starts to, it starts to play with your mind. Because at this level, everybody was somebody at a level be the jv, high school, college, everybody was the guy. Yeah. And now all of a sudden you get here And you just a guy. Yeah. It mess with you.


Yeah. Unless you strong here, all that other stuff that talking, it's gotta be here for you mentally. But yeah. But even year one though, who he played, we played Green Bay playoff team made, You know, made it fought, lit it up, lit it up against Green Bay. So he had his, he even had his first in year one where he showcased, You know, what could do What he could Do. Yeah. What he could do. But it just, it was just bad circumstances year one. But then year two, like I said, man, sometimes you just gotta take a little wooah, just take a little woo to beat up on you. Hey, that, That woo our help. He came back firing, he Came back firing boy. Yeah. I'm, I'm excited. I'm excited for him this year too. You know, depending on what they do, obviously in the off season and, and if they draft, well I know we, I know we gonna have a a a really good year this year.


Lemme ask you this. What do, what do you think about the con I mean, it, it's hard to develop a, a cohesive foundation when you have constant turnover at the head coach position. And we've seen a lot of that in Carolina now. It seems like Canal is gonna come back for a second year. But there was a stretch there that coaches would like getting one year and gone. They'd get like 18, 19 games and they're gone. What do you, 18, 19, fine, five games and gone. You talking about 18. What, what, what, what do you, what, what do you, what do you think are some of the reasons that Carolina hasn't been? Because look, everybody got some good players. Obviously some teams have better players than others.


But the constant turnover in the coaching style, you got this defense this year, you got this defense next year, this offense, this philosophy did yada, yada, yada. What do you think, what can Carolina do to kind of get back on the track where Carolina is one of those teams that's competing? I mean, first of I change is constant change is constant. So it, it's gonna happen. But as far as just having the same guy at the top, I think that that matters the most assistant DC's gonna lead. But having the same guy at the top is what matters the most. I think I was there for three years. I had different, I had, I had different head coach. I had four different head coaches, whether it been Rule Wilkes Wilkes, who we had Frank and then Dave Franken Wils was year two and then Dave.


And so just having the same guy at the top, I think it, it, it kind of just levels everybody out. Just you get a consistent, consistent leader. Consistent voice. Yeah. Consistent voice just throughout the building. But not having that and keeping it and changing it every year, twice a year. Sometimes that's, that's diff that's different. Five as five head coaches. 'cause last year we went from Frank to Tabor and then year one was rule to wils. So that's five different voices. And so just having that same guy with Dave last year and then this year with them, I think, I think they'll do a lot better. Yeah. What, what, what are your goals? What are your goals and expectations this year over there, down there in Tennessee?


If, if, if you had any. We, I mean, I mean I, I I set goals before every season. I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm sure I'm, I'm sure you do as well, Just play consistent ball. I mean honestly just play consistent ball. I think it's out there. We just, as a defense last year in Shaw and in Carolina, we didn't have the best year. So just be able to bounce back just for me personally and just play consistent good ball this year up there and get some wins. Because at this point, this point, You know, we kind of, we kind of, I'm kind in a lot of years of the career. Yeah. But just winning is the ultimate, ultimate goal. But also just doing my one of 11 and just playing consistent ball and just helping the team win.


I like it. I like it. I like it. Isaiah historically on the 10% of six round picks make it to year five. You just finished year eight. And I mean, people don't realize that a lot of times when they draft six themselves round picks, y'all supposed to be, we're we were supposed to be camp bodies and we just gonna bring somebody else, we gonna build span, we give fresh legs, we gonna give y'all an ed up number. You probably had number 87 as a db. I, they gave me number one and I was, I was the 190 second pick. So when you think about what you've been able to accomplish being a sixth round draft pick and only 10% of those make it to year five. And here you are about to head into year nine when you look back and say, damn, I did that.


What makes you most proud of what you've been able to accomplish? Johnson? Just the perseverance from being a six round pick and them saying basically like we played the first preseason, second preseason game. It was like, shh, I played good enough to stay and I got injured that game too. I played, I played good enough and it was like, well, You know, you kind of may have been a camp by you kind of may have been out come up. The guys that got drafted after me didn't make it either. So it's just a testament. But You know, ever since, like, ever since halfway through, I was playing fairly league special teams. My rookie year, halfway through the year I vet got hurt and I started. And so, and I've been starting ever since.


Every game I played, I've been starting ever since. Not tell the young guys, it don't matter where you was drafted at. I was drafted six round 1 91. I've been starting every game since halfway through my rookie year. And so, and then just the money, the money been, the money been nice. Now I got a, I got a few kids. They, they, yeah, they more taken care of. Yeah. Hey, I was about to bring that up. You just purchased a smoothie King, you been behind the counter learning these recipes. Let you be on the ocho where you, where your smoothie king at? First of all, because I need to know where I can come to get that large smoothie for free now. One, I just want one for free. It, it's, it's in North Atlanta. Oh, come, come on through. Yeah, yeah. Come on through. Okay.


Walk through. Come on. I make you. Yeah, got some smoothies on deck Up. You you live in Atlanta or you live in New in Louisiana. Oh, Atlanta. Yeah. Okay, okay, okay. And you Louisiana ain none in Louisiana, but my, my, my family, that's the country man. None. I'm from north Louisiana, so it's the country. Okay. None of the I gotcha. I gotcha. I gotcha you. I got you. Hey, I'm just reading this NFL report that gave the panthers a D for travel sighting. Fewer players feel they have a comfortable amount of personal space on team twice this year because the coaches moved to first class And you guys got whipped bumped to the back. Yeah, that was a little different. That was a little different.


But that's, that's but honest on that. But yeah. Yeah. We win, we get, we get first class on the way back and we get first class on the way back and first class the next on the way out, the next weight game on the way. But you lose you in, you in the back, in the coach, you in the back. But, but I only, I flew, I played 14 years. The only time that the players that I remember that we got first class is that I was in Baltimore for two years. Other than that, he's in the back. The coaches and, and You know the owners Mr. B when he flew and his wife and Mike and and his wife, they got first class. The players didn't get first class. That's the thing. Hey, y'all get first class. It's, it's a, it's a little different now. It's a little different.


It's damn. I got oh, Joe. Yeah. Lemme, hey lemme borrow your good hip man. Let me go back out there and get some of this little good man. Listen, We, we, we, Cincinnati they flew us first class. Especially seniority. Seniority always, always got got sit up front and That and seats and them seats left back too. We need, I need that. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I need that. Especially hold, hold on Zay. Y'all get laid down seats. Oh yeah, yeah, for sure. Oh, ain't wait a minute. I play, we get them laid out. We laid seats. What kind of, what kind of play? What kind of play y'all got? He was in 1970. They had the, they had the damn the plane like this in ocho. You might be able to do this, but that's it. You ain't laying down.


Nah, them joints laid back all the way. That's the best liar. That's liar. Oh man. Hey, Xavier appreciates you man. Joining us. Xavier Woods. He's the cowboy. He was the panther. Now he's headed to the Tennessee Titan. Tennessee Titans, man. Congratulations. All the success. Hope the family's doing well before I get you outta here. How's the family? The family, good wife, the kids, everybody good, mom, dad, everybody good? Yeah, the wife and kids, they're doing good. They upstairs now. I'm trying to get these kids to bed now. It's late, but You know, I got some, I got some night crawlers, so hopefully they can go home. It's very late. It's very late. Yeah. How are the kids if you don't mind me asking? 5, 4, 3 and two months.


Well, well damn. One month. Damn. You've been busy. You practicing And you practicing when you get home. Damn. I'm doing, I'm doing the Lord's work. Be fruitful and multiply. Thank congratulations. Stay healthy man. Hopefully you can keep the, continue this streak of playing at least 90% of the snaps. Oh yeah. After luck. Congratulations on a good, good, great career thus far. Go out there ball out, stay healthy and we'll check till you down the talk to you down the Road. Oh yeah. Hey. Hey. Thanks. Tell Terry luxurious Sneed. He can't come to me too when you get a chance. All Right, man. I got you. I got you. She there too now. Huh? She done over there too now, man, He don't want no smoke. Well, he don't want no smoke.


Xavier Woods. No, I appreciate y'all. Thank you man. Thanks for joining us tonight, man. Appreciate you. Thank you.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees. Fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime. Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp North America or Stride Bank. North America members. FDIC spot me Eligibility requirements in overdraft limits apply Boosts are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


It's tax season. And by now I know we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's an important one. You need to hear $16.5 billion. That's how much money and refunds the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related to tax fraud in 2024 alone. But it's not all grim news. Here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it backed by another good number. The million dollar protection plan. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength in numbers with LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms. Apply.


Ready To optimize your nutrition this year. Meet Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factor fresh, Never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Their chefs handle the shopping and shopping, shopping, delivering fresh, fully cooked meals to your door. All you have to do is heat and enjoy. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. And if you're looking to lose weight factors, Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Savor nutritious premium meals no matter how busy life gets. Eat smart with Factor. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off and use code factor five zero off to get 50% off plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


Hi, this is Jovan your blinds.com design consultant. Oh wow. A real person. Yep. I'm here to help with everything from selecting the perfect window treatments to Wow. I've got a complicated project. No problem. We make the complex simple. I can even help schedule a professional measurement install. I didn't realize you did that. We can also send you samples fast and free. Wow. I mean, I always thought I needed a designer to come to my home, but scheduling's always a nightmare. Not with blinds.com. We're on your schedule and there's no haggling pressure or hidden fees either. Hmm. I just might have to do more. Whatever you need. How about you? Tell me what you had in mind. Okay then. So the first room we're looking at is for guests coming over and I'm thinking of something. Blinds.com is covered over 25 million windows all backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blind.com now and save up to 45% Sitewide rules and restrictions may apply.


I'm gonna find, I'm gonna find out, I'm gonna find out where he going, where that his smoothies King is. I'm go out there and get me a big old smoothie and because You know They got the big one. They got them big ones. Yeah. No. And North Atlanta, it can't be. We gonna figure it out. Well, I live in North Atlanta, but I don't know. I, but I, I I, I I Bad. Listen you got nigga, how, how big is North Atlanta? Huh? Aint that big. You just type up Smoothie Kings And you, And you can figure out which one It's, but you name the Smoothie Kings in in North Atlanta. A lot of 'em. Yeah. Oh my bad, my bad. My bad, My bad. But it, but it might, I don't know where it is. I mean, it might be Buckhead, it might be, You know, little further north. Right, Right, right, right, Right. But we'll, we'll, we, we'll find out what it is. Oh, your chicken Start pre quarterback Mac Jones is signing with the 49 ERs a two year deal.


$7 million with 5 million guaranteed. Jones wanted the opportunity to work with 49 ERs head coach Kyle Shanahan. Will Kyle Shanahan be able Yes. Revive Mike Mac Jones career? Yes. Because I, for all intents and purposes, don't, Joe, we thought that's where he was going at, at before they traded up to take Trey Lance. Right. I thought that would've been perfect. Right? Because you, me, to tell me I believe he's just as athletic or I'm just as strong as Bro Purdy. Mm. Hold on. Think about if you took M Jones and where you were, you'd have kept all those first round picks, right? You wouldn't have had to give up all of that. But hey, I do think, I do think, because I think M Jones was really good in his rookie season when he had an offensive head, when he had an offensive coordinator, Josh McDaniel in his ear.


Some reason, some for some unknown reason to me, like, oh, You know what, I think we gonna put two guys in his ear that's never called an offensive player in their life. I think that'll work out okay Ocho. And it was terrible. It didn't, it didn't, it didn't. But hold on. I got a question, huh? Yeah. Something you just said when you said about him going to the 49 ERs about reviving something about him playing the position of the quarterback. Now, if I'm not mistaken, they do have Brock Purdy. They Brock Purdy who, who commands a 35, $40 million salary coming up soon, huh? Yeah. So exact exactly what part of reviving his quarterback career is Shanahan gonna do. He gonna get an opportunity to see how you do things. And guess what? Maybe Brock per say he don't wanna play.


Well, he don't want that. Because sometimes I gotta have, I gotta get leverage on Yo Joe, I gotta get leverage. Nah, You know, ain't no leverage there. Not with that. Not when you, not, not when you command, not when you commit. When you getting ready to make that kind of money. Ain't no Leverage. Guess what, Brett Far didn't think they had no leverage either, did he? Aaron Rogers didn't think no, had no Ro they didn't have, they didn't have no leverage either, did they? Now, hold on now talking, You know, These are two, You know, these are two work. Totally different type of scenarios. You know, Ocho You know how these teams work. Oh yeah, yeah, I know, I know, I know, I know what you mean. They, they always, they ocho they'll eat that money like Ocho, they'll eat dead money.


Think about the d think about the money that the Broncos at. They paid Russell Wilson Avenue 40 million. Right? Can I ask you a question? Yes. We saw small sample drive of Mac, we saw a small sample size of Mack Jones, right? Yes. Compat. Yes. We saw small sample size of Mac Jones. Where was he last year? Jacksonville. At Jacksonville. So all of a sudden just, just God for some reason that he might be the answer if things don't work out with b with Brock Purdy. Yes. Okay. I'm just, okay. I'm with you. I, I like, I like, I like how, I like how you I like that, But I like that. But I, but what I like, if you think about it, Ocho, if you look at these guys that's had resurgence, look at a Sam darn, look at a Gino Smith.


It was a talent around them, around Him that made, Do You know, now all of a sudden he got dk, he had locket, he had Smith and Jig book. Yeah. You look at Sam Darnell, he had Addison, he had Hawkinson, he had Jetta. He had Jones in the backfield. Okay. So now if I put complimentary pieces around him, I'm not saying sometimes I gotta have a airboat. Right? I don't need that much water in order to get to where I need to get to. Ocho, come on there. Now if I'm on a pontoon, I need a lot of water because I think he had me and he said, boy, you see, so I'm not saying that he's a guy that could elevate. I'm saying maybe he needs a situation where guys can ha need to elevate him.


Right. Because if you look at him when he was at Alabama, when he had waddle, when he had Devonte, when he hadn't met you, when he had IG in the backfield, how did he look? Ocho Boy, that boy. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Let, let's think about what they got over there in with the 49 ERs. Now they don't have nothing like what you just named. Now they have some very, very, very good players. Good Players. Yeah. The deal. Brandon gone. Brandon, Brandon, Jen, the real deal. No, you mean iu? No, I said no. Brandon Jennings. Brandon Jennings For where? And, and, and same friends. 49 ERs. Brandon Jennings.


Yeah. Brandon Jennings. What he what position he play? O Joe Receival. Jwan Jennings. Oh, Juwan. Jen, I'm tripping you. Basketball. The basketball player. Yeah. I'm talking about Jwan. Jujuan. Jen, you got, listen, who was talking about Brandon? Jens earlier? P Master P. Okay. And he still got yeah, Jwan, Jennis knife. Percell came on, You know, left. Now are you coming off of coming off of injury? Yeah, he come off, He still got, still got Kittle C He still got coming back. See how C back can hold up? I mean, listen, I I think, I think they gonna be all right. They still need that. They still need that that boy. Yeah. You Know, You know, And you not understanding what I mean.


They still need that, that that. Man listen that boy, IIII love Juwann Jennings. I love, You know what they have, they still need that, that that dog. Like, like Masterpiece said, they still need that dog. And I'm, I'm talking about from a a a receiver standpoint. Can do can do it all. Yes. Ocho did you see this? There was a picture posted February 2nd, 2020 Dhop signed with the Ravens on a one year deal. He posted this picture five years ago. How many touchdown would this trio go for? In total Now or back now?


Oh back then. Back then back. Back then. Well we knew what it went for because we knew Derrick Henry with that Derrick Henry still playing the top of his game. Oh yeah, absolutely. Lamar is even better than he was back then. Dhop is not the same receiver that he was back then. Hey, it's different. I mean I'm surprised that as many carries as Henry has had, right. The workload that he's had to endure that he's able to run the football ocho. Yeah. Like he's been able to run the football. I think they say it's the ninth highest rush total. He had the ninth highest rush Total in NFL. History. In history. So I think that's what it was. 'cause you look at the 2000 yard rushers. So you go oj, you go Ed, you go td, you go Jamal or Lewis Johnson.


You go Chris, go Saquon. Chris Johnson. Chris Johnson. That's six. You know it's more than six though. Who else? Oh, oj, ED, td Chris Johnson, Saquon Derrick Henry. Who else there had to be another 2000 yard Russia. Mm Ain't it, isn't it? Don't you? I got six. I think it, I thought it was like seven or eight. Who we missing? OJ and 73. Wait, what? What about Ad? Ad? Oh, O day. Yes. All Day. Yes. Yes. I know we missing, I know we are missing somebody.


Yeah, but we got OJ did it first then Ed TD did it, AP ad did it. Chris Johnson, Saquon and Derrick Henry. That's seven. Okay. Barry. Barry is the eight Barry Savage. Oh that's Right. I'm tripping how I forget Barry man, Barry Sand. Yeah. Yeah. So that's it. So that was a, that was a, so I mean think about the man rushed for 1,921 yards and he didn't win the Russian title. Man, You know, your grandpa rushed for 1900 yards and didn't win the Russian title. Now there's the guy that went for 2005 that beat us out.


Boy. I mean look that guy in the middle with that suit on L Jack and the guy to the left, D Henry Boy Good come in and give Pop is he can come in and give you bird downs, things of that nature. I don't think he, he's gonna be the dhop that he was in Houston, the Dhop that he was his first couple years in Arizona. He's not that anymore. Ocho I mean listen, I I think honestly when it comes to that, what he was in Arizona, what he was in Houston, if the opportunity and presented himself and he put in the same positions he had back then, I think, I think he would still be the same obviously. Don't put him in that position.


Yeah. He's not gonna have to be that anyway. Especially not where he is going. No, That's what I'm saying. I don't, I don't Ocho you watch the games. Ocho and I love and I love Dhap. He's, he, he, he, he can't run like he once could Now he was never Tyree. Right, right, right. But he was able to separate, he was able to win. Now, I mean, look, nobody expects him to be What year is this for him? Probably what year? 11. Year 12. Maybe more. What year is this for him? Ash? 12. What you think? What year you think this is for him? I'm, I'm, I'm not, I'm not sure. I think he's probably, I'm gonna say year 12.


Let's go with year 12. It might be 13. What year is this for D might be 13. Because the thing is though, Joe, like when you tyreek, Tyreek able to get some still gets a couple years in for the simple fact. So what he ain't four, two no more. He four four. So You know what I'm saying. Don Joe, he gonna get a couple of extra years just because he don't run four two no more. But he still run 4 4, 4, 4. Yeah. Yeah. It's gonna be 13. Yeah, 13. That's right. So think about this Ocho. So when you four, six OCHO coming out. Yeah. Unless you big like me more tight in.


Yeah. But I think look, like you said they got Za flowers, they got Bateman, they got likely it seems like for all intents and purposes, Andrews coming back. Mark Andrews is still there. Yeah. There was some talk about he might be a cap casualty, he might be a trade a candidate. All we know right now that hasn't happened yet. Right. So we'll see how it is. So yeah, I think he'll be coming and, and and, and used in situations kinda like he was used in in in in in Kansas City. Yeah. 'cause like I said, like you gotta, you gotta keep likely on the field. Yeah. You gotta keep the flowers and abatement on the field. Those are your two guys. Now it's gonna be interesting to see what they do with Aguilar. I I think he's still there.


Oh, Nelson. I forgot. Yeah, I forgot Nelson. Yeah, he's still there. And you still getting And you got Mark Andrews. So it's gonna be interesting dynamic. I'm glad DHA want to continue to play. I'm glad the Ravens 'cause the Ravens like veteran. They like guys with, with veteran experience. Great locker room guys great presence. They they, they value, they really value that. What do you expect? I expect Lamar to be great. I expect D Henry to do what he does do. I don't know if another 1900 yard season, but Hey could he, could he get, I mean we'd probably be disappointed if, if D Henry don't rush for 1500 yards because that's all he does. Yeah. He, he, he probably will. And I think obviously Lamar's gonna be great from the pocket as well.


We know we, we know he can be a dual threat but he's, he's shown his growth as a passer being able to make plays off script. That's why I think Dhop is gonna have a good year. Za Flowers are gonna do what he does. Rashad Bateman is gonna take make, take advantage of the opportunities that he's, that he gets. And I think the Ravens and Raven's gonna be good. They gonna be good. Yeah. They gonna be Good. So I mean they ain't, they ain't going, they ain't gonna win the A FC North, but they gonna be good. You know. So we, we know, we know, we know. Who taking that a FC North. Huh? Chad. I know y'all agree with me, right? Baltimore, come again. The Ravens. Hold on. I hear, I hear static.


Hold on. Is something wrong with your mic? Yeah. Something, something wrong with your mic. Raven. Who? They Win Ocho check this out. Daniel Jones signed with the Cols report. Sound like they may be a quarterback competition between him and Anthony Richardson. Damn, Please. Ocho tell me the time you ever seen somebody sign a backup for $14 million if I if they signed a receiver. You making 5 million? They paid the wide receiver that they, they brought in 17 million. Right? What you tell me what you thinking? Yeah, I I know what it is.


It's, it's funny how they play that game. Huh? It's funny, it's funny how they play the game. They playing no joke. What you mean what game they playing? What they, what you playing him And you saw what it was when he was in, in New York, right? Yes. Okay, so you bring him in for a quarter of our competition. For what? But maybe it's a good thing. Huh? Maybe this is a good thing for Anthony Richardson. You mean you tell me. You mean to tell me you finna bring somebody in to beat me out my spot after you already saw what he was able to do. Don't, don't get me started. Ocho I think it's a good thing for Anthony, Rick. Maybe this will propel him. Not that he needs motivation anyway. He doesn't need no motivation. Now that the quarterback position.


You don't but this, this should get you in line real quick because they sends a message. Yeah. We don't believe in you. We don't think you're the long-term answer for our team. They benched his ass last year. That should have been a clear message right there. I Mean, but You know, they benching for aspecific reason. We lemme You Know why? Lemme ask you question. Lemme ask you a question. If Tara Brady came out, if Patrick Mahomes came outta the game, they getting bench next game. Absolutely not. Thank you. When were the, tell me the backup player, tell me the backup player in the NFL that's making 14 million Any position? Tell me the backup player that's making $14 million.


It probably ain't none, huh? Exactly. So what they tell you? Yeah. And that, that's, that's crazy how they play. That's, that's crazy. Who, who? Daniel Jones got got some Video something Got some dirt or somebody on somebody or something. Hey, he might, he might have a, he might have a table. Somebody with a goat. Ain't no talent. Hey what, 14 what? One year or two year? One year. Goy? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. He, he know, he knows something. He probably know what, he probably know where they got Jimmy Hoff at boy. Yeah. Damn. So it's you right. OY me. Hey, this is a clear indication.


I don't know when the coaches talk or when the organization talk. If Anthony Richardson was listening, they got his undivided attention. Now they got his undivided attention. Don't Joe Undivided and Joe. That's crazy. Rogers was released by the Jets today. Negotiations are ongoing between the Steelers and Rogers. Here's what Mike Florio is reporting. The ball is reportedly in Aaron Rogers court. The Steelers are simply waiting for, for a decision from Rogers. Regardless, it is tempting to think that Rogers, who not long ago was potentially out of options, has found a way, way to make it all about himself again.


In just two, in two weeks, Rogers has gone from the guy who has the reach out to the giants, to a guy who has options. Whether he's doing it on purpose or just doing what he does, he's become the center of the NF NFL's detention for maybe one last time. We're focused on him. We're talking about him. We're not, as long as the Steelers don't move on to another veteran quarterback, he can take his time at some point, however, however, they'll need an answer. And when he gives a one, he'll likely complain about all the attention that he's handling on the situation naturally generated. I look, Ocho you and I wasn't talking about it. No, we, we were talking about the people that had gotten signed.


Right? We talked about like, it was a possibility that he was gonna get released. They made a sense like, look, this is what we want you to do. The Ja said, they released a statement, said, no, we moving on. They thanked him for the two years that he was there, blah, blah, blah. But after today, if he ain't signed, ain't no more word. I just talk. Yeah. Not from, not from me. Now, maybe you wanna bring up a, a, a, let's, let's talk about this right here. Okay? Fine. But until he signs Right. I don don't really know. Ain't talk about ain't really there. There really is a though, Joe. Right. And I have a question. Yes sir. What other veteran quarterbacks are out there right now outside of Aaron Rogers? Russell Wilson. Okay. Russell Wilson to go back, I think Russell Wilson VI is visiting the New York Giants and the Cleveland Browns, if I'm not mistaken.


Yeah. Now outside of Russell Wilson, who else is out there or is that it? I think that's pretty much it. OY. Yeah, so I mean, I mean, Aaron, Kurt, Aaron Rogers A good, it seems like cousins could be available via trade. Right. But nobody ain't trading because he got that money guaranteed. Now y'all release him, y'all pay that money and then we pick him up at minimum. Ah, I see. I, I got you. But I Ain't trying to, I ain't trying to, I ain't trying to take on somebody that got guaranteed money. I ain't trying to take, I ain't trying to pay that. Yeah. Y'all, hey, I'm not, I'm not Finn to bail you guys out for your bad decision. You made that decision. Decision and I told you owe your lash. I said owe Joe. It doesn't make sense. I said add is absolute best.


He's got two years. I said Ocho, if you sign him and he got one, you stuck. Yeah. You stuck like with a bad song on an elevator and damn, you gotta go to the top and it stop it at every floor in between. I ch Chad, y'all know I said, I said Ocho, I said I get, I get what you're saying, don't you? If two the or the young guy comes along, I said, but don't you Yeah. To pay this kinda money. Yeah. And to potentially only be a one year deal, you got a hundred million fully guaranteed on $180 million contract. And lo and behold, he really didn't make it through the whole year. Right. I, I just, I, I just, You know, I was like, man, That's crazy.


Well, listen, Aaron Rogers is in a good place. He's in a good place. Oh, James Winston is available also. Okay. IIII can see that. I can see the move. I can see, I can see that move. I can see that. See what about Flaco? Isn't Flaco available too? ICO's available too because Flacco was, Flaco was in Indy last year. Right. And if he was still there, there would be no need to sign Daniel Jones. Right. Matter of fact, the signed Daniel Jones probably lets, gives me the indication that Flaco is also a freer, could Flaco circle back and be in Cleveland? Sure. I like that. Could He be a play? Could he be a a a a play in the Giants?


That's crazy, man. Now, now that I think about it, I'm trying to figure out who fits, who fits what and who fits where. But listen, what got, Oh, Gar Garment just got released also. Yep. Man, listen, with DK and with DK and Pickens, boy you could, you, you, you get, you get a gun Slinger there, boy, you, you can, you can make some magic, bro. They, they let Najay Harris go. Yeah, I think he signed with the charges. Okay. Yeah, he did go with the charger. Hey, Mike Williams just signed back with the charges too on a one year. Did he? Yeah, he went back. Yeah, he went back. Oh, Joe. But you think about it, if you go back and look at Car Pittsburgh then last first round, they haven't gotten a second contract.


All the first rounds. They declined the fifth option. I think it was like the last four I I saw, I saw this in the paper today. Ain't ain't paying out, huh? I think Bush, you remember Bush the linebacker? That guy, I think he's from Michigan. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Dad played in Florida State. Deon, not Devin. Devin Bush. Yeah. Yeah. No, I think that might've been his dad. That might have been him though. I think it, but You know, I might be wrong. They declined his fifth year option. So Yes, Ashley, I read the newspaper today. I got a, I got the USA today At the hotel.


I got the USA today at the hotel today. So that's, George said the same thing. Oh, you read newspapers? I was like, well damn, you make it seem like I can't read or something. I can look at a picture and fool them. But yeah, it was, it's gonna be, it's gonna be interesting to see. I'm ready to see what he think I'm ready to see at this, this, with this legal tampering period. We kinda got an indication before, because, You know what I'm saying, such and such going on. But now we kind of know. So now, now we, you shift your focus, like, okay, more draft, who's going where, what's gonna be done? Are there gonna be any more moves? Are there, are there any more moves to be made?


Yeah, I'm excited. I'm excited for that draft. What you, what you got? What you got? One, two, and three? What you think? Honestly, Ocho this is might be the, I have no idea. I mean, people say Abdul Carter, people say Cam. Mm. The only, I mean, I mean people are kind of like cool. I mean now, I mean, I see, I see reports URA might slide out of the top 10. He might slide or down way down. He might even fly down the first mile. I'm like, well damn, I just don't, what I don't understand Ocho, how can a guy move up or down and a guy ain't played, ain't played football in three months.


Ready to optimize your nutrition this year. Meat factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factor fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Their chefs handle the shopping and shopping, delivering fresh, fully cooked meals to your door. All you have to do is heat and enjoy. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. And if you're looking to lose weight factor's, Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Savor nutritious premium meals no matter how busy life gets, it's smart with Factor. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off and use code factor five zero off to get 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


Ready to prioritize yourself in the new year. Your skin is a great place to start. Dime Beauty, founded by a Master esthetician is more than just a skincare company with four skin conscious categories. Skincare, beauty, body care, and fragrance Dime offers simple spa worthy products that will help you enter 2025 with confidence. Whether you're revitalizing your regimen with nourishing products or building one from scratch, dime makes it easy. The work system, our all-in-one bestselling routine includes a cleanser of your choice, toner, serums, and moisturizers, taking the guesswork outta skincare for your healthiest, happiest skin. Yet dime's commitment to clean ingredients and sustainable packaging ensures every product is as gentle on your skin as it is on the planet. With thousands of glowing five star reviews in a loyal community, the results speak for themselves. Revive your skin and give yourself the routine refresh you deserve by visiting dime beauty co.com. That's dime beauty co.com. Your best skin awaits.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try with Future Health? You can. Future Health gives millions access to affordable weight loss meds for less than three bucks a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise, and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long, Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and 100 nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses. That's LEES a.com and use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a Lisa just for you.


It's all on. It is all on team needs. And then the, the, the, the needs of the team that are picking in the first five. They need a quarterback. Cool. There's more than one. There are more than three teams in the first five or six picks that need quarterbacks. They're not finna play that game just outta spite. Just outta spite. No, they not gonna play that game. But, Alright. God. It's time for our finals of the evening. It is time for q and a. We leaving already After the segment. We just started Manette, Manette said my two favorite chocolate men online. Appreciate you. That's all.


Thank you, Manette. I'm gonna Ocho look. Lemme get some of this oil off oil guy. See that oil got that oil out of there? Yeah. Now Where Ocho? Man, I ain't never seen nobody that got a bladder worse than mine. Dang. You're gonna drink a little bit of water ash.


Get off there just because you can go 24 hours without go into the bathroom. Ash. Don't be don't be clouded on me because You know. Yeah, my, as you get older, don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. I can't wait till you get your ass in your fifties. Woo. Hey, I gotta stop drinking Water, man. Your favorite chocolate man online. Appreciate you. That's all. Oh, you talking about me? Nah, she said, I'm like, Who is, who is that? Who is that? Who was that? I don't know. Ocho, you look a little asy. I baby that's your camera. I do. Yeah. Chad, what y'all think? Don't want y'all look Ashy. Where at? What's wrong? What's wrong with me?


I I don't look ashy. There's something wrong with your camera. Nah. Hey Chad. What y'all think? Where I look ashy at? I look good bro. Unc where you tripping bro? I ain't, I ain't, I ain't, ain't say you didn't look good. I say you Ashley, I'm gonna be ashy. Yeah. I ain't, I ain't, I ain't, Ashley, I put lotion on this morning Man. It's, it's tomorrow. Cory b Shannon had an opportunity to meet Bro Shannon today at Ben got a La Portier that he autographed. Appreciate you. What are you and Chad doing? Finishing up Nightcap.


Then I'm going to bed. That's It. Hey, I got, I got a flight. I gotta, I got, I fly to New York in the morning To do what? Oh, I got, I got a little, I got a, I got a meeting. I got a meeting too. A little meeting with Netflix and then I have to do something for EMLS. Okay. Yeah. Josh, R 9 0 8. You don Battle. Oh wait, hold On. Huh? I forgot to tell you what I'm going to see. I'm going to see the Broadway play. Othello. You know Denzel is The I heard about that. I heard about, I heard. It's great. I'm going, I'm going, I'm going Saturday. I Saw I I've only been to one Broadway play Ojo. I what you saw, I went to a, I saw Samuel Jackson and Dr. King. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Yeah. That's la that's lag Josh. R 9 0 8.


It don't matter. Poor growing pork loin. Bitcoin Luca join nigga at Fly ocho ocho. If you don't, I did not have any idea that thing was going to take off like it did. Oh, you don't remember, you don't realize how many pictures I took today. Oh, just hold of the five. Hey, that joke is funny man. J add the a o Joe. Don't let fool you Joker put numbers up against sinners that are plumbers and B, barely on the court. He hasn't played in Denver since two thou hasn't played in Denver since 2019.


You got players like Ad and Kat scared to play the five, Bro. I like Yeah, but y'all make it seem like everybody that look, everybody ain't gonna be joker just like everybody wasn't Jordan. Yeah. So what everybody, everybody ain't Kobe. Y'all make it seem like Kobe was, every guy Kobe went against had Jordan level defending abilities. Or every guy Jordan went against had Kobe Bryant a defending abilities. You know, come on man. Pretty all I know. Whatever he well, whoever he is going to get, he is putting up 29, 13, and 11. That's all I know. Anytime. No matter who it is.


All I know J 2 0 3 I No, Joe, I was an argument earlier today because I said Tim Duncan was the biggest superstar who fell off the face of the earth after their career. What are your thoughts? Who else comes to mind? I mean, what do you mean? Phil? Tim Duncan was a superstar. Didn't nobody know he was playing. He liked it like that. Timmy. Timmy did. Timmy did. Timmy wanted to come in, make his money be great and dip. Kim was really one of the few, like I think what you call it was the last senior to go number one overall, Kenya Martin, but Tim Duncan played all four years. But Tim, Tim was a guy that really never liked the spotlight.


Yeah. He Didn't like the spotlight. Mr. Mr. Fundamentals. Yeah. He was, I'm trying to think who else fell off the face of the earth that was a superstar with yo that wanted to, You know what I'm saying? That wanted to Right, right, right. I know who's, I know, I know somebody who is a superstar despite injuries that will probably fall off the face of the earth and don't want to be seen to bother Yoic. Yoki probably Kawai. Oh yeah. Yeah. Kauai ain't trying to get none of that Kawhi injury. So the last that he, he he not the same. We barely even talk about Kawai now. Mm. James Harden seemed to be the best player on the team now he and Norman Powell.


I guess Kareem, I mean, but it, but back then, I mean it wasn't like it is now. You know, Kareem is not like guys now. 'cause guys have other things. You, you hear about guys, they're doing business and I don't know what business Kareem owns or You know, but a lot of times guys they own business, they, they become execs or they become media personalities. Ocho Right. They, they become coaches. They become front office people. They own other businesses. So yeah. It's, it's different time than when Kareem came out. Seriously, bro. Hey agan, Ocho, please say congrats to my mother, to the mother of my child, Kimberly. She gave birth to our first born Evander this morning.


Do you have any advice for us? Much love Mikey. Kimberly, congratulations. Congrats my Mikey. Hopefully baby and mom are healthy and they'll be coming home soon. 'cause normally that's what they do. Hospital let you live. Used the hospital used to let you live up in the Ocho. They get your ass up outta there. Them Got to go. You Try to get people to have transplants. Try to get 'em up out of there a day or two. Come on man. And let me ran comfortably. But Kimberly, congratulations. Firstborn Evander. Mikey, congratulations again. Hopefully baby and mommy are healthy advice. Don't worry about sleep. Sleeps over 80. Oh Yeah. And you ain't about to get none.


You ain't about to get none. So Congrat, congratulations. Always remember two is better than one. Get back in there. Mike Brown said hey. Oh, get Candace Owens on Club. Shake. Shake. Okay, we'll do that. Mike Victor Castro. What's up guys? Love the show. When are we getting soccer cap again? Ocho. Can we play FIFA Conquer 2 1 8 PS five. Yeah. Whenever you, whenever you wanna lose, man, just send me, send me a dear on Instagrams or or or or X or Twitter, whatever it is. And we could play. We could play. Did you see that game today at Little Madrid was the better team.


We all Madrid. They got away with one. They got away with one. It was a good game though. Really enjoyed it.


That concludes this episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store, Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network today.


Thank you guys for joining us. We greatly, greatly appreciate it. As you watch the OKC Thunder, go to Boston and beat them one 18 to one 12 Shea Gils was Shea Gils. 34 points seven assist four rebounds as they went on the road. One 18 to one 12. I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharp. That's ocho, the route runner extraordinaire. The bingo Ring of Fame ought read the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for your continued support. We greatly, greatly appreciate it. Please go check out Shea by La Porter.


We do have it in stock. If you can't find it any city or state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and please stay safe. Check out Shea, Shea Media on all this platform and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything has restocked and the Super Bowl show shirts and hat. The link is pin down bio at the top of the chat. What else we got? Ocho. Hey. Yeah, we want to thank Master P for joining us and Xavier Woods. Guys, thank you Pete. Wish you the best of luck. Xavier, wish you the best of luck at Tennessee on your new journey. Congratulations. Hey, we look forward to seeing you guys again down the road.


But Chad, we'll see you guys tomorrow From New York. The Volume.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't want to miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase. Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and company,


Tired of Restless Nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long. Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and a hundred nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses. That's LEES a.com and use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a Lisa just for you.


This message comes from Greenlight ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly. Set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.