
This is an iHeart podcast,


Bettering your business. Takes working with the best. With the James Hardy Alliance, you gain access to leads, training, networking, and support from the number one brand of siding in North America. Achieve new levels of success by joining the James Hardy Alliance today.


Hi, I'm Sarah Spain, host of Good Game with Sarah Spain and the co-author of the new book Runs in the Family. An incredible true story of football, fatherhood and belonging. Written with and about Las Vegas Raiders Running backs, coach Delan McCullough. It's the story of a football coach and father of four who sees his life forever changed by the unsealing of his adoption records. And it's got a twist you won't believe based on the viral ESPN story I did a few years ago. This book will blow your mind and bring you to tears by runs in the family wherever books are sold.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali SU, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


The volume One draft lottery prospect reviewed reportedly, reportedly refused to work out for the harness because he didn't wanna play with Lalo ball. Yo damn they ain't no mellow like that. And I thought, You know, I thought Lelos one of the little yns that everybody, You know, look up to. Yeah, we like him one with play with though. What I wanna play with I, that's what they're saying.


Well look, hold on, look, if you coming into the, if you coming into the NBA or for me, it's like if you coming into the NBA, you got an opportunity to fulfill your dream. I don't nec, I can't see how these young dudes will feel like, You know what they entitled. It's a different era, not Joe. Hey, we had to get it where we get it now they get, they want to choose, Hey, I go on a job, I don't wanna work these hours, I wanna work this hour and I need to work, I need to work two days a week from home. I mean that, that's how, that's how, that's how this new generation is, Joe. I mean they done got spoiled with COVID. So now people feel like they got choices. Hey, this a once in a lifetime opportunity, man. It is hell.


I play a, I play anywhere. Yeah, BES can't be choosey. You, you want to get drafted, man. Hey look, unless you really feel like you, him and you really gonna change your franchise, okay, I can see that you got the utmost confidence in yourself. But to say you don't wanna play with a guy, man, you don't know what it's gonna like when you get on that. You don't know what it's gonna be like when you get on that team. Yeah, I don't, I can't, it is, it, it's hard for me to these young, they different now Joe. I know man. I know. They different now. They different. It's not like, You know, when it came up we just, hey we have it. It's like you used to be happy to have a job, man. Now you going and telling people, look, look here, I want this job and I wanna work these hours. I wanna work this much money. I need this holiday off.


I need this by much time for vacation ar when I came into the draft, I worked out for the top 10 teams. I'm talking about from, damn Joe, you were tired. What number one, if I'm talking about from the, from the Wizards who had the number one pick all the way to Boston who had the 10th pick and I got drafted by Boston with the 10th pick. Hey look, I ain't gonna lie, I felt like the first three picks I was wasting my time. 'cause we had a bunch of high schoolers, Kwame Brown, Eddie Cur. Yeah, eing Chandler. And then we had Powell Sal in there. Nobody kind of, You know, he was a foreigner. So people didn't really kind of know and understand. We knew he was talented, but I'm like, man, they know they all going with big, why y'all wasting my time? Got me up here working out for the wizard.


But you got a free trip, Joe. I got a free trip and I gotta hang out with Michael Jordan. But at the same time I, I felt like that was a waste of time then going to work out for the Wizards, that number one pick. I'm like, man, y'all need shit. But, but, but, but hey, hey. My best workout, I ain't gonna lie. Or my best workout was with Boston. I worked out with Boston. Really? It was me. It was me, Richard Jefferson and a dude named Jeff Trape from USC. So You know, like when you go into these workouts, you like a guy like me coming out, the SEC coming outta Arkansas. I wasn't like highly sought out. So like I'm looking for guys like Jason Richardson, like Richard Jefferson, You know, I'm like, I sure hope he there 'cause I'm gonna put something on them.


You hear me? You hear me? Perfect. So we worked out in Boston. That was by far my best, my best workout. I probably, I probably missed like two shots the entire workout. We played one, we played one-on-ones. A bunch of shooting drills off the dribble. Like it's so much they wear you out, they wear you out in these workouts and they try to see what, what do you have or how can you get to that next level when you get fatigued? What is it? Like what Yeah, what, what is your play like when you get tired? And that's what a lot of these workouts are about. You know what I mean? Yep. They ain't gonna just bring you in and right off the dunk, warm. You just, just get you to a stretch and then y'all start playing. They gonna put you through a lot of mental work before you get to that point.


And so a lot of these guys gotta know and understand man, them, them. Hey look, I used to live for them workouts. I worked out for 10 teams. 10, oh well they would, hey, every, every couple days I would fly to a different city and now, and look, now you got guys who say they don't even want to, they don't wanna work out. I, I ain't working out. Oh, you gotta gimme a promise. I mean, think about this. Hey Chad, think about this. You go on a job interview and you like the, and I say yeah, we, we'd like for you to come in, we'd like to have a have a interview. I only come in and you promise you gonna hire me. Right, right. Now we good. Oh my god. That's what, that's where we are right now.


Joe. Candice Parker stands on business, doesn't like Gino or Emma out of respect for Pat Summit beef with him. Joe, is there anybody you'll ever be cool with out respect for Fred? Is there anybody I would be cool with out of respect? Yeah. So if he's not cool with your friend, that means he not cool with you? Yeah. So I'm, I'm in inheriting somebody else beef. Nah, I mask no mask gun. I'm trying to see what Yeah. Yeah, that's basically you got, hey look, you do got people who move like that now for sure have people who move like that now. Now if we real close friends, you my best friend and you don't, you don't like this that and third. Nah, I ain't gonna be mixing and mingling with 'em. Nah. Right. But if me, you just associates, You know what I mean?


Right. You got you telling me somebody and they ain't got nothing to do with me. Yeah, exactly. But so yeah, that's how I am because I look, I my best friends bucket and burns like they know me, I know them. If, if they don't rock with you, it's a you Yeah. You really, you really flaw. Absolutely. So I, I did my antennas need to go up and so I need to stay. I I need to stay away from it. Yeah. I'm, I'm the same way. So like, if, if my close, close friends guys who I grew up with, they tell me, oh man I don't mess with X, Y, Z. Alright cool. We ain't messing with him. I see him. I ain't gonna mess with 'em neither. Yeah. I'm like that. Exactly. I'm like that. Yeah. But now if me and you, You know we just associates you cool. But you tell me you don't, they ain't got nothing to do with me, brother.


Ain't got nothing to do. Yeah you ain. I i I don't do that inherited beef. Nah, nah, nah. I ain't inherited nobody beef. Nah now. But it dip. Now if we're on a team, like I go, like when I went to the, I went to the Broncos, we hate the Raiders. Raiders aint never did nothing to me. I used to like the Raiders. Nah, I hate the Raiders too. I hate Kansas City. Yeah. For in professional sports it's a lot different. Yes. Yeah it is. Have you, you, you inherit Beasts because? Because it, yep, because you, it's like you a big fraternity so it's like your teammates, you spend more time with them than you do anybody else smoking. Yep. You always gonna have they back. Right Ron? Yep.


Different. You know what I mean? So I understand that part. And it, and it happens a lot. Oh yeah. And when Pittsburgh and we went to Baltimore, they, we didn't like it like man Tennessee man. Okay. We don't like the Titans. Right. We and then the Steelers because the Steelers rivalry wasn't a rivalry until, You know, in 2000 we got there and I started talking trash to Coach Cower and Coach Cower shot back and then I said something to Plex and then they said it back and then it's now it's one of the best rivalries in the NFL Packers. The Packers, bears, Steelers, Ravens. Yeah. That those are what? Those are two of the best rivalries. You won't find a better rivalry than those two rivalries.


That means the hatred. The dislike. Like when I got to the Broncos we had Raider week. Yeah. We hated the Raiders because, and then Mike Shanahan became our head coach. Mike was the coach for the Raiders for like 20 games. And then Al Davis fired him and then wouldn't pay him his money told him, he said guess what, Sue me, it'll cost you more than what I owe you in lawyer fees. So Mike just said be forget it. So Mike told us the story. Oh that man owe you more paint. Okay we gonna beat the hell outta his tee. It's probably trash talking the entire game. Even leading what game man please. The Raiders man. All they do see and the thing with the Raiders like football Joe, the Raiders are one team.


You ain't really gotta study no film because they gonna be right there in front of you. They gonna play man coverage every snap, every snap, mano, imano, mano, imano. Okay. I like that. And they and they gonna cheap shot you. But I'm gonna get my lick back on somebody. You know I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get your teammate but somebody gonna get guy. Same thing with Kansas City. Where when they had Kevin Ross and and Albert Lewis. Albert Lewis what really made me a, a hall of famer, a pro bowl player. 'cause I felt if I could beat him 'cause he was the toughest defender I've ever go against. And then they got Carter and they got hasty. Bam. Please. Probably made you a better player too. Absolutely. But they were dirty Joe.


Bad They were dirty man. I know, I know. I know them type man. I know type. Hey look, it ain't nothing like playing against hey because You know when you play against somebody who's dirty, you understand what you gotta bring to the table that day. Yes. Gotta mean you can't beat messing up. You gotta keep your head on a swivel. Yes sir. You can't be playing. Yeah, I know. And I'm like, I mean like Dale, Dale like Dale grew up in Georgia, he Dale Carter, he from Georgia and he do something cheap. I'm like man Dale, why you can't just be, just chill this game. Let me get outta here man. I don't have to do something to you until your teammate. Damn. No you gonna but I mean if you do something to my teammate, I gotta get, I gotta get somebody that's just, that's just, that's just it.


Hey man, such and such man something. You cheap shot of the inch out of me. Oh, we gotta get him back and you, hey and You know, and you already know going into the game what it's going to be. So you already ready mentally. You already, so you already, Raiders are the chiefs. Oh. It's gonna be some face masks. It's gonna be some, it's gonna be some dirty ish going on. So just get ready, just get ready. So I'm gonna get, like I said, you get me, I'm gonna get you or your teammate. Right. And I said, hey, he got me so I got you. And I couldn't get him so I got the back full thing. So Right. Tell him to chill. I chill. Hey I know, but I ain't gonna be the only one limping off the field, I promise you.


Right. That football different though man. Different Joe. But see the thing is it's hard like in like, I guess you're a hard foul. You like, you like you go to the block and shot and you can get somebody elbow. But in football I can make it look like a football play and I'm really, I'm really intentionally trying to get you up out of it. That's what I'm saying. I'm saying even like even when, even from watching when I see like a pile Right. A pile of guy. Yeah. I feel like you can cheap shot in that. When you in that little pow right there fingers right through the face man. Right in his eye. You see I'm saying, oh you get hey somebody hand down there, you get up step right on his hand dirty all that way. Yeah. Oh yeah. You get 'em back. Yeah, but see, and and when I, when I was in the league, they don't, you can't do it now.


The blind side block the crack back. Mm. Oh, I'm trying to get you up out your helmet. I'm trying to put my hand, I'm tried to put my helmet right here. They ain't playing no more. They get you. They, they won't let You know. They won't let you do that. Yeah. They get you. They gonna fight. They'll fight the hell at you. You do that. First of all they gonna throw a penalty and then you gonna get that FedEx letter in your, in your lock hole Wednesday abs. Absolutely. Oh they gonna get you. Hmm. The Raven signed veteran quarterback Jahi Alexander to a one year deal worth 4 million that could pay up to 6 million after incentives. Alexander reportedly had offers for more money elsewhere for Adam Schefter. But the opportunity to play with his former college teammate Lamar Jackson was too much to pass up.


Especially after Lamar pushed hard for Alexander to sign with Baltimore early this week. So now they have Jahi Alexander Pro bowler, Marlon Humphrey, pro bowler, Nate Wiggins, top first round draft pick, Kyle Hamilton, one of the premier safeties all Pro and Malik Stark. Malachi Is that, is that Malachi? Malachi Stark with the rookie. Hey Raven's going for it this year. Absolutely. They ain't got no choice. Nope. They ain't got no choice. They going done zero. Look, they already know they gonna get great contribution from from Lamar. Yep. And, and and and Derrick Henry and Add add some of them, them blue collar workers around them, them guys who can defend.


I think that's what they looking for. They re look, they re they gave Derrick Henry, they made him the what? Third, highest paid running back then you signed Rashad Bateman to a long-term deal. Lamar is in line to get an extension. He's gonna get You know, money. You got ZA Flowers who phenomenal last year made the Pro Bowl. But he got hurt that last game and ended up missing the playoffs. And now defensively you got Quan Smith who's one of the better middle linebackers. You got Marlon Humphrey who's tremendous the slot jahi if he can stay healthy. That's been his issue the last several years in, in Green Bay. He couldn't stay healthy. Yeah. And then, You know, them trying to push him to get on the field, he is like, I'm not healthy when I'm out there I'm looking bad so I'm putting bad tape out there.


So he is like, we knew it was just gonna, eventually it was going to, it was going to end with them. But I like, I I like this move. They're one of the better teams now from top to bottom offensive defense. We know what they represent offensively with Lamar who's always gonna be in the MVP discussion. Derrick Henry, one of the two best backs in football along top three him Christian McCaffrey and Saquon. Now Lamar's gonna have to do it. I just need to be Lamar to be Lamar in the postseason that we see in the regular season. That's it. Yeah. I don't need, I don't need, I don't need him in a cake but I just need him to be him in the postseason.


Like he is in the regular season and he does such a great job to go back and look at his stats. Great job protecting the football in some, for some ungodly reason. And I don't know if he's putting too much pressure on himself, but the turnovers happen. Well I think and turnovers get your beat, You know, in the postseason things are a little different. You know, teams game play a lot harder. Even even that that defensive front, You know, knowing they gotta get after the get after the ball a lot more, You know, like Yep. In the regular season, You know, he's Lamar's pretty much freely. He playing free, You know, he is out there having fun, running around, throwing touchdowns and the postseason, man it's a lot different. It's a lot different in the postseason in in basketball and football and You know, for, like you say for whatever reason them turnovers just been killing them in, in the postseason.


So I look forward to, You know, learning from them mistakes and obviously You know this, I mean it's a great chance for 'em to, You know, finally get 'em one. You know, the thing is Joe, what I tell people, the thing that people talk about love about football is that you guys, if you play a series sport, football, hockey, excuse me, basketball, hockey, baseball, which means best two out of three, three out of five, four outta seven. And if you get to that final game and the series is tied to two or the series is tied, You know, whatever the case may be. Three three. And we need the final game game in the NFL. Every football game is a game seven. And you dealing with the finality of it, see in the regular season, okay, hey guys, we gonna flush that one.


We gonna move past that one. X, Y and Z is on to the next. But there is no tomorrow when you play football in the postseason, tomorrow is next year. Yeah. And you go in and you're gonna get your stuff. And, and if you don't lose that game, they're gonna give you a, a, a, a, a healthy bag and you're gonna put your stuff in there, you're gonna clean out your locker and you're gonna go talk to the general manager, you're gonna talk to the head coach, you're gonna get a clean bill of health from the trainers how you feel, anything, blah, blah, blah. If you're gonna have surgery, you're gonna set you up for the surgery. It's over. And I think, and and, and, and Lamar is is like I said, it's the, and I think he just put so much onus on himself. He like, man I gotta do it. I gotta do it. And he has the team around him that can do more than this year.


You gotta, he gotta be great. Almost every, not almost, but every night, especially in the postseasons like you say, there's no tomorrow, it's if he just holds onto the, if, if he just like the turnovers, I don't need him to throw for 300. I don't need him rush for a hundred. But even if you throw for 300 and you turn the ball over twice, it's probably gonna get you because especially the farther you go. Because the farther you go in the postseason, the better the teams are. Yeah. And, and you pay double for turnovers in the postseason. That pressure build up. That pressure bills up. 'cause You know it ain't no tomorrow you go out there making the mistakes. Yeah. But looking at this secondary, this secondary is good. I mean it's very comparable to what they got in, what they got in Philly.


In Philly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yep. They gonna be able to compete with the best. Yeah. They gonna be able to compete with the best. It's gonna be a fun Dallas star cornerback. Trayvon Digs said that the Cowboys will win the Super Bowl this season. This will be our year Joe. I show Hopey the young, I show hope he right boy I show OB. Right. Is he gonna be able to, he got a injury. Is he gonna be able to come back and play this year? Yeah. What, what injury he got, but he had a injury. He missed time last year Joe? Yeah, from his A CLI think was his ACL?


Yeah. He had just came back from a CI think he'd be all now. Huh? That'd be a what a good year. Some change removed from that. Yeah, but he, he's aiming for week one. But he had it, it was, it was significant damage though. So he's a, he's gonna say he's aiming for week one. They normally cowboys do a great job of kind of erring on the side of caution man. Before he got that injury, before he got that first injury, he was, he was special. He couldn't now look, couldn't, he's a feast of famine guy, Joe. Now he gonna get you now if you don't double move him and you just let him sit back. Oh he gonna get you now. And he, because he went to college as a wide receiver coach, Saban moved him to defensive back. So he, so he got the receiver hands?


Yeah. As a db. Yeah. Look, I sure hope he right. If we Hey he not, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. He not. Come on now. Hey look, I I, I like the confidence he leading with. Okay. You do realize that in order for them to get to the Super Bowl, they gotta go through the Eagles. Right. Detroit, green Bay, San Fran. We just gotta, hey, we just gotta be better than them for one, for one game. Y'all ain't been better. Nobody for a lot of games last year. Remember we gotta, we trying to move forward. We can't continue. Okay. We look, we can't, we can't continue to backtrack and talk.


We just gotta, we gotta move forward. Hey, hey and, and, and hope for the best. All right. So I, I, I like, I like how he think and I love his confidence and hopefully what if Micah ain't did y'all ain't signed Michael yet? Y'all ain't gave Micah his money. Come on. You know we gonna get that man his money. He gonna get his money. Why y'all gotta wait till the last minute? Why y'all wait till the last minute man, y'all know you knew the prom. Why do you knew the prom? You knew you were junior or you a senior and you knew you going, you wanted to go to the prom. Why you wait the week of the prom to go get, try to get a tux. Listen, listen y'all, now you gotta go down there with Ducktails. You know how, You know how Jerry Jones operate. He gonna pay him. He gonna pay, he ain't gonna have no choice.


He gotta pay him. He got no choice. And he want more money than Miles. Garrett m Yard, chin chain. He said I won. He gonna walk 42, 43, 44 per he gonna get it, huh? Yeah, he gonna get it. He just, we just need him to stay in shape. Won't need him to miss no no camp. We don't need to miss none of that. I hate when them dudes be missing camp. 'cause 'cause You know coming into camp if you miss camp and then you come back the week we play, man come on. It, it, it ain't gonna be pretty, You know it ain't gonna be pretty. We need you out there on that field baby with the squad.


Yeah, but hopefully Trayvon is healing up Good. And he'll be, You know, he's aiming for week one and we'll see how that turns out. New coach, new coach, new defense. So it's gonna be interesting. Yeah, we need Adrian Peterson got into a scuffle at, with a poker player following dispute over her hand. We got the video. Oh Snap. That man must have had some cars. He must have been sitting under some cars I'm talking about.


And I guess they, they, they were good friends. They known friends, they've been friends for a while so, and they just letting, they just letting the may like Oh man, damn man, he wailing on him man. What, what, what that about? Huh? Hey somebody, that teenager I read, I read a little bit about it and, and Adrian Peterson say, You know we've been friends, it's kinda like brothers, You know, hey nah I hate that it happened. It is what it is. And we moved on. We cool now.


Oh no we not cool. Yo, your brother ain't fighting like that in, in public. Nah, nah, nah, nah. And and guess what? We can't be cool like that. You sling swinging on me like that. You hear me? Yeah. Yeah. I gotta, I gotta get my back some, some somebody was up in there cheating. Somebody had, see man had to be sitting on some cards or something. They playing poker. Right. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. It be for somebody to be, for you to go at your mans like that. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. I don't call letting no friend if somebody, somebody done lost a couple hands, somebody done lost their ass. Yo. There we go. There we go. There you go. You already don't nothing. You get you fired up. Hey you catch a bad beat joke. Best ride to get hit that turn on, hit that thing on the river.


Ooh man. Fight a old fight. Yeah, look, I'm telling you man, I used to, every, every year I used to bring my family here to Atlanta and she about 15, 20 of us in here and we, and we play poker, we play spades domino. And I, I beat, dang I'm talking about my momma. My momma got four brothers. She the only girl. Yeah, she was the only girl. Man. It was a fight every year. I ain't gonna even lie to you. My uncles was fighting. Yeah, they fight. Yeah they was gonna fight. Oh. Some cheating boy. I'm talking about we be sitting there. Oh yeah, we playing poker spade.


It's so it's gonna be some, it's gonna be some, some, some real tough talking and that's gonna lead to a little tussle. So my grandma had to come down here and get on the May. Hey what? Yeah, yeah. Hey, hey beat me, don't cheat me. Hey that cheat. Hey man, look here babe. That's what I tell people all the time people think it's a joke. I say man, money outta side cause a fight man. I'm telling you. It, it, it don't gotta be the and and they and you like man bro y'all fighting with $2. It ain't the, it ain't, it's the principle of the matter. You gotta understand bro. Yeah. For them $2, $5, that's hard earned money and yeah somebody will knock your block off for $2.


Man, listen, I I I had to stop a fight over here in my house over $20 man. Man, about to pull a gun out. Yeah. I can't make it up over $20. He thought of man he cheated him over $20 man he ready, he ready to pull that thing on him man. You know you can't cut the down. You got that, you got that strap on. You got to aid leave that the truck cut the first cut because sometimes Joe you get so mad you'll react so quick and you beat up pop somebody you like can't take it back. Can't take it back. Nah bro, it's around. Yeah. But in college man cheat on man they used to cheat y'all man you cheating, you reneg, you bro.


It's cars sit down who care Ain't no money at stake. You just, man look, it's something, it's something about us man. And don't get to drinking, You know, and anytime alcohol and Bob Joe gonna be a lot of tough talking that's gonna lead to some tough Yeah that's what what Yeah what you go. Yeah, yeah you're right. The alcohol bring all that tough talking out. So look. Yeah. And then next thing You know it's a big fight so I Yeah, yeah you right, you put, you put that alcohol mixed in with that gambling mad. I, hey, that's why I hate man. I hate it when the weekend come when I was in college.


Bad job. Hey, hey look, 'cause I'm, it was, it was one thing if you had to go to, You know somebody got a, You know have a keg party. It is one thing to go get 'em and they fighting somebody else. But You know when it's your teammates and You know how much testosterone guys got and guys don't wanna let Ish go because You know whoever lose Oh. Oh when you come to stretch stretching and, and I would get, and I'm in the line and you come out there with your eye closed. Oh I boy I'm a oh we gotta go here. Oh. Going into the cafeteria. Oh man. Hey, on that bus ride.


Oh boy we not letting that go. Hey but it, and look I hung out with football players. I was in college so I know boy. Hey look, it don't take much for y'all to, to, to get y'all wrapped. Don't take much at all. You, you go to one of them cute dogg parties and one of 'em capital parties. Man listen, you already know. And that's what I tell. I said bro, bro why y'all go and that's what, You know the guy, they didn't wanna invite the football players because if it's they got a keg, the football player gonna take it. And what you going do what I mean what you gonna do? They, they come back. We ain't, hey we ain't got no money. So the next thing I know they got a keg. Where man, you get that from man, we took it out such as I said, oh lord, I man we gotta, dude man we had a dude, I ain't gonna call his name, I, I feel so bad for him.


They stole a keg but they didn't have the spout to to to pump it up. Yeah. To to, to stick the, You know, to stick it down in there and saw it to come out. He looked around, he went to his car, he got a tire iron. He said man I'm gonna bust it over and we take the cans up out of it. They say fool if you hit that with that tire, that thing going to explode and kill all of us. He actually found cans inside of it. Man. I said bro, I mean but Joe I hated like, 'cause when them jokes was like, You know we called ourselves, we called ourselves tfi.


So if anybody came back, hey tfi, tfi about to squabble don't even matter. Put your stuff on. Hit the dunk. Don't, don't Boy we hey 'cause we could shut down anything, any party and who else didn't matter? But I was like bro come on. Why bro? Because see I'm the, see everybody knew who I was. I said y'all get to go around through the city. I'm all outta the city. I'm all over there walk lk, You know what I'm saying? I'm all over the south. I rolling. They know me. I got a ZI got a white Mercedes. I said bro y'all put me in this bro. Y'all well y'all don't go nowhere.


I'm, I'm out and about now y'all. They catch me slip be hell out a beef for some bull job. Y'all did. Said come on y'all. Hey, hey listen, lemme tell you something. The football guys always, always was fighting. Huh? They were. That's what they couldn't drink if you see anything even because they were drinking that cheap liquor, they were drinking that ever clear. Ooh. They get on that, they get on that hunch punch. Man listen. Yeah, they go to the store so they come back, they got two bunches of bananas. They got grapes, they got strawberries, they got oranges. So I'm like what the who buy? I'm like what the hell y'all buying that now they got this big old tongue, they mix all them liquor together.


Yeah, no talking about boy you talking about something good man. That bitch on that ever clean ever club hundred, 8,090 proof Joe. You go by the room, them nigga staring out the window. You okay? They go come through you traumatized. Come on dude. Can't wait for somebody to say something to 'em so they can pop off. I already know if I see them lead leave the dorm at 10 30, 11 with their shirt off, it's Oh yeah, I put my stuff, I put my clothes back on 'cause I know I got to go get somebody who leaves the dorm 10 30, 11 o'clock with they shirt off. They already sweating.


You already know it. You know what it is. They looking for that action they do bro. I say come on man, damn can y can one weekend y'all just go to the party and just have a good time. Just be normal. No, that ain't happening now. Now when you mix that alcohol in there, you put that alcohol in there. It is. That, that, that's called that liquid courage. You already know we the first, the first person say something to me. It is all tee it off. Yeah. I say Lord have mercy. I it just trying to talk to somebody girl bro, You know she got a man and You know first of all the campus only so big. You see him walking, he holding her hand, got her books. You see him eating together in the cafeteria and all of a sudden they're at a party because you don't see him.


You feel that's man hey look, look, look, look, that's, that's mainly how it pop off. Yeah. So I'm dealing with a female because look in Fayetteville we had this little spot on the campus called Look Africa. That's where all the black, all the black people hung out at you. Yeah, I, I counted with the name Little Africa. I'm kind of feeling that's y'all. It's gonna be a bunch of us. Okay. You, you miss class, you miss class hanging on Little Africa used to be jumping. It used to be jumping but man, listen, you'll see girls who you ain't, who you, who you really don't never see. You know what I mean? Right. And yeah they got a boyfriend. Maybe they ain't told you but you steady on her road, steady trying to come to her.


Yeah. And word get back now. Next thing You know, once you see him at a party, you already know this is about. Yeah. And then, and bro, if, if you see the girl standing and she talking with somebody, how you gonna go, okay this the female, this the guy and they talking. How you gonna go squeeze in there and you talking to her? You got your back to hip. What you Hey, hey that's the alcohol. They, I said bro, man sharp man. A dude dude swung on me bro. So what did you expect him to do? You walk him, you see them talking, You know that's his girl and you gonna go turn your back on him and talk. Hey. Yeah.


Hey look, look, You know, You know y'all be rude man. Them football players be rude. They do Jo Joe. I mean I, I look, I went to one party in four years. I was in my room. I just already know when they sharp, sharp such and such because look, a lot of 'em was kudos anyway. Oh. But here's the thing though, Joe, I who you look, if you in a fraternity and tfi the football team, you better choose wisely. Oh. I'm telling you, you Oh you oh be with your friend. I ain't got no problem with that. That my, that's my brothers. Yeah, you went to Qs, you went to K you went to the Alphas? Yeah you went to Sigmas.


I don't care. But you best believe it now. You there. And once we thought you there, we gonna tear your ass up too. Hey, don't, don't play now. Hey, it's too many of y'all. It's too many of y'all. And look, we, hey it could be, it could be 15 of them. We ain't even about five or six man. We ain't even about five or six Joe. Yeah, but I, I'm always the voice of reason. I'm always Come on guy bro. Look man, hey You know them bro. My bad. He, he ain't know it was dark. He ain't know that was your girl. My bad. I'm lying my ass off. He knew. Yeah, he been talking about man that old girl been hollering Lord hell, mercy. You know what I'm saying Joe.


You know what I'm saying? Hey that old girl back. I said bro You know she got a girl. I mean a boy man, I ain't got nothing to do with me. Right, right. But it do. Why you still trying to talk man? Man trying to hear that he feel like this is chance. And then boy, like you say Joe, them jokes will start that thing. Don't let us get work study. Oh we get that work study check on Friday. Cutting up. Heck a damn boo. Hey look, I I hung out with some of 'em man. I I knew right away. I said oh yeah, yeah. I can't hang out with y'all too. No, boy, look, no way too chill for that. When you, when you, when you, when you you got people that's looking for stuff, stuff they go looking, they ain't looking to have a good time.


They looking to f some issue up. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's how it go. Hey but college is something else. This is some of the best years of my life. But boy listen, you learned a lot of lessons in college, boy. You learned a lot of lessons in college. Yeah, yeah. So I was like nah, I'm good bro. I'm I'm good with y'all. I can't, I can't hang out with y'all. I come get y'all and get y'all ass back to the door. But far as just hanging out with y'all and doing stuff. 'cause I already know y'all gonna be on some bull job and then ain't nobody, everybody know who I am. That's Sterling sharp little brother man that Shannon Sharpe, shell Sharp wasn't in no fight. Shell Sharp came to get them ends from fighting what your name gonna be in the mix B There go how you bitching my name?


First shout? Wasn't he bitch to fight? She showed up late to get a man Joe. We had used to have a thing the freshman, so it was the freshman against the upperclassmen. So like we would, we would jump on like we catch a senior, like we catch a senior or a junior by themselves. Man we beating them other down. So. So You know the thing is because we used to call, we call it roofing. Yeah. We gonna bring the high down on you. So we called it called about, we caught about six of them, about six of them seniors. It was about 15 freshmen.


Man we beat 'em down. You know we dumped them. Yeah. You know we did a oh a a, oh we gave a tour. Now You know we ain't, You know we ain't hit up in the paper but we to the body slammed their ass. Man. We had one guy named Leo. Leo was a freshman but Leo was like 26 years old. Yeah. So we strategizing. Okay, what we gonna do? Hey we catch such and such by themselves, we going roof. And so Leo older than everybody but he a freshman. So we asked Leo, Leo who you with? Leo? Say I'm by myself. I said Leo, I said Leo, you can't be by yourself.


You gotta be with somebody. Leo say no I don't, ain't none of them ends gonna bother me. I promise you. I say Leo, just team up. Say no I don't play like that because when I put these things on somebody, I'm gonna really put 'em on. Be the main ones. Hey, ain't nobody bother Leo. No nobody. Man. We had a dude, we had a dude. Man Joe dude was six three and I'm talking about Chisel when he cut. I mean he was like six three by 2 45, 2 50 cut outta granite, cut out a granite.


Didn't nobody play with him? No he bad. He, we was in the hall, he was in the hallway. He had a shirt off. He walked up, put his finger in his, in his face. The old boy face you soft and you ain't going to do nothing. I'm gonna turn my back on you. I'm gonna show everybody in the hallway that you ain't bought this life. Nah. And I wish somebody would touch me. I promise you. I told y'all he been selling them wolf tickets and I ain't buying out one of them.


Man, Joe, you right. That was some of the best times in college. But Savannah state Joe, you had to be real careful because guys would just shoot down the hallway and so we had those steel doors. So all of a sudden you got the bullets rookie, she off the steel doors. What you mean bullets? How the dude shoot down the hall? Man, come on. Come on man. What type of game these dude playing? Yo, I, hey I'm telling it was a different level down there Joe. A guy get mad like you be on the phone. 'cause we had community phones. Nobody had a phone in the room. Right. So you had what? We had to long haul and the short haul.


So you have a phone on the short haul, you had a phone on the long haul. So You know guys be trying to talk to their wi their girlfriend or their mom or something. Grandma. Yeah. And it'd be loud. Hey man, close your door. Turn you down. Close your door. I'm talking, I only got a couple more minutes. Help you. Yeah. So guess what, dude, get off the phone. Snatch the phone off the wall. Now we ain't got no now we ain't got no phone with Joe. He don't just snatch that one off. He go snatch the other one off. So both phones down. So now can't nobody get no calls. Oh man, we had, we had phones in our dorm so it was no, but boy it look like y'all were, that might have been borderline little prison y'all was in.


Oh Joe. Oh, and don't try to wash your clothes. Hey, wash your clothes. Can you see somebody put your eyes on shirt on. You see somebody with your, Hey man, get about man God. Hey, hey, when you shoe short? Yeah baby. You know that ish me. Hey, hey, when you wash your clothes, you gotta sit down there and wait for em to get, you gotta sit down and wash it and you gotta wash it the whole time. Yeah. Basically because you come down there, somebody been took your stuff outta there and put the ass in in there. Absolute. Now you don't see. Yeah, I know exactly what you talking about. Boy, college difference. They was, hey they was off the chain back in the day man. Now I think it's a lot more chilled now, but when I gotta Savannah State, boy we had some knuckleheads man.


We had the Ooh yeah. And see we had them athletic doing so it was all athletes. So You know, we got, you got two, three washing machines and drives somebody washing at all times. So if you ain't down 24 hours a day. Yeah. So you, I'm talking about two in the morning, it's gonna be somebody down there washing clothes. So if you ain't washing, if you ain't down there washing your clothes, boy they gonna be sitting on the floor somewhere. Yep. App Joe. And the thing was, think about it, we, so we had all the football players, all the basketball players and a few baseball players. Peacock Hall was the a was the athlete's dorm. Yeah bro. So basically we had three floors.


You got a washer and dryer, two washers, two dryers per floor. Yeah. I wish you would take your eyes off there man. It is. I was like man, and then my brother, my brother, yo. So I had gone to University of South Carolina where they got phones in their room. They got like seven, eight washers and dryers and stuff. My brother looked at me and said, man, y'all live like this. Like yeah, but we be clean going to class Joe. They go to class in Sweatsuits, man we got Stars jeans, we got Zod, we got p You know we got a, a Polo. Yeah man, hey we got dark side.


I mean we dressed to the nine. Yeah. My brother said, man, y'all go to class like I said every day. Yeah man, we had dudes go to class every day with they shirt tucked in. Huh? Oh yeah, we would like that. Yeah. Yeah. Shadur Sanders had picked up a pair of speeding tickets this month. Video of the second incident had emerged. The officer said that the ticket for Shado was given that he had speed in excess of a hundred miles per hour when he was going 41 miles over the speed limit. This has much been discussed on whether it is fair to criticize Shado for speeding when no other rookie traffic citation are being published.


Look, it's hard for me to beat because Joe, I got stopped. I wasn't, I was, I was a rookie. I think I was like, in my third year I got stopped going 108 in the 60. Yeah. And I got stopped in 92. So I got two tickets in about of 10 minutes. So speeding. I get it. You know, young guy, he probably, I don't know what, what kind of car he had a, a color what truck? So, You know, man, You know, it's something about speed and, and, and young people, You know, you got a heavy, you got a lead foot. You know, I I I got a lead foot look I was playing here in Atlanta and them chart them, them challenges had just came out.


Yeah. And I had one, Jeff Teague had one, Josh Smith had one. So we get back, we get back to Atlanta one night off the road about two in the morning. We're on 2 85, 10 rolled up. We're on 2 85, 10 up. Man. I'm the only one get pulled over. They did you? Huh? How fast were you going? We, we all was over a hundred. Woo. Because You know, I think in Georgia, if you going over a hundred or 30, 30 miles over the speed limit, it normally take your ass to jail. Yeah. But I look, You know, I had a, I had a black police officer pull me over and You know, he knew who I was.


He gave me some grace. He gave me some grace. Okay. I, I was very respectful. Now they kept on going so they, You know, they got away. I, he, he pulled, he, he got behind me, pulled them lock seat. Dang. I went on and pulled over. Look, one thing we ain't Finn to do had no high speed out here. He ain't finna Oh down here. Ima pull over, I pull over because it, it is late at night and that it's already, I mean, the faster you go it looks like, I mean, You know, I driven so fast. I mean the, the checks look like a single line. I mean you passing everything so quick on. It was two in the morning. It wasn't no it wasn't nobody on the free. I'm talking about we were, I'm talking about hot tailing down through there. You hear me? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. So I know, I know.


You know, being young, having a lot of money and fast cars, you gonna test it out from time to time. But you gotta realize you Sha Sanders. Yep. You know what comes with that last name. You know who your father is. So the things that you do will probably get criticized, scrutinized a little bit more than another 21, 22, 20 3-year-old would, and his last name isn't Sanders, his last name. Isn't he, his father isn't Coach Prime, You know? Okay. Okay. Now, now you got two in a month. You should be good. You, you gotta, you gotta change. You gotta change that now you gotta change that.


Once I got those tickets, You know, I, it, it changed because I think the thing was is my brother said, bro, look, I understand, You know you young and X, y and z. I said, but he's like, bro, if that tie blows it's over. I say, and, and then what granny, You know, you ba basically, You know you just killed your granite. Yeah. So I, I took that and so, You know, I I I had to slow it down. I had to slow it down. I mean you got, I got two tickets and one at 108 and another at 92 in a span of 10 minutes. Like okay because you don't, you, you don't think about the worst that could possibly happen. Not at that time. Not at that time. Nope. You know what I mean? You, you flowing that thing.


Hey, I know I done been there man, I done been there, but you're right. The boy tie, blow out. Something happen. And, and that's normally, You know, you see guys have these tragic accidents to where, You know, you, you, you end up hitting somebody and it's a fatal car accident and that's the one thing you do not want. No. You know what I mean? And that's, and that's why I started thinking Joe, I wouldn't want someone to give my grandmother, my mother, my mother that news. I damn sure don't wanna be the reason somebody else gotta give somebody else mom or grandmother news or a husband or wife or whatever the case may be. I didn't want that on my conscience. Nah. Hey look and as you get older you become a lot wiser 'cause boy look, you you do, you can't pay me to do that now you Right.


The internet did what the internet does and found that in 12 30 0 7 LeBron James 23 was cited for going 101 by law enforcement. Shadur Sanders age 23 was cited going 101 by law enforcement. Look like Shadu is destined to become the goat. The greatness is funny man, boy, I part the internet, boy, y'all hey, hey, hey. They come up with anything. Make it sound good what they are look like he destined for greatness. Man. I'm glad I'm, I'm glad they wouldn't the internet ride without the college at all. The reckless stuff and the foolishness because You know what I'm saying? You like you said Joe, you don't think anything can happen to you. You don't, you Think you, and and that's a part of it 'cause a lot of us is that we we're athletes and that's what makes us who we are.


Yeah. The belief that we can do things that other people can't. The belief that what happens to someone that's not an athlete or a normal civilian that can't possibly happen to us. We're invincible. Man. Listen, when I was in college, I had got pulled over, I got a ticket and just irresponsible. Didn't tell my mama then just threw that thing in the glove apartment. Next thing You know I got a court date that I done missed and You know what's next or they got a bench warrant for you. They coming to get you failure to appear. I get pulled over again straight to the jail. You go Look, look, look, I give him my, I give him my driver's license and he go back to the car, he run.


I'm like damn, what's taking this man so long? He come back out, he got his handcuffs out. I'm like damn the hell he got his handcuffs out for me. He say, he say Mrs. Johnson, well You know you gotta failure to appear. I man pull me in cuffs took me downtown. Damn. Yeah. Took me downtown. I had to call a couple of my teammates. They had the piece up. I think it was like, I think it was like, like 200 something dollars to get me out. Yeah, yeah, yeah man, you gotta be responsible. I know. I done been. You got to. Alright Joe, we gonna get outta here on this one. The out is time for q and a.


Quentin May said Happy Juneteenth brothers and sisters. Happy Juneteenth to you. My brother TCIs two 15 at the Pacers win is Pascal aka finals. MVP. Yeah. Yeah. If they win, damn. Yeah. Oh my God. No rush 75 Unc and iso. I lied. Big moments. Halle is back. You know what's crazy to me though? It's like, man, I don't understand how he could, how he could have a game five like that and then bounce back and I mean you Yeah, I I don't either like, I, I don't understand that like it didn't look like his calf bothered him at all.


At all. He wasn't limited to no movement. Like he looked, he looked like the normal hallett. He did, he absolutely did. The DAF Smith said whoever lose this series, it will be heartbreaking. Mm. There will never be a better opportunity than this season to win with the talent in the league and the teams in the west. You might not get back. Good point. It's gonna be heartbreaking if OKC lose, if they lose, they gonna lose on they home floor game seven. I done played in a few games with the MVP. Yeah. And a 68 on 68 win team. That's gonna be heartbreaking. I think if, if Indiana loses, I mean obviously it's gonna be heartbreaking, but it's gonna be, You know, a lot of people probably gonna expect it.


You know what I mean? Sir P had Dream 1 0 1 matchup, grant Hill pre injuries versus LeBron first three years version. Who y'all got y'all. You gotta realize LeBron at year three was probably 22. I'm going, you got Grant. Grant was a full grown man. Grant came out. Grant stayed the four years of college. I love Grant Hill, but I'm going LeBron James, man. Even even at that ripe young age. Yeah. I played against him. His rookie year was my third year in the NBA and we played against him his second game of his career after he played in Sacramento. He came to Phoenix. Yeah. Played against us. Like he, I think he, I think he had like 22 or 23 that game.


But to be 19 years old, what was he, 18, 19 playing against grown men and looking off the ball out there because this body was already, You know, he'd been jealous since he came in. Yep. He came in the NBA and he just looked so poised and patient like he never rushed anything. And they had him playing like point guard that first year, huh? Right. Yeah. So he was, he was like a cheat cold, like that boy, that boy been special, but I told people before that injury when Grant Hill got that injury and he tried to play on that ankle. That's right. It changed the trajectory of his career. He was never the same player, but man, pre-injury Grant Hill, he could do it all. Yeah. He didn't have he, Hey look, he didn't have no weaknesses.


Nope. And offensively he could rebound, he could handle the ball, he could score the basketball, he could play defense and he was a complete player then. Can you imagine him and Tracy McGrady playing together in Orlando and he was healthy. It, it had been man, Dr. Frank l Bellamy said, Hey fm, take your pick. Enter the dragon with Bruce Lee or the last dragon. Who would Leroy Green. Ah, sure enough. Who's the master now I gotta go with Sure. NI gotta go. Hey, sure.


N was something else. Sure enough was something else. I, I remember that like it was yesterday, man. Bruce Leroy. Yeah. Yeah. Where is Leroy gre? You mean Junior? Yeah, junior. That's a classic. Hey, that's a classic. Every time I see it though, I watch a joke. That's your dumb hand of Fame. You converse on, Hey, he was a bad boy. Hey King ran 22, said, Hey iso, can you wish me a happy birthday? I turned 23 today. King Grant, king Red. Happy birthday, bro. Happy birthday bro. Hopefully you had a, a great day turning 23.


Hopefully you did something fun, got an opportunity to go out, celebrate with family, friends, loved one. Maybe you got a girl, you got an opportunity to celebrate with her. Right? But happy birthday bro. Many, many more to come. Yes sir. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. We have a game seven ladies and gentlemen, thanks to a 1 0 8 91 Victory by the Pacers over OKC or a chance to an immor NBA immortality. Ooh, who will win game seven? The Pacers say, You know what, you're not celebrating on our home court. I'm sure they got a lot of confidence going in because they did win game one on their home court. But it's gonna take a great effort. They're gonna have to weather the storm early because You know what happens?


OKC normally gets Sonia and gets that crowd into it and it's a lot. It's, it's tough to overcome, but it's gonna be very interesting to see and I'm glad we got a game. Seven woo on Sunday. Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharpe, and number three was number two. Tonight filling in Little Rock, Arkansas native, the universe of Arkansas alum Big 3M VP, iso Joe Johnson. Joe, great job. Thanks for Joe filling in for ocho. Man, we really appreciate this. No problem. Thank you. Uncle, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button. And guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


Wanna thank each and every one of you that's tuned in tonight that supported us from day one. We can't thank you enough because all the awards that you see behind us is because of you. All the things that we've been able to accomplish thus far. It's because of you and because of your eyes, your ears, and your word of mouth, we can't do it without you. So thank you very much for your support and your continued support. Please make sure you check out Shade by La Portier. We do have it in stock now. If you can't find it in a city or a state near you, order it. We have it. Guess what? We're coming to a city or a state near you. But please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out.


That link is in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Guys, we're off tomorrow. We're back on Saturday. OCHO will be back in the chair along with Ricky Williams and Jim Jones. So OCHO is back on Saturday. Ricky Williams and Jim Jones. Stop by. So, and Ocho will be live after game seven on Sunday, so no, Joe will be back live with us on game seven after Sunday. So it'll be Ocho. Joe and I live after the game. Game seven. We're gonna have a winner. We're gonna crown a new NBH Champ. Yeah, champ Sunday it will it be the Pacers, will it be OKC?


Thank you guys for joining us. Appreciate that, Joe. We'll see you on Saturday. Yes, please be live. The volume.


Hi, I'm Sarah Spain, host of Good Game with Sarah Spain and the co-author of the new book Runs in the Family, an incredible true story of football, fatherhood and belonging, written with and about Las Vegas Raiders, running Backs, coach Delan McCullough. It's the story of a football coach and father of four who sees his life forever changed by the unsealing of his adoption records. And it's got a twist you won't believe based on the viral ESPN story I did a few years ago. This book will blow your mind and bring you to Tears by Runs in the family, wherever books are sold.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is an iHeart podcast.