
Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments. And shipping is always free with Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care. The Volume, Thanks.


One of the two most interesting games today, and this is the game to chat them begging us to talk about the Lakers. Lose a close win at damn Minnesota. Damn. They have a 12 point, I mean a 10 point league going into the fourth quarter. But Ant man went berserk. He scored 16 of his game high, 43 points as they outscored the Lakers. 32 to 13, Lakers 32 to 19, excuse me, the Lakers shot just five of 18 in the fourth, including three or nine in the last five minutes. LeBron legs, I text Ash this and I text this early. I said, it looks like JJs gonna roll with these guys. The entire second half. I said, you talking about 46 minutes for LeBron on 40-year-old legs.


You're talking about Luca 45 and a half minutes. You're talking about Rui and and doe and ar. I said that's a lot of, that's a lot of wear and tear. I said, it's gonna be very, very interesting if this game come down to the last 3, 4, 5 minutes. It's gonna be very interesting if the Lakers can hold up and you see LeBron took two shots in the fourth quarter. He had zero points in the fourth quarter. He's exhausted. I think it's the first time in what, 20 years that the nobody subbed for the Lakers in the second half of a ball game. Everybody that started the game played 24 minutes of a possible 24 minutes. And now I'm concerned because I don't know how the Lakers play better.


You got 23 points on nine or 16 shooting from Roy. Five or 10, 23 points. You got LeBron 27 points of 15 or 18 from the free throw line. He had 27, 12 8, 3, still three block. Okay, you got Luca played, gave you 38, 7 to seven from the free throw line. You only had one rebound to assist. They turned him into a score. You could live with that. I just don't want him to get 38 and 12 and the si total him, you got ar he scored, he only scored 17, but he got all of those in the second half. The bench gave him six points. And I think that was the difference in the ball game because their bench gave you 20 points. Nas Reed gave you 12 points.


Divin Zo gave you eight points and Nak kill Alexander Walker gave you 6.5 points. But it was Ad Man and Jew Randall that really was, and Jane, Jane Daniels been McDaniels been playing. Unbelievable. I don't know where this guy came from, but he's been sensational in the postseason. Mm, well Ant man did what a superstar supposed to do GP and take care. Well Shannon, Shannon Daniels is a, is a, is a, a defensive stopper. Yeah, he plays like that. But he gives you more. I'm a, I'm a, I'm gonna compare Daniels to my son. They give you everything they have to do to win basketball games. Not just deepness. When they start scoring and they do special stuff, their team is going to win.


We're gonna go back to that. Chad, listen what I'm saying. We gonna go back to what, what, what channel you say, why do you think Minnesota won? First of all, the Lakers can't play defense. They don't have no defense at all. You feel me? Yeah. That that, that's just a bad thing. And they need big to protect the rim. Once they get beaten they don't have that. Absolutely. So now what happened was is that Atman got got busy. So let me tell you about this. What should you do about a guy who gets hot dumbly, get the ball out his hand and make somebody else be special. But what, You know what they did? Minnesota got other people to come off the bitch and be special and make shots. See that?


That's, that's a difference. I was at my son's game them last night and they were beating the curry for a long time. I kept saying get him off the ball, stop having him be on the ball so they can dump him every time. And then they finally listened and started getting him at the bottom and he started coming off picks. But when they started doubling him and all of a sudden who started getting busy? My son and other people and they beat them. You know what I'm saying? You have to have a, a, a, a, a cast to support you. That's what the game is about. It ain't about superstars now, now when this plans come, it ain't about superstars.


It's about who going support my superstar to get me to win basketball games. And the teams who are winning now, parts of that got a cast that support the supporting cast their superstars. So when they superstars get the start going reason why Edwards got busy today 'cause he was one-on-one everybody. And ain't nobody gonna stop him one on one. If you start doubling on him and doubling him and everybody else and not making socks, you're not gonna win games. It's not gonna happen. So when you start doing that, what's it gonna do? And my superstar passing, playing, passing the ball and my other supporters start making buckets.


Then what the what the coaches gonna start saying, man don't leave him, don't leave him. We can't do it. But when you are a superstar, go one-on-one. It's hard to guard a superstar one-on-one. Ain't nobody ain't gonna guard nobody and stop nobody one-on-one isn't like with you Chad and with you Chad, and, and they got single copper on y'all. I mean y'all getting y that that, that, that's just like fish grease. Y'all that I mean like going out there and picking something. Who I kill y'all every time I see y'all one-on-one, I'm gonna get everything on y'all. So then y'all gotta get double who we gonna go to next. We gonna go man and we gonna start killing them. That's how the game goes.


And if you don't have a important, it's not gonna work, it's not gonna work in this league right now because these dudes are too athletic and they, they can get it. So that's who are winning games now because they're athletic and they, and they and they not make, they're making shots and our superstars don't have to work as hard as they do. Very. Yeah. Hey, when I and gp, when I looked out the next game, obviously watching the Lakers play with, with Luca having a a good game and then doing what he did, LeBron doing what he did early in the game and they had contributions from everybody else. Obviously the bench didn't score and support the top, the big three, their big three A as as you so want to call it in in a sense.


But the wolves having 20 off the bench and then having goddamn Aman go crazy at night with 43, You know, nine and six. You know that's what he's supposed to do. And unc you can't say or have a reason we we, we know LeBron is 40, You know, we understand that he's still playing the game, especially in a time like this. It ain't no time to come out. Yeah, it ain't no you, you can't come out, you got to play the whole game. But you have to contribute more in that time, in crunch time in order for your team to win. You got to legs tired, legs feeling good. It don't matter that that, that's just what it is. So. Well what Chad, Chad, they don't do nothing anyway.


They don't practice, they don't do nothing. They ain't tired. You know what I'm saying? And what I tell y'all is, is he might be 40 but he's still doing what he do in this league. When you do what you do in this league and don't get no support and everybody keep focusing on you and beating you down, you are going to get tight. Yes. You ain't got no support from nobody who making shots to free me up. Then that's going to happen. Both of 'em gonna have 38, 27 or whatever they want to, but at the end, if ain't nobody doing nothing but us two, all we gotta do is focus on you two. And then what's gonna happen? You two ain't the my other people ain't doing no cash.


You see Minnesota right, came off the bench and had support. So when it got time for the crucial Todd, you can't go and double Edwards because I'm worried about these dudes off the bench. Worried about you Junior. Randall worried about Nas Reed. I'm McDaniels, I'm worried about even Zo and, and Reed made a big three at the end. Two, three minute, two of them you right and busted him. So now am I worried about him? Yes. Right. I'm worried about him. So I can't go and say no I ain't gonna try to guard him because he gonna make shots. So that's freed up everybody. And with LeBron and Luca you can't say that it ain't gonna work like that.


We just go and double them and hope that when they go to this other player, he gonna miss shots. And what did the Lakers do? They Smith shops. LeBron had more points in the first Quar in the fourth quarter. Luca had one rebound to assist. It's his fewest rebounds and assist ever in a playoff game. The bench Nas Reed had an nas, Reed had 12, Dizel had six Lakers, excuse me, divin, CZO had eight and the Lakers had six. And so it seems to me that they were like, You know what, we are content, we are gonna make you, we'll let you score, but what we're not gonna do is let you get 38 and eight assists, 38 and 10 assists because now the others are involved.


And so look and, and that played right into their hands. You see? And you look at a man, what did a man have today? A man Aman had 43 and six assists. You see he got others involved, right? The, you see assist people like, well why he didn't have no assist. Well I would've had a, I would've had a double digits in a assist if God could have made shots. Luther, yeah, smoked two layups. LeBron smoked the layup. Officer Reeve smoked the layup. When you playing a team like this, you have to cash in on every opportunity. Every opportunity. And then Chad and Shannon, we let, let's, let's make another case for this. Look at the Denver game yesterday against the clips.


You, you, you seen the joker he was killing, right? Yeah. They all tried to go and go at him on the last second 99 9. He go and take a fade away. Three, they worried about him. Everybody worried about him and then the airone and who make the, who make the final dunk to win the game? Aren Gordon. Okay. Aren Gordon. So that's what I'm trying to tell y'all. Y'all, we gotta understand that other role players gotta beat that type of guy man. With this, with this Denver stuff. That's what it is. And he wind up with what, 30 something, 20 something bounds to 8, 9, 6, man two. Yeah, he had like 36, 36, 21 and eight. Yeah. And that's what it's all about.


Your role players have to be with you in this day of era in this basketball game to win basketball game. Check this stat out. Check gp, check this stat out. Nas Reed in the fourth court in this series has 26 points. He's nine of 10 from the field goal in field goal, he's six or six from three in clutch. The last five minutes of the ball game. Ocho the game with this within five points. That's what they consider clutch time, right? He's six or six from the three in clutch situation, he's nine of 10 for the floor with 26 points. I mean you talk, you talk about Jordan, you talk about Kobe, whomever, they've never been like this.


You talking about a guy that's pissed, one shot, he's perfect from the three and, and and, and that's, that's crazy what we were talking about Ocho here man, these type of dudes you have to have on your team. You remember, you remember the Lakers had Robert Horry who did the same thing they day, You know what I'm saying? When you have big shot of the big shot box, big shot at the big shot at the big shot, you want a guy. And I tell people as I coach now in junior college, I said you wanna be on the flow with six minutes. You the closer you the closer I want you to make big shots for when him and Reid, what was he last year?


Six men of the year. Yep. You feel what I'm saying? He coming in and making these big time shots and that's what you want from these dudes and that's where you gonna win championships. That's the only way you gonna win championships in this NBA. Okay, well listen, now that we got, we got all that good stuff out the way, let's talk about the meat and potatoes of the series and what's going on right now. The Lakers are down three one and in gp, GP you could probably attest to this and have a better answer, but I'm sure unc you probably know as well being that your knowledge and, and, and and and acumen of the game of basketball is good. Do you see any scenario at all? Any type of magical situation? They going seven though though.


Come back GICG shaking his head. They going seven. Oh wait, wait, wait, wait. So you still feel there's a possibility that the laings go back down? Shannon, stop it. Me, you can better dinner on this that let run it. I run it, run it anywhere you wanna go, man. I get it. I'm with that. No way. That's it. Gonna beat them three in a row. Ain't no way going seven games. No they're not. They're not. Guess what? We gotta see the, see the problem that, the problem that JJ ran into is that LeBron had just played 38 40 minutes a night ago and then you follow that up.


Now the best thing about this, they don't play again till Wednesday. So LeBron, get an extra day. Luca get an extra day. We got this, we gonna go back to Minnesota. We gonna get that one. Hold on, hold on hold. Huh? So, so are we, are we saying the fact that that they're losing is because their leg? No, no, no. I'm saying no, no, no, no, that's 15th. But I'm saying Ocho, when you play, just imagine how your legs feel. Just imagine if you had to play a football game on Monday and then you gotta play another one on Wednesday. Not Thursday, Monday, Wednesday. Yeah, I'd be good. Be good. I'm about, yeah you would. I dunno about nobody else would be good at 40 playing a wide receiver. Yeah, I Think you would. I Think you wouldn't. Yeah. Yeah, I'd be good. Hold on.


We talk about at 40 is different though. Think you gotta see our mentality is different than that though. You, you can't compare them kids to us. You know what I'm saying? Our mentality, you can have a mentality all you want to that body. No, the mind willing, the body just ain't able to get up and down. Well I'm go, I'm gonna go and get a, I'm gonna go and get a jacuzzi, I'm gonna kick it, I'm gonna get my legs right. I ain't going to practice, I ain't doing none of that. I'm gonna go, I'm gonna come back and give you 50. I'm telling you right now. And first of all, these dudes got a lot, but you gotta understand they lost in la they lost in LA, Minnesota went minute and and and defended home. It's gonna be hard for you to beat them.


They gonna go to La Minnesota, la Minnesota ain't gonna lose at home. I'm, I'm we got, we we supposed, we actually, we supposed to have took two of them. We supposed to have took both of them got home, get we got this gp, we got that dental be okay, I got you. Hold on. Well wait, wait, hold on, hold on. When y'all, when y'all have a right. Yeah, when y'all have a bet and you talking about dinner bed, is there a certain amount? Is there a certain restaurant you can can't go work. Wanna go? Man, I Yeah, yeah, we got you. You I'm saying because I I'm confident on three one, they ain't coming back like that. They all, they be messed up. Hey, hey you now You know if anybody know how to come back from a three, one deficit gp?


Yeah. Are you with me? Oh yeah. Oh, oh yeah. Hey look here. Oh yeah, yeah. I'm saying but look at, I'm telling you I get it, but that ain't gonna happen. That ain't gonna happen. Look it Shannon, this ain't no mentality of us. I'm gonna tell you one time. Right. Ain't these dudes ain't cut like that, man, I don't care what the saying. Matter of fact ain't cut like us. Yeah, they ain't cut like, man, I'm a go man. We going bus them for three games, dude, these dude wanna go on vacation. Right. You understand? We ain going I I'm trying to here hol man look here they and I wanna make it sad.


I wanna make it sad man. You make itt make no bet. Oh, I went what? Oh, I'm saying, I'm saying I'm no, I'm, I'm I'm saying what for you because, because Santa say you can't make a bet because you already owe something what you already owe. Listen, listen, listen, listen. I'm doing, I'm doing right by him. I own 5,200. No you as long as I 15%. Okay. Wait. You not the bank. You can't ask, you can't that much. I ask you question, have James gone to the bank and borrowed money without paying interest on the money? Yeah. Yeah. Shannon, I ain't never borrowed nobody from the bank. We ghetto. You can't, you can't do it like man, we in in the market. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We do all that.


Yeah, let that go man. Let that I got go man. Put juice on. Get that 5,200 and it's rival with Hey gp, I gotta put a little juice on it. Yeah. Old I get you a bottle or something, something you don't understand me get you a dope or so something man. And let that go. I mean listen, I'm, I'm, Hey gp, I'm just trying to give him, I'm giving, I'm trying to give him a chance. Double buddy. If what I got, let, let double it play what told me I double nothing. Double nothing. Chad, nothing. Chad, Chad I gotta ghost shout it Mike. Just gimme 52. Yeah. Yeah. All that doubling. I can't let, I can't double and I, I done up to 50. How you gonna double? He he wanna double up my money. Yeah.


Hey bank, hey bank, I know I owe you, I know I owe you a couple hundred thousand, but let another hey double enough loan me another couple hundred M I'm I'm just saying listen, I'm, I'm giving opportunity. I'm gonna give you an opportunity to double your money so when I do pay you, you have more than what you was gonna get in the first that I hadn't got what I was supposed to be getting at the end of the season. The likelihood of me getting that double ain't happening either. Now I told you when I see you, I'm gonna pay you. That's all 59 80. You owe me 59 80 plus that 15%. Ooh, 59 it went to 52 to 59. Yep. I I don't let, Hey, in this economy, thank you. I beat my money in this economy. LeBron said time legs was not the cause of the misses. JJ Reddit became the first coach to play five players for an entire half in the playoffs.


JJ said on his starters playing the entire second half, it wasn't planned, but we just made the decision at halftime. Magic Johnson questioned the strategy. I'm just sick to my stomach that the Lakers lost this game after being in control. Most of the second half. I don't know if it's smart to play LeBron and Luca the entire second half after only having one day rest between game three and four. We needed LeBron to take over in the fourth quarter and he couldn't. He scored zero points in the fourth. I agree. I agree. The refs missed a trip. Luca got tripped. I mean that was a blatant trip. He doesn't fall on his own. We, we watched it. He gets tripped. So we should have been at the free throw line. Yes. Luca missed a smoked the layup that would've put 'em up.


Seven. They come down here to three. So now all of a sudden being up seven, you're only up two, two Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments. And shipping is always free with Dutch. You'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


You see, you see our momentum swing. LeBron missed the layup had a become out of time. I had a great curl set. Smoked that layup. Ar smoked the layup. It's just, look, I think it was LeBron is saying like he don't wanna make excuses. But gp, when you ask that man, the dude, the man had he let, he had more the most rebounds of anybody that touched the court today. He had the most assist of anybody that cut, touch, touch the court today. He had the most blocked shots. He had the most steal. Well, nah, divin Zo had the most steal. But you're talking about a 40-year-old been led in rebounds, lead in block shots, lead. And you are asking a four. Think about what you're asking.


A 40-year-old, a 40-year-old what you're asking him to do. And Shannon, I'm a I'm I'm a comment on that. We, we we own a a a freak of a nature type. Do I get it What you're saying about we ask you he's different. He's different. He's a lot different. I don't agree with him not getting no rest in the second half. I Think you resting for two or three, four minutes each quarter. Yeah. Resting for like two or three minutes and bring him back and do the same thing. But what I threw with jj, I'm gonna, I'm gonna go to JJ Reddy's defense. He was saying I can't lose this game. I'm gonna go with my player who I think gonna gimme something.


You know what I'm saying? He shouldn't have did that. You know, and timeouts don't cut it sometime it don't work. I would've gave him three to four minutes or five minutes every quarter. I would've did five minutes and then still controlled it. I get what magic is saying, You know what I'm saying? Give him his legs. I would've gave him third quarter. I would've said him five, six minutes and then played him the whole fourth quarter. You know what I'm saying? That's what I would've did. It was, it was a bad decision on his behalf. But I thinking what JJ is thinking as the first year he needed that. He gotta get this game, I gotta get this and and it didn't work out for him.


Now what? He's gonna go back, he's gonna reevaluate everything. He's gonna give him rest because they need this win in LA on Wednesday. And I think they gonna get the win on on LA on Wednesday. Oh, they gonna get it. They're gonna get it. But I'm just saying. Oh, so he should, he should have evaluated that a little bit different. I don't think it's legs and all that. I think he got tired and they went away from everything that they did to me. You go put LeBron on the block, see if they gonna dumbly, let him guard one-on-one and go at it, You know? Yeah. And if you watch the game, it's that too high.


Watch Luca watch LeBron. I focus on all of y'all. Put him on the block, let 'em come down there and double, You know what I'm saying? And do things like that. But they don't play that way. Y'all know Shannon and Chad, this game ain't like us. If I see you and Chad on a disadvantage, minimum one y'all play every game. I'm until until they stop it. Do you stop until, until they stop it. And with me with LeBron being 6, 8 2 6, I'm gonna put you on the block. I'm not gonna put you up top where everybody can focus in on you and we can stuck in. Right. Put you on the block and if you gotta come duck with me, let me kick it to somebody hit a jumper, then you gonna start being irrelevant that way.


And they didn't play that game. I knew LeBron was gonna play a ton of minutes today because he normally takes his break at about six minutes, six 30. He didn't take his break today until about four minutes. He got two minutes and then he was right back in the game and he didn't come out again. So I knew it was gonna be one of those. And I texted and Ash and I said Ash, first of all I knew that we're in trouble. Gp, LeBron is going off, Luca is going off and they got a four point lead. Let that sink in. Now all my artillery and I only got a four point lead and these guys are going haywire in the first half. So that's not good because if I normally when guys going off, that's a 10, that's a 1214 point lead.


You got both of your big guns and Minnesota's right there. So they gotta feel good. And as a matter of fact, they had a three point lead at the half. They're like, hold on, LeBron had 22, Luca got 21, that's 43 right there. And we still got the lead. Are we good? It's the same thing with the Lakers. When they lost to the, the nuggets, when LeBron went crazy in the first half he had like 30, 32 points G you remember that game? Yep. In the first half. They like, oh he done, he, he, he, he done spin his wide. He blew his load. We got this, he ended up, he had to had 32 at the half. He ended up having 40, 40 game because he exerted so much and it wasn't enough to get the separation that he needed.


Luca and LeBron exerted so much. LeBron, I think LeBron had five points in the third quarter. None in the fourth quarter. But they did a great job of taxing him. And because I think a lot of this gp, because LeBron is so tired, they like, he's not even a threat when he owned the block because that's normally Julius Randall. Julius Randall takes a lot outta you. Yeah, because he's a big body guy. He wants to bang on you, he's gonna bang you. Yeah. When you playing defense on him, he's gonna bang on you. When you playing defense on him, he's gonna bang on you. So it's just bang, bang, bang. And after a while that takes that, that zaps the leg. But then, but then Shannon hold up. Lemme tell you this. Even doing that, why'd I get even fired trouble?


Let him bang bang me mad. I'd go at him spin on him. Do the things you do. But that's mean you gotta work the game the way, the right way. Y'all remember when I played right? Give me the ball on the block. I want you to bang on me 'cause I'm gonna spin on you and I'm gonna kill you every day. You know? So you gotta get to that level where LeBron has to learn. Don't bang, bang, bang, work with him. Get Randall out the game because what's the next person that's gonna come in that game on Minnesota's bench that can handle me? Not too many people, not too many people. So that's, that's being coached and being smart. That's why I say nowadays IQ ain't in this game.


It all athleticism ability, it's athletic ability. This ain't no IQ game right now. I I'm, I'm gonna tell everybody, ain't too many guys in here got IQs like that. You know what I'm saying? LeBron don't have to bang that. Boy if he hit me one time on my back, spin on him, get a foul, get him in foul trouble. And then what's gonna happen? You gonnas right? You gonnas and ain't nobody gonna come up that bench that don't handle LeBron who must bullying him. But when you get a guy who's checked out and he tired. Yeah. And let's say again Shannon, let's think about the last play of the game.


What LeBron did, he turned the ball over again. He turned ball over. Why can't they get the ball inbound? Because we've seen re we've seen so many times guys. D does anybody know how to hard cut? Does anybody know how to set a back pick? But, but let me tell you this Shannon, what about just putting your forearm on a motherfucker and just, and and, and get off and both fall down that way. Why you don't do that? Why you don't do that? And then if they try to double me, what are you going to do? I'm gonna get the ball to the next. Yeah, I'm post it up. I'm telling you once again, I excuse and I knew in this game, and man, if, if, if you wanna get me the ball, I'm gonna get the ball. Especially if we can go in the back court, I'm gonna hold you off, push you off and you throw that ball out there and I'm gonna go get it.


I'm gonna get it. Don't try to make none of them roic pass that. You see man, these dudes is not having IQs like that. They don't have IQs like that. Hold on. But both of y'all said the same thing, right? You, you and UNC got a friendly deal. Yeah. You say Lake is gonna lose. Well both of you came came to came to the party and both said hell the Lakers might win, are gonna win Wednesday. You said they're gonna win the game. Say gp. So if they could win the game Wednesday, if they could win one, they could win two. But I don't think that But you gonna exert Chad, you gonna exert a lot then you on home. Yeah. Against a team that's in Minnesota that plays well in home. They play well in home.


I get it. You gonna exert all your time. But think about the, the really, the odds of everything done came back from a three one series deficit and win as many games as they win. They're not gonna win three in a row. I'm, I'm just not gonna say that I can't do it. You know one, you done lost two games in Minnesota. You lost one game in home and you lost the first game chant home. Yeah. So why, what do you think now and what have Shannon c Shannon say they're getting old legs are tied. They got two days off. What you gonna do? How you gonna work that out? All right. Is your mindset that I'm gonna try to win this?


Chad I'm gonna ask you again. Do you think they mindset is and we gonna come back and win three in a row? They not doing that. They talking about going home. They talking about going to to Cancun. You know what I'm saying? And we'll work with it next year. You feel what I'm saying? I'm just saying it's gonna be hard for the Lakers to win three in a row against this young hog team that Shannon has just coach. People are coming off the bench doing what they do. You feel what I'm saying? And doing what they do. Yeah. Yeah. We thinking about the N-B-A-N-B-A don't want it to be like Oklahoma City.


Go folk blank. They trying to get tv. Tv. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all, y'all, y'all cut into the church's money. Yeah. Yeah. You, you, You know what I'm saying? Now I ain't gonna keep letting this dude. I'm just gonna do whatever I, I'm, I'm gonna call calls that I have to call whatever, whatever. And you gotta think about it though Chad, who you think is mortality? What team you think was more talented? Chad, Minnesota or Lakers? Minnesota. Minnesota. Minnesota. They're not gonna do that man. And and people coming off the bench doing what they do. Shannon just told you Yeah, their bench is being more productive than Lakers bench.


Who gonna be the people that support that? Superstar Cats I think. Got that. Yeah, I agree. Dang. I agree. And that's the thing, I mean you, you, they were so close, they had a 10 point lead. I'm not so sure what a 10 point lead. I think I tried to get, I think I tried to get LeBron two minutes to start the fourth. We gotta a lead. Well Chad I say like this like they with with the warrior. Sub him three minutes, bring him in, sub him at seven, he got five minutes on the clock, then back in the fourth, let play the whole fourth. Fourth. See what I'm saying? Yeah. That's how you gotta do it.


But I just don't think that chemistry is right. When you got two guys on both sides, io in the basketball and you watching them play basketball, that's not a good deal for me. It's just like what we did when we played basketball. We put it in the post and let our big man dominate. If you don't get him, he gonna score every time. But if you start scoring right, we gonna doubling and what do our big man do? Kick it and we get easy kick it out buckets and we rotate. Rotate and make people rotate. That ain't the game nowadays. We just talking about shooting threes one-on-one iso trying to do what we do. Right. And it don't work if you don't have that cast that's making them big time shots, which Minnesota did today.


Yes. Say big time shots and it don't work. It won't work. It just won't work. They definitely, lake has definitely got their work cut out for 'em. They're gonna have to play another hopefully, I don't know if you can get another 25 point game outta Ruy hot. Chamorro Ruy was sensational today. This is by far his best game in the playoffs. And he played extremely well. I don't know if you're gonna be able to get, 'cause he was five or 10. He was nine or 16. Played 50, 41 minutes, gave you 23 points. LeBron was 27, 12 8, 3 3. Officer Reeves, he came in and he play, he was terrible. He got in foul trouble. He was terrible in the first half.


17, 17, 7 and four. I can live with that. I like having something spread out. But Julius Randall started out, started out game off. He was extremely aggressive. And that's what, that's his game. He he's he's an aggressive player. He's gonna try to put the ball on the floor. He's gonna put pressure, he is gonna attack the rim. Jay Daniels, Jayden McDaniels didn't start off strong but down the stretch he made all the hustle plays. He got the and one he made a big time. Three a man was a man, but it was Nas Reed and Dante di Vincenzo di Vincenzo getting a rebound knocking down a three. You get Nas Reed knocking down two big threes di Chinel. Yeah. Getting an and and one.


And I thought, I was like, You know what, 'cause Dizel got one and LeBron Sky is like, oh the old man still got some in, still got some juice in the tank gp. Yeah, but it wa I i I just think the thing is yeah, they were tired but ant man, he said he's dreamed his whole, he's dreamt his whole life of these moments. And you can tell 12 of 23, 5 of 10 from the free three point line, 14 to 17, nine rebounds, six assist. And he only had one turnover. Well Chad and Shannon, he told you this. So when he was, when he was at, when he started shooting threes playing his Steph Curry and he said, man, I was in them games shooting him threes what is he came back and did.


He said, I'm gonna shoot more threes this year and look at his percentage, come over the threes. His confidence is way here. When you give a player like that, that type of ability to do that and become that type of player, put him on Olympic team, give him that type of ability to become a suit bird star, A real two star. Yeah. And he make his shots and he get confident. It's hard to stop a basketball player like that. And he has proven it. He has proven it that he is the primary player to be that NBA player and take over this league. And that's what he's doing every day after them, after them games. And he is doing his poster, all he doing is fine because he know it's easy.


It's easy for him. Yeah. It's ease. And that's what he's doing. And he's showing you that he can put this team on his back. They thought when they got rid of Cat, the Cat that it was gonna be all over. No, that boy took his, they took this game to another level and did what he do and then it six, they did succeed being the third seat. That's what these games is. That's why I tell everybody, stop talking about these seeds and all that with these eight two gang. That is, that is just crap to me. None of that. You, you, you gotta go play in these playoffs and get out and they showing Lakers that, I don't care what seed you are, we gonna get at you out.


The thing is is that when you look at it GP, is that because he can shoot the three, you gotta hug up on him and now he can go by you. You see what he's going by, right? Yeah. He's going to kick or he's going all the way to the rim. So it is like, okay, I'm gonna play off him. Hand down man, down Mark Jackson. And so now he's got that three ball in his bag. He always had the ability to go around you and finish over top of you. So how do I defend him if I give him too, if I give him too much airspace, he gonna rise up and shoot. He goes raise up and shoot the three. If I, if I hug up on him to take away the three, he gonna go by me and finish on top of me. So I I I mean you're at his mercy and you, same thing with Steph Curry. Steph Curry used to be, he set up for the three.


Now you see Steph put the ball on the floor and get to his float game. Go. Yeah. And then Shannon, you think about that, when I was at the game last night, what Houston tried to do to Steph Curry was doubling every time I kept screaming. Right. I said get him off the ball, don't let him dump it. Let him come off the baseline and do like Reggie Miller or Riff Hamilton. And they had his mercy. Soon as they catch shoot that Houston fell apart. They fell apart. What, what did the Warriors do? He had other people who made shots and did things that they do because once and then what Curry did, he started being one-on-one and then he started being Curry.


He liked the, he liked PlayStation, he started cooking everything. You see his PlayStation man and he start cooking and he start hitting shots and then they start doing it and he started making a right pass. And then they start finishing. They start saying, man, what can I do? And when they start finishing, he start going one-on-one. And there ain't nobody can guard nobody like that with no talent like that one-on-one. She don't like, no way, no way. Jalen Green spoke about the exchange between him and Draymond at the end of the game when Draymond told Jalen Green, go paint your nails. Jalen said just talking. He can't really do much anything else.


Slow talking is his only way G Hey, hey GPD Jones. Hey did hi. Because now Guy, I mean now they throw tech on you. You guys used to be at all of each other. Face spit fly everywhere. Now you say one thing. Oh yeah, you look at the guy for tech. This, this is, this is basketball man. Let these dudes play man. Let 'em talk crazy man. I'm with it. I I was right there when I seen all of that and all that. YYYY ya. I mean these dudes ain't talking. Really Don't tell y'all Shannon and Chad get outside man. Go outside to the restaurant and see them one-on-one that ain't gonna work.


Get in that, that, that shit outta here mind that ain't happening. You know what I'm saying? Y'all can talk all that man and be whatever. Just, just prove it on basketball court. Yeah. To me. Pull it on the floor. You, you won't, don't get mad at what somebody else say. You know what I'm saying? Stop him from doing it and he won't say it no more. Yeah it is. That's what I did. That's why I talk crack track. Yeah, I can back it up. If you say something to me, I'm gonna give your phone, You know what I'm saying? I'm gonna be here 40, 10, 8, whatever. And then I'm gonna be like yeah and we won. What's happening? Stop all that. W why why man, because ain't none of tough like that. Them dudes ain't no gangsters man.


Ain't nobody shot no pistols and did all that man in they life. Man. Them dudes ain't even on that. You know what I'm saying? Stop being like you, you, you, you really bad. You ain't really bad man. Because if we get to one-on-one somewhere, man, we knuckle up. Them dudes ain't gonna be like that ain't gonna be like that man. So man, just go and prove it on the flow man. And gone about your things. You know what I'm saying? It is what it is. You know and I it it was legit. Like if somebody say man, I was with your wife last night. Yeah I was with yours last night too. That's why I wasn't home. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah. You was with her. Don't be with her. You feel what I'm saying? Because I was with last night too.


You know why you was thinking about me, you feel I'm saying so I'm with it man. I ain't on that man. All that you with ish. Yeah I man, I ain't with that woo woo, woo man go ahead and prove it on the basketball court man. And that's what I'm talking about. Prove it to prove it tomorrow and you mad. Yeah, go get it. Go get it. You feel me? So that's all I gotta say about that. Go get it. Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day.


Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free with Dutch. You'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care. Thunder sweeped, the grizzlies SGA had 38 points and finally found his rhythm in the first three games he was averaging 24 points per game, but it was taking him almost 23 shots to get those. He was shooting 35% when he shot almost 52% from the Floyd regular season. He had made only six of 24 threes shooting 25%.


But in game four SGA was SGA 13 to 24, 11 of 13 free throws. They end up sweeping the Memphis Grizzlies and You know, it was over, they had a 27 point lead. Ja goes up, comes down and hey that lead dis dissipates. They end up losing that game. So, You know, the, it was just a matter of time before they ended up getting swept. So they passed the first test. You know, they've been the best team in the Western conference for the entirety of the season. Twan. So what do you think they're gonna play the winner of the Clippers nugget series? Mm. What you like, can can anybody pose a threat to 'em?


Honestly, I I just think they don't have that next guy. You know, I think Shay is should be the MVP this year. Could've won it last year. I wouldn't had no problem with it. I think this year he gets it. I don't see that. The second guy I just haven't seen. I mean we know Jay, excuse me, I do, I do like, I do like him, but I need to see him put to the test. I need to see him put to the test where he had to get 30, 35 on a given night. Right. So and so I see that I I just don't, I don't trust them against a veteran team. I just Think you get one of those, the Clippers or Denver, whichever team you face, those guys have been there before. They're gonna know how to guard you.


The respect levels a little different. They got the, they got the toughness to go in your building to get a win, right? That's where they're gonna be a little different at. It's actually not, it's actually kind of bad for 'em to see either one of those teams. 'cause those teams are older teams and the veteran teams that that can give them trouble because they, because they know how to play in the playoffs. So neither one of those teams are gonna be great matchups for 'em. But they are a great home team. And by winning the, by having the best record, I always say this, it means something when you take care of business in the season because you get those most important games on the floor, on your floor, you get that five and seven, you get five and seven on your home floor. That's why you take care of business during the season.


I'll never forget that. You always wanna have that home court advantage. So that's where they can be, that's where they can have the advantage of. 'cause they play so great in that building, right? But it's gonna be tough for 'em. This, the next round's gonna be tough for 'em. Look for them to be long series and can anybody else step up and help Shay out? We know Shea's gonna have some moments where he gets 35, 40, hell, maybe even 45. Who's gonna be that next guy that steps up And that's what we, that's gonna be remain to be seen. Hey Wan. So well basically probably OKC is similar, similar to in the same situation based on who they play. Whether it be the Nuggets, whether it be the Clippers, they're sim they're gonna be in a similar situation like the Rockets right now with the Warriors.


Yeah. It's just not saying that they're young, that, I mean the KC guys have been together while I just think, and you guys know that I just, and and Shay goes back to what you did to start show off. When you start naming stars, you don't even name shake. You didn't name nobody else off OKC. That's a team that won 60 games this year. Think about it. You didn't name, you didn't name two, three guys off O off OKCI just don't think there nothing wrong with that. They have great complimentary guys that got great role players. I just don't see that next superstar. A guy that can help you win a game. Who's gonna go win a game besides Shea? I wanna see that. Let's see the next guy. Step up and get 30, 35. Let's see Shay have 10 points, a bad night, foul trouble.


He gonna get it done. Who's gonna be the next guy that steps up for them? So that remains to be seen. That's, that's, that's where the test is gonna come in at. Yeah. I, hey look, I didn't think Memphis was gonna do much and when Scotty Pippen Jr was your best player on the Memphis Grizzlies and he's, I I, I'm happy for him 'cause he seemingly found a home in Memphis. A home in Memphis and they're giving him opportunity to showcase his ability. But I didn't really, I didn't really expect much from, from Memphis in this series. Even with Job, maybe they could have got a game, maybe a game, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe a game. I think that that game, they had a 27 point lead. I think if Josh stays in, they probably win that one.


Maybe they get a game. Maybe, maybe, maybe all things need equal to get two. But I mean you look at, you look at them. Holmgren had 11, Jalen Williams had 23. Hartenstein had 11 and 12. Shaa was Shaa. But what they kill you is that, You know, they're a great defensive team. 'cause they got Caruso, they got Isaiah Joe, they got Wallace, they got Lou Dot, they got Chad that could protect the rim. If somebody gets beat off the dribble, they got big, they got two bigs. They don't, and they don't have a problem playing two bigs. But then when they go small, they got guys that are, that are scrappy, that can defend. Everybody can defend at a, an extremely high level.


But I agree with you. I agree with you. But the question is, man you got to, you got to be able to have shade under control. 'cause if you don't, he end up shooting 1520 la free throws on you because he has Oh you have to go ahead. Go ahead, go ahead. Go ahead Tori. No I'm saying you, you have to beat him. I do agree with you. You have to beat him. They're not gonna, they're not gonna beat theirself. I think with the young group, they got fresh legs, they play lively, they play great at home. So they, they're gonna, and they got a guy, I mean Shay is the guy, he's the guy that can get you 35 4. That's what you want in the playoffs. They got all the ingredients to make a deep run. I just worry when you get into a series with better teams that's made double team Shaa and may force some other guys to beat you.


Are those other guys ready to deliver at the level that you need to think about some of these teams? I mean think about the Lakers. You know, they got two guys that can get it done. You know when we talk about OKC, we just don't. Williams is great, don't get me wrong. He's gonna be a, he's a great young player. He made the All Star team this year. He's shown that he can be a 20, 25 point score. Hell he's had some 30 point performances. But if you gotta get out another guy that can go to, I don't think as you get along you start playing the better teams. They're not gonna let Shea beat them. I just don't think that, I think they're gonna double team. They're gonna make these other guys have to beat them. If I was playing against 'em, that's what I would do. But the okay say did the right thing.


Everything gotta come through them. They have four games on next floor. And I think that's what they did a good job of. They played well there and you guys know this and you guys were watching enough basketball, the road guys play better at home. So now you got those young guys or young guys on the bench playing at home. They play a lot better. That's what an advantage is is for OKC. Yeah. 'cause they had five guys, even though he went on the road, it was a close game. They have five guys in double figures. Holmgren had 11. Jalen Williams had 23, Hartenstein had 11, Shay had 38 and Isaiah Joe had 11 and Wiggins had nine. But that, and that's when you, them numbers though Chad, you hear them other numbers kind of low though.


Chad, you see you got these. Yeah, you see them. Other numbers look low now somebody else you get playing by the team, you, they play right. Play one of them big dogs is gonna be a, it's gonna be a little different. But You know what I like what? I like not to cut you off Oto. What I like is that Wiggins, excuse me, that Williams and Shay take most of the shots because you look at it, they took a combined 45 shots and then you had hung with the tuck. The next most shot at nine. He had a guy took seven, one guy took 4, 1, 1, 5, 7, 7, 8. So your big dog's eating. Wow. You, you you got, because You know sometimes you can, the playoffs guys try to make a name for themselves and ain't all of a sudden you supposed to be shooting seven, eight times.


All of a sudden you shoot 14, 15 times. No. Whoa, whoa. What you doing? No. Did you see that? Hey you said Andrew Wiggins seen No, no, no. Andrew Wiggins is down. Is is is in Miami with you? Miami you just said that's a, that's another they got. Oh what they got another wigs on their team? Yeah, young. They got a young wigs on the team. Okay. Yeah. Okay, okay. Y y'all not wanna be wigs ain back suit the ball. Oh yeah. I like Wallace. I like Isaiah, Joe. But they all can defend. Look at Caruso can defend Lou Dork can defend Isaiah Joe, defend Cara Wallace can defend Hey Chet Holga.


Yeah. Defend. So no matter even shave was like top three and steels. So no matter who you have on the court, you still have at least three guys that can defend on the ball at all times. And then if shaves in there, you got somebody that can protect the, can, protect the paint, protect the rim hard Stein. I mean look, he, he can't protect the, but he, You know, he's a big body. He'll block a shot to a a, a shot here or there. I I, I like the way they make up, but like you said, we'll see next round. Ja didn't want to be seen on camera, on the bench. He saw the broadcast camera on him and put his hand over his face. Juan, you good with this? Nah man, I feel bad for my guy, Shane. I remember, I remember you had me on when you was back on with Fox and we was talking about him.


Yeah. And we had a long discussion with him. Man, I just wish he did. I mean, he's such a terrific talent man. I just wish he locked in on playing basketball, You know what I'm saying? And take what come with it. That's, that's the good, that's the good coverage you want. You wanna see the, you want your fans to see you care about your team and that you upset that you're not playing. That's when you want the camera on you. Yeah. So I just hope he gets it together. I got a lot of respect for him. I want him to be, You know, I think he could be one of the greatest players in play the game at the point guard position when he's right. Healthy. And he gives you that stretch of 20, 25 games where he's just playing basketball and not shooting a gun and not doing all those crazy things. He's one of the best players in the league. He is. But You know, we, we just don't know if he ever gonna figure it out.


So I get disappointed in him a little bit on that because it's just, it's, I hope this kind doesn't go to waste. 'cause You know, Adam Silver after a while is, is gonna be, You know, he gonna have to go see the big dog again and he ain't gonna like what he gonna do to, do you think he needs to be out of Memphis in order for him to really blossom and fully developed Yep. Right on down here in Miami? Yep. Most definitely. I would, I'll, I'll take care of him. Chad, he can't come to Miami. Pat row, I, I got him my pat row, Eric Spro. Some ain't playing that man. That, that's what I, that's what I mean. Some sometime that's what you need sometime need to go somewhere like this when you have two old school type coaches, two star that approach the game of basketball. Different ocho, they got structure in the middle, they got discipline.


You right here, right now. And you try to go all the way over here. You see all that space in between. You gotta stop off in the middle. Ocho It's gonna be tough man. It's gonna be tough. Yeah. Do I do I think he needs another, another place? Change the scenery. I I, I don't think he needs a change of scenery. I think they have to really strategically make sure that they keep the right guys around him. And You know how sometimes you bring a, you, you bring a veteran on the team that may be not gonna get a lot of minutes that can help you control that locker room. You know how it is to help control Yeah. Some of the out the court activities. I think that's what they need to do. You know, sometimes it's good to pick up a guy like that. Maybe a guy that's not gonna do much. You know what I mean? Think about that Boss self team.


They put Al Horford a nice veteran on the team with them who's been on that team for the last three, four years. Been great for them. A good locker room guy. You know what I mean? That's what you need. You need some locker room guys sometime. I think that I like him in Memphis because they, they've been successful. They've had someone, see it's not like they're a bad team. They got some pieces there. He doesn't have to be moved, but he's gonna have to clean up some things and that, and I think and he can use another superstar. I would, I would like to see, I don't know if they'll be able to, well Triple J was supposed to be a super superstar. I just, I'm just telling you, they paid him like one. Yeah, I don't know if he, he, he kind of, he kind of took a couple steps back this year.


They, especially this series. Yeah, they, they was banged up this year a lot off and on, so I'm not gonna put too much on this season and the coaching change and all that stuff. They went through, You know, You know that that fire and the coach was kind of weird to me. I I know y'all covered that a long time ago. Yeah, I think that played a part too, You know, a couple of years ago the job around said I'm fine in the west. I, I might have you worry about Boston, but I'm fine in the West Zero playoff series wins one head coach fine and two suspensions. Is he finding the west one? No, he not finding the West. Yeah, I would, I would, I mean for us, us that love sports and we love, love to see guys make and and do great WI would love to see him Miami Heat West where structure, where it's discipline where basketball has to come first.


I would love to see him in that type of situation where they can get some of that junk out of him. But we don't know, I mean, Memphis has to make a major decision on whether or not they wanna continue to build around him and kind of go through his antics or you make a move for him while he still has a little value. 'cause I think he still has some value right now. Yeah, for sure. So I Think you can get something for em. And maybe, maybe it might be a mu You know, kinda you guys mutual agreement. Hey, I tried it here, I I need a new surrounding. I wanna, You know, try something different. Maybe you can make a move in that sense because they're two totally different teams with the without it, it it is they so they have to figure it out. Yeah. Two totally different teams.


I like it. I like it. I like it. Hey Mickey Sison. I know you gonna see this Pat. I Think you gonna see this Spra. I'll let your boy my number is still the same. We can go get j sometime sometime in the summer. Oh listen, I put, I put the pieces in place. I'll make, I I'll make sure he's good away from the court. You know I got the right kind of people, You know, we, we don't play no games. We don't do none of that. Okay. Ain't gonna be no driving. Ain't gonna be no shooting. Ain't gonna be throwing on no grave. No, no grenades. Uhuh. We won't do that. You gonna, you gonna get him Uber? Me? You gonna get him an Uber? Hey, get him a drive. No, no, no. I, I got, I got a driver for him. I gotta driver. We'll get him everywhere he needs to go. We won't even, we we'll wan I've been in Miami all my life. I don't even club. I ain't been to Club live yet.


I just went to Booby Trap for the first time two weeks ago. Boy, I'm 57 years old, so I know if I can just drive out here to Miami, I can, I can keep 'em aligned. We got the same goal. I wanna see you succeed. The Volume. Did You know women are more likely than men to develop dry eyes, which may be due to hormonal changes during the menstrual cycle or after menopause. And the use of oral contraceptives. Give your dry burning or irritated eyes a daily refresh with refresh. Optiv mega three lubricant eyedrops. A preservative free formula that provides fast acting, lasting relief.


Refresh. Optiv mega three is safe to use as often as needed. Find refresh online or in the eyedrop aisle. At all major retailers, Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.