
This is an iHeart Podcast


When it's PCS Time. You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school. Because family supports family. At American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you As a military spouse, your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from I do Part two Ozempic and A Pill. It's Oral Semaglutide and is now available from Future Health. Go to future health.com to get affordable access to Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic, and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. No insurance needed. Visit future health.com Future without the E to start losing this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush s sent back, and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one minutes to per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


The volume. We have our NBA finals matchup. Indiana Pacers are going to the NBA finals for the first time since 2001, 25, 1 0 8. They had seven guys in double figures. It was just too much. The flurry, the Knicks played well as long as they could. Kept the game as close as they could, but it was just too much. They just have too much firepower for 'em. And they're going to the NBA finals to face the OKC Thunder.


Thanks to a 1 25, 1 0 8, 1 0 8 victory. They take care of the New York Knicks in eight game, in six games. Excuse me, eight games. Damn. That would be something In six. In six games. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I am your favorite. Unc Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson and joining us tonight to break down this game and look ahead to the NBA Finals. He's an NBH champ. He's an eight time all star. Eight time all NBA selection. Three time defensive player of the year. My homie from the crib. He is the last player to jump straight from high school and be selected.


Number one overall in the 2004 draft from southwest Atlanta Christian Academy. Here he is, ladies and gentlemen. Dwight Howard. Sir Dwight, what's going on bro? What's up with it? Huh? Chad? What's popping? I'm good. I'm good. What's, what's what they do? Why, what man? I'm great man. Please make sure y'all hit that like button. Please make sure you hit the subscribe button. And guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We want to thank you each and every one of our faithful and loyal subscribers that have been down with Ocho and I since day one. We cannot thank you enough because all the success that we've been able to enjoy is all because of you. Your eyes, your ears, and word of mouth got the word out.


That Nightcap with Unc and Ocho was the podcast you needed to tune in from. It's four. So we can't thank you enough. Thank you again from the bottom of my heart for all your support and continue support. Please make sure you check that out. Make sure you go check out Shea ba la porter. Now, if you cannot find Shea ba la porter in a city or a state near you, we're coming soon, trust me. But you can order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Check out Shesha Media, my company on all of its platforms and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. That link is pinned in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone.


So please grab yours while supplies last. The Indiana Pacers have done it. They put seven guys on. Yo, we talked about them being a a a, a A team by committee. You never know. Pascal aka showed up and you look at the games in which he played extremely well. The games were not close. When he did not play well, the Knicks won. And Tyrese, Halliburton had a phenomenal night. Again, 21 points, 13 assists, six rebounds. You know, he turned, finally, he turned the ball over. But he was great. Hard was unbelievable. His defense was sensational. Knee Smith played well. I thought the, the difference in the ball game was guys and Dwight, I know what you think.


I thought tb Thomas Bryan, Thomas Bryan coming off the bench. Yeah man, he had three big three Ocho. He blocked the shot. I mean his, his presence, he was all over and over. Top. He over. He was all over. He was all over. And I thought they played well, Dwight, watching this game. What do you think? What was the major reason that the Pacers were able to win this series? They weren't favored in any of the series, but they end up winning and going to the NBA finals and they make quick work of teams that will seen higher than them and was favored over them. Why were the Pacers able to win this series and make it look relatively easy in doing it? I would say they're one of the deepest teams outside of OKC is why they, why they've been winning.


They can go one through 10 or they can play the whole, anybody from one through 10, they could play and go out there and be successful. So I think that's one of the biggest reasons why they offense. You know, you got Halle, he's going give you buckets. He's gonna get you a assists and see Aqua man. He is the difference maker. He was sensational again. Yeah, he's the difference maker for me. And I thought he was aggressive. I thought both guys were aggressive tonight. Remember the other night, Ocho, Halliburton was not aggressive. I think he had two shots at the Hal tonight. Tonight he was nine of 17. He wanted to come home two or five from the three point line. 1 0 1 from the free throw line. Pascal, aka extremely aggressive, 10 of 18, three or five from the three point line, eight of 11 from the free through line.


He had 31 points. Knee Smith, 10 points Turner, 11 points, Nihar, 14 points, Halliburton as I mentioned, 21 and 13. And then you had Obie topping 25 minutes. He gave you 18. Thomas Bryant TV came in with 13 minutes, three or five from the floor. Three or four from the three point line. Two or two from the free throw line. 11 big points. Yeah. And that was the difference in the series. All series long until we talked about this. Yeah, their bench, because they're going to play nine, 10 guys every game. It does not matter. They don't play. And you see, Tim started trying to do that. He started going dabbling into his bench a little bit more. Yeah, he played McBride played all along and then they inserted Robinson, Mitchell Robinson into the started lineup.


And they brought Josh hard off the bench. But you saw Landry shat get some extended minutes. We saw d Durrell Wright get extended minutes. And so that's normally what we see. They normally play seven guys. Seven guys. But they started playing eight, nine guys. But it was not enough. No, because their benches, they couldn't get the production to match what Indiana Bench was giving you. Ocho you watch this and I know you thought the Knicks was gonna pull this thing off. And I Did. I did. Listen, I lost, I lost big money too, man. I lost that. Hey Dwight, that's what really hurt. That's what really hurt. You know, I, I had a bet with old lady. I had a bet with my girl, man. And, and, and to me it's, it's, it's, it's a shame 'cause she ain't finna get paid either. But the Knicks, Oh, I'm gonna get my money.


Oh, anyway, now, now back to the game, Dwight. I mean, listen, I I was, I was hurt. Honestly. I wanted the Knicks to pull this off. Not just for not just the basketball team, for the city, for everything. You know, New York has been through. I would, I would've loved to see them be back in that position. They ain't been through nothing. What mean, what Hell they been through? You gotta look. I, I would agree with you. You talking about 2001 been there, but they ain't been through nothing. Huh? They ain't been there since the seventies I was rooting for And they ain't been there since Columbus. No, they been there. Nah, they went to, You know, you remember when they went there was, or they lost to Tim Duncan. And when you, they, they lost the lost to dunk in 99.


99 99. Yeah. No, where Patrick Yuen, when he missed a finger rolled dunk. That was in 99. That was, that's when the, the, the Indiana went that year. Okay. You remember they lo you remember they lost, remember they lost to a Tim Duncan them? I don't remember that. I go, I can look it up. 99 and Indiana went the following year and got beat their eyes beat out by, by the Lakers. But they, they haven't won since 73. Okay. They in 99. That's that. That's what I mean going is once, but actually actually winning. But listen tonight, Unc man, listen, the Knicks Too many turnovers. Yes. Too many turnovers. Yes. In order for them to have to win this game tonight, boy Brunson and Kat would've had a, would've had to have an out outof body experience.


They would've had Bronson. I think Bronson was holding on the basketball too much too Long. Hey, You know. Yeah, man, I heard people talk about that earlier, but that's the way he's always running off. I thought he was gassed it. It is. But he, he was tire himself out and then nobody else was getting shots up. 'cause he holding the ball And Ka too was just trying to drive. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, listen, Not the next missing free throws on. They had what I think almost 18, 18 plus some, some turnover. They missed nine free throws. They was 17 to 26 from the free throw line going Tide. They Missed free throws. Listen. And on top of, on top of the pacers thrive on fast grade points and push off turnover.


Yes, they do. They The best. You know, I mean, You watch it, you watch this game, guys, about four minutes left in the third quarter, Indiana turned up their defense and what was a six point lead, all of a sudden it went to double figures. Yeah. And from that point on, like this defense was a Nihar knee Smith, the Obie Pascal, those guys were on it. Yeah. From that fourth, the last four minutes of the third quarter. And through the, excuse me, the third quarter and then into the fourth quarter, their defense went to another level. Yeah. Yes. And they started turning them over. And all of a sudden what was a six point lead? It went to 15, like in the blink of an eye man, just like, and that's what, and on, on made baskets.


I'm like, hold on, wait a minute, Dwight, I know you was watching this Ocho Yeah. And the U2 Ocho, they, the Knicks would make a basket, they would pass the ball to Halle, he would get the ball ahead to them hard or I mean to a aka six Seema Euro step. And Larry Yeah. Lay it up. So basically from the time they take the ball out to the ball's in the back in three seconds. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I, I'm like, bro, y'all can't on a made basket, you giving up a layup on the Yeah. The boys tired. They tired. They Tired. They aint no, they, they aint got no leg. They Ready to come on. Hey. Because the thing was is that, look, I knew after the first game that the Knicks were in trouble because you lost, and Jalen Brunson and Kat went crazy.


Jalen Brunson had 43, Kat had 36, and you still lose. So what was the likelihood, Dwight, that Jalen Brunson was going to average 40 and then, and, and Kat was going to average 30. That's what they would've had to do in order to win. Yeah. They weren't gonna be done. And I just, I just didn't see that happening. Especially with the committee that the Pacers have. They're gonna get, when they won, they had six guys in double figures every time. Five, six guys. Now they have seven guys in double figures. Crazy. And it's hard to defend them because who's their go-to guy? Is it aka is it, is it Halle? Yeah. Because we saw Aren Nesmith come in that game one and make six three pointers in the last five minutes of the ball game.


Oh, crazy. And we saw, we n we know Nip actually, and when you go back and think about it, Rin really didn't play well this series. Nah, he's one of their better players, especially off the bench. Yes. And you got, he got in foul trouble. So it was really hard for him to get a rhythm. So there's only really two games in which he played really, really well. He's due to have a stretch of games. But I just thought the Knicks at the end, they just started to like turn the ball over and the, like, they'd make a basket and Halle would get the ball. He'd get the head to aka. Yeah. And he euro step and he laid it up or he just diving straight to the basket. I'm like, well, damn y'all, y'all don't, y'all don't wanna stop that. Y'all know on make or miss, they're looking to push tempo.


Yeah. And that's what the problem is. And Tim might have did this too late, Dwight, Tim know what you think? Because he grinds his guys down in the regular season and damn grind 'em down in the postseason. And when you play the first three games, first two games, and you got guys playing 44, 46, and they went into overtime playing all those minutes. It's hard. Once you start extending that series, it's gonna get harder for them guys to have them legs because they going every other day. Yes. They, you could tell they was tired. You could tell. You could, if you watch Mitchell Robinson, when he got in the game, it was a, he started out with a great burst of energy. He'll have big moments, but then he'll start lagging behind on defense. He'll come in later on plays and stuff like that.


So he can tell these guys didn't have no legs. So man, Teos gotta, I think he gotta start playing his bench a little bit. But I know he don't really, he don't really like playing, he don't really like players his bench. But he was like that in Chicago. It got him in trouble. He's like that in Minnesota. He like that. He like that in the mix. He grind those guys. I mean, you only got so much in your legs. You grind the guys, you playing guys 39 and 40 minutes in the regular season. He tripping. Nah. And then come play off. It's even more because you gotta focus even more. So that burns even more energy out of it. And so now you playing concentrated minutes and you playing 40 plus minutes a night. Now I agree with you, Dwight on that. He's gonna have to play his, he's gonna have to trust.


That's what it comes down to because you could throw guys in there, but he doesn't trust his bench. He trusted him for a handful of games and they, and they served him well, but tonight they just didn't have it. They just didn't have it tonight. And I thought that at the half the game, the first half, the Knicks couldn't script it any better. We got a game. It's only a four point game. Yeah. Both teams are in the 50. Yeah. So if we extrapolate and double that up, that's 108 hundred and 10. But they gonna get 67 in the second half. Yeah. Yeah. Indiana's one of those teams though that it don't, they could be down 20 points and come back and, and win the game. So it's like if you gonna beat them, you gotta put them away.


You can't play with them. They, they just good after they found out game one firsthand. Yeah. They had down, they had 'em down by 14 at what, in the fourth quarter, under five minutes. Look at this percentage. They shot 54% from the floor. They shot 52% from the three. They were 16 of 19 from the three point line. On the flip side, the Knicks were 48% from the floor. 28% from the three. Yeah. And 65% from the free throw line. See, there's only two people. There's only two people that could have helped the Knicks night and they might've had a chance. I don't know if they've won. They might've had a chance to win.


We have the one day, the one I'm thinking about. He didn't, I ain't never seen him play, never heard of him playing basketball. That was Jesus. I was about to say, I was Think you to say that. I was about to say too. I did. I'm just, I was just about to say that. That's, I, I don't see, there ain't no mention in the Bible. I, You know, I'm not a scholar, a theologian or some biblical scholar, but I don't know if I've seen any reference of him in basketball and listen. So I guess, I guess you be, what you gonna take Jordan? Maybe Patrick Ewt. Who else? Willis re rest his soul. Yeah. Clyde Frazier. I don't know. Hey, is that goddamn, I mean, Brunson didn't have have the game he needed to have in, in order for them to have a chance tonight knowing needed their cat.


But that got there. Ni Nihar ni Nihar did a hell of a job tonight, man. Oh Yeah. They have Nihar and Ne Smith. He made it very difficult. Yeah. For Jalen Watson to really do anything. Find any rhythm. Picking him up. 94. Hey, that's, they got it. Great team picking him up. Oh man. So now I got a question for you, for you and Dwight, now that we know who's in the finals now, based on the matchup, the styles, the benches, who do we have winning and why? I'm, I'm just curious, Man. I, okay. I mean, OK C's been the best team. They've been the best team all year. They've had the best player this year.


They're deep. Just like I, like you said, I mean, both teams are gonna play nine 10 guys. Right? But if I had to say defensively, I think OKC is a little better defensively. They got six guys. It starts with Dort and Jalen Williams, and they come in with Wiggins and, and, and Wallace and, and, and, and, and Caruso, Isaiah, Joe. And they got those two big guys that can protect. They get after you. It's gonna be, I I I think it's gonna be a better series than people think. Now look, I know everybody, Dwight, everybody wanted the Knicks. They're like, man, KC in Indiana. Hey, you should have told the Knicks to play better. And man the Lakers, if y'all want big market teams, the big market teams that was in the play, you should have did what you're supposed to do.


And then we wouldn't have had this problem, but we got what we got now. But for me, I think OKC is a little deeper. I think they're a little better. Dwight, what you got? Well, I can't Ocho I gotta do this event in a couple days. But we gotta predict the winner. But what I, what I will say is this, I like both of these teams in the finals that like, like said, I think it is going to go, this is going to be one of those finals that's gonna be really good. Because both of these teams are some real teams. They play, they bench, they, they got great coaches. Yep. And they play up and down. They can slow the pace down.


They got, well you don't know who could be the go-to guy for Indiana, like Unc said, but man, this gonna be a good fighter. And I, I think the thing is, is that, look OKC, You know who that guy is it Shea? He's gonna get his shots. Jalen Williams has played really well the last two games. He's starting to round in the shape to look like the guy that was an all NBA selection, an all star. He's starting to look like that now. Shea has thrown caught. He's like, damn efficiency, I'm gonna get my shots up. Either they gonna go in or you gonna foul, but I'm getting to the free throw line. Right? But I am not gonna look back and say, man, I wasn't aggressive enough. He's aggressive as hell.


And boy, me Smith, he thought he had his work cut out for him dealing with Jalen Brunson. Yeah. He got another guy. Oh yeah. It's gonna be, that's a little bigger than Brunson. That's six foot. I mean, Brunson might be six. I'm being kind maybe six one. Right. But you're talking about a guy that's six seven, he's the MVP and he exudes confidence now. Yeah. He belong. Yeah. And that's the thing, when a guy wins the MVP Dwight, there's something like when you won that defensive player of the year award, you're like, I'm supposed to win this thing every year. Every year, every year. And that, and you have that mindset. Sha got that mindset. Now I'm an MVP, I kinda like people talking about me. I'm in, I'm in OKC and they gotta talk about us now.


Oh yeah. Because of what I've done, this is gonna be, Hey Nihar Knee Smith. Those guys got their hands full. They're gonna have to build their best.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour For undergraduate and master's level programs. American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu Dot.edu/military.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with Mint. You can get Premium Wireless for just $15 a month. Of course if you enjoy overpay, no judgments, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store Gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms, apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025, and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this contents not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from I do Part two Ozempic and a Pill. It's Oral Semaglutide and is now available from Future Health. Go to future health.com to get affordable access to Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. No insurance needed. Visit future health.com future without the E to start losing this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


They gonna make it, they gonna make it difficult for Shado. I think they going pick him up full court just like they did Bronson. You got To Bronson. Yeah. You know what, You know, You know, You know what's funny is I I I think most basketball enthusiasts, pundits, analysts like you guys that really know the game extremely well. I think most of you guys are, are picking the Thunder to win. And I don't know why. Just inside for some reason, I have a, I have a feeling that the Patriots are gonna win because they're, they, they seem to be the underdog in this situation. Every Since they've been under, they've been the underdog the whole time. Exactly. And everybody's doing it again. Everybody's doing it again regardless of who they're playing. They, they refuse to pick the Pacers for some reason.


I don't know why, but I mean, I think the thing is, look, When you talk about OKC, they were the best team. They won 68 games. I mean the Western Conference was sold up so, so long ago. Yeah. They have one of the best players in the NBA to have a top five player in Shea. They, they play outstanding defense. They got, I'm talking about their wing guys with Caruso and dor and Jalen Williams and Car and Carson and Wiggins and Wallace, Isaiah, Joe. They got six, seven guys, Dwight that can defend at an elite level. And you got Chet protecting the rim. You right. And you got a guy that's top three, top three, top four in Steve Steels in shape. They get a lot of deflection. They do a great job of passing, playing pass lanes.


They do a great job of helping. They do a great job of funneling and they know where they're vulnerable. We've got to make the Indiana player a half court set. Yeah. We cannot let them get up and down. We're gonna make them play. We gonna make you execute at a half court set. And if you execute time and time and time again, you, hey, You know, you like the, you like that transition Dwight. 'cause you want some easy baskets. Yeah, yeah. It gets hard to execute every single time down the floor. And you gotta run, set. It gets hard. You are right. But that's what OKC forces their opponents to do. I mean, you're gonna get some, I mean, it's hard to step somebody from getting zero points in transition. Yeah. But they gonna make it difficult. Tyree, Halliburton, in the fourth quarter, 11 fourth quarter points, he had 21 total points.


Six rebounds, 13 assists, three steals. Man, hey overrate that overrate that. Hey, I think that's, I don't know who voted and said like 12 guys voted. I don't know who those 12 guys was. Overrate that. I think they need to take that out. I think that's disrespectful to the, all the players in the league to sit and vote against somebody that's your own. Like we are brotherhood. We are a fraternity. So it's like, I think that, You know, pushing that type of, You know, a overrated player narrative. Yeah. That kind of narrative is bad, man. Hey, do I like that? Honestly, I, me and uncle was talking about it when it came out and I'm thinking about, You know, when they, they talk about players in the NFL when they, they do the, the top 50 or top 100.


And I'm, as long as I played, I never ever voted for anything like that. So you played the game for a long time. At any point in your career, did you ever vote for players? Nah, I do. Like if we do the team stuff, like one of the best teammates and stuff like that. But now, like on the court, on the court stuff. Yeah. See? Nah, that's Why I think that stuff is made up by media. I don't, I don't really, I don't, I don't think it's real. And they did they just say it's the players? Oh, the vote. The the, they say the player said it, but I think it's nothing about the media uncle. I don't know. I don't know why I don't like that. Yeah, Man. K What's his name? Just lost man. Kayla play it. Yeah man. He got knocked out. He went down.


It just, it just ended. Damn. Guess what guys? What happened? The Eastern Conference. Larry Bird winner is Pascal, aka mm. Tyree Halliburton was second in points. First in rebounds, first in assist, first in steals, first in stocks. He was tied with threes. Pascal received five first place votes. Tyrese Halliburton received four. Dwight arch burner of nba.com had Halliburton. Tim Bontemps had Pascal Scum. Jamal Collier had Tyree Halliburton.


And after Star reporter had Pascal Scum, Katie, George s Esp n Radio had Pascal sicu, Fred Kaz, the Ale Athletic had Pascal sicu, Reggie Miller and t, that's Tyree, Halliburton, Steve Pop Newsday, aka Joe Varden, the athletic Tyrese, Halliburton. It could have, we coulda gone either way. I mean, if you go back and look, you look at the guy. I mean, those thought, I mean both of those, those both of those guys are so important to the, to the success of the team. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But you go back and you, what was that game one Tyrese? I mean that game he had 39. Was it game two?


That was, that was passed down? Yeah. 39. Yeah, in the game four. He had another 30 point game. 36. And then tonight he had another 30 point game. But look, if they, if if Halliburton had a won, I wouldn't have been disappointed. I'm not, I'm not. I mean, I can make a case, I can make a compelling argument for either guy. Somebody had to win. Somebody had, I'm glad because guess what happened? Glad you had it. Nine had nine people voted because you had 10. You probably got a tie and then had to split award. And no, nobody want no split awards. Especially in today's game. But congratulations to Pascal. Hell yeah. I mean, but Halle came, well look at, look at what Halle had on when he was in the tunnel. Now he looked like he was coming to play. I mean, you like this here, you have to look.


He dressed like I saw Tweet. I think Ben Stiller said, Hey, I see you packed to come back to New York. Look at Halle. Go Halle. Go Halle. Go Halle. Hey go Halle Clean. Boy. That ain't, that ain't nothing. That's, that's a funeral outfit, huh? Yeah. And he well, he, Hey, what he the mix? Damn. Damn, man. Hey, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna root for the, I'm gonna root for the Pacers. I'm rooting for the underdog. I'm root for the Pacers only because they're close to Cincinnati right down the street. I, I'm, I'm root for you to pay me my money. Huh? It's gonna be one of the best finals, man. It's gonna be a good one. Wow. Say that. I mean, Halliburton was trying to pull a LeBron. He tried to, or a yo trying to lead his team in everything.


I mean, he was second in points. He was first in rebounds of assist steel stocks. First in, he was tied for, for threes. But Pascal look, like I said, those games, I mean, PA game two Pascal was huge. 39 big points. And then he followed that up in game four with Boom, a big, another big night. And he followed up again the night, 31 points. And every time they tried to make a run, Pascal would make a play either with a rebound, it was a big two point shot or a three point shot. So I ain't mad at him. I mean, the man a plus, he got probably held that thing together because, You know what I'm saying, Dwight, he has championship experience. Yeah, I was, he was on the 2019 Toronto team.


I was just about to say that, man. He, he has been here before, You know, so he knows exactly what it takes to win. He has that experience, he has that championship pedigree. This is why he was highly sought after coming from coming to Toronto. So, man, just like I was saying before we got on, he went in there and said, listen, I'm the captain now. Hey, but I, I like that at me, man. Look at, Hey Irish, look at me. I do. Yeah. He was a, and You know, they look, they tried to give him a hard time. There was a poor asking him like, what happened in game five? And he said, they just played hard.


It wasn't that we didn't play hard. Right. They played hard. But at some point somebody's gotta win. Yeah. I mean, and sometimes you can play your hardest, but it didn't look like they came out. Look, and the way the Knicks came out tonight, you can tell it was a sense of desperation. They were really, really desperate. 'cause I don't want you celebrating. Look, I don't want you celebrating at all, but I damn sure don't want you celebrating in my house. Oh yeah. You not Finn to throw no birthday party for somebody else at my house. Nah, you gotta go take that bang down to the YMCA. Yeah, but you ain't celebrating here. So they got 'em back and You know, he, he is like, bro, I I don't know where you going with this. They just, Hey, hey, it happens. It's basketball. Sometimes the team plays, they play, You know, they get the loose balls, they make some shots.


They played harder than we did. It's not that we didn't play hard, they played harder. Yeah. Yeah. And now it'd be interesting to see what the, what the reporter has to say about Pascal performance tonight and being the Larry Bird, the Eastern Conference. MVP of the Eastern Conference finals. That's so tough. Congrats to pastor out, man. Big shout out. Oh, it was the, oh, it was the guy guy. It was the guy last year. The guy banned from covering Kaitlyn Clark. Oh, Greg Doy. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. He's doing that on purpose. Don't, yeah, He started because he said something slick. He was something slick about Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You okay, He doing that, he doing that on purpose. Yeah. You know, he, he's purposely, he's, he's purposely create those moments.


The same one. Remember when Jim Rome purposely Yeah. Called Yeah. Say he, he doing this thing. So they, he, they clip foreman, they call it farming. Yes. You know, he's purposely creating those moments. Okay. And the thing is though, look, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't go to journalism school, but I know, or as a reporter, you're not supposed to be a part of the story. Your job is to cover what you see, talk about what you saw, but never become a part of the story. And sometimes that happens. Guys become a part of the story. Yeah. And he tried to make himself a part of the story. Right. Just like, look, Caitlyn Clark doing that gesture to her boyfriend or whoever she was doing it to. Bro, why would you fix your mouth to ask, talking about if you, if you, if she did it, if he did it to you, why you do it, would you do it back to her?


Man, stop it. You, you never insert yourself in a situation like that. Right. But I'm glad for Pascal, I'm happy that he played extremely well tonight. He's played extremely well in this series. But so did Tallie s Halliburton. That's not to take anything away from Halle because Halle had nothing to be hang his head about. I thought Halle was unbelievable. He's the captain. He's the captain. He steers everything. But he is so, make sure everybody's in place. He's always, Hey, he gets up, all his head is up. He looking to get an easy one. And, but they wanted tonight the Indianapolis pace in the, the Indiana Pacers, Indiana Pacers are going to the NBA finals. Yes. Dwight, sir, coach a, you ain't played the whole night.


Coach say, Hey Dwight, go and get in there. Go and get this last 15, 15, 20 seconds. Which team if I'm on the next, you the, the Pacers. Oh, if I'm on the team right now? Yeah. Oh. He said go with 15 seconds left. Oh boy. Yeah, go get that 15 outta the day. Go and get that deep day. Hey Howard. Hey Howard. I would say Coach, you want me to go in or you want me to see what the crowd want? I might go in the crowd. Yeah. I go in the game in 15 seconds. You gonna go get that LA Hey Ocho, that's like, hey, they put you in for the kneel down. Nah, coach, I'm good. Put who? I'm good.


Nah, I'm gonna be kneeling on the sideline. That's about it. If I'm on, if I'm on the, I'm out that. Oh. So if you on the winning team, you gonna go to get the 15 seconds? Yeah, I'm good. I would say coach man, I'm gonna be stubborn just like the rest of them. Hair you got up there, team all just kidding. Hey. Yeah, but hey then try to put me in the knee down and coach the next time I go take a knee. We gonna be saying the prayer inside the locker room. That, that, that's the next time. I'm thinking they ain't been dog coach. I'm good. That disrespect dis. But I mean, hey everybody, I mean hold on. Everybody got in. Nah, you can't.


That's too late. You might as well keep him in for 15 seconds. Somebody, somebody ain't play all season. You gonna put 'em in for 15 seconds. They ain't down in the game. That's a sign of that's disrespectful. What's the point? Yeah, they got you ick Daddy, PJ and Campaign was the only two that didn't get in for the mix and Jackson and, and and, and Bradley were the only two that didn't get in for the Pacers. Yeah. What I'm gonna go but hey, guess what? Hey, I'm going in out, You know what? I'm gonna go in because 35 years from now, what I'm telling my grandkids, they don't know. Hey, You know your papa got in there, hit it four, five quick points. They gonna go back and look at the video, man, they got it. Now it's over.


Hey hold on. You know your pop that got him a rebound. Hey I him a rebound to get him to see us or something. Right. Tell them everything. Hey, do NBA players, obviously NBA players have incentives in their contracts as well. You think maybe him having, going in with that, that short amount of time might have triggered an incentive? No. Hell No, man. No offense. No. They probably have incentives if you, if you were the play, You know, if you, you, if you go to the NBA finals or something like that, you get an MVP award, defensive player of the year award like that. But not know if I get in the game of the NB. Nah. Hell nah. That's totally disrespectful. What logical reason is it to put someone in, put me in A game with 15 seconds, seconds, man, lemme get, Hey, lemme get that bird.


I been practicing all this. Lemme you can't even, you ain't get loose 15 gonna break slow. Hey coach the other team. Just go hold ball. I hate it to you, but I need, I need 20 seconds to get to get loose. You got 15 seconds by the, by the, by the time I get stretched the game ain't gonna be over Coach. Man. I be so tight. For real. I know. I was just saying, I go, I be so mad at the coach really tried to put me in the game with 15 seconds. I might take the ball and and throw it in the stands. Man, whatcha doing Coach. Listen, hey going let me, let me tell you, I, I don't know what's worse, but these might have to be the two worst things is for a coach to ask you to go in the game with 10 seconds or just a little bit of time on the clock or when you was a little kid and you got picked last in pe hopefully both of them is equipped.


That's, that's, Yeah, but here's the thing, there ain't no footage of me getting picked last. There ain't no footage of me getting picked last. And while you bull driving, there ain't no, there ain't no footage of me going in there with no 10 seconds on the clock doing no kneel down either. So I'm covered either way. But I, I look, I mean some guys like, hey, I got, at least I got in the game. But that used to be how it was when you growing up in Little league. I mean everybody didn't play the full play all the minutes like you and I Dwight to play down. You right. Sometimes kids just get in the game. Hey son, go get in there and Be happy. Be happy as hell. Yeah. Because that's the only way a uniform gonna get his You gonna go home with a clean uniform again.


Just happy to get out there, man. Nah, don't put your kid out there for 10 seconds, man. 15 seconds. Let's over with don't let him sit on the sideline. Check this out. The last two teams to trade Paul George are in the NBA finals. Indiana traded him for Victor Ola Depot to O-K-C-O-K-C traded him to the Clippers for Shea Gils. Ain't that that that, that, I mean, hey, that ain't a bad deal. That that that did that did all right. Yeah, that Worked out both for both parties. Both parties. Yeah. Yeah. It's working Out. It's, it is working out well, but listen, I'm I'm gonna I'm gonna give you one, I'm gonna give you one in, in in soccer terms with, so PSG won Champions League today, right?


Yep. Yeah. Not so long ago. PS PSG had three of what I would like to consider some of the, the best players in the world at Messi. They had Namar and they had IMB Mbae. The reason IMB Mbae leaves Messi's down here in the inner Miami Namar is at Santos right now, if I'm not mistaken, obviously after tearing this ACL in Saudi and obviously it's a, it's a new team. They got a young 19-year-old, I don't know how to pronounce his last name, his friend's last name do or do something like that. And they just won Champion's league today. But they couldn't even sniff a Champion's league obviously With all that talent on there when they had a oped name.


Yeah, no, I'm, these ain't just no anybody Uncle we talking about the crem de la crem when it comes to players all on one team. Right. And they Just, it happens like that. I, I don't, I don't, I I understand why you asked Your question. How many champ how many league you think, how many championships you think they won? If they had Namar, Ronaldo and Messi the same because they the same mess. And Ronald Bernardo basically do the same. Yeah, a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. They're not gonna win. Yeah, you gotta have, you gotta have, you gotta balance it out. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And that's, that's the p they have a balanced team. Yeah. Back, back to front. Anyway, I, I didn't mean to bring sock up my bad. But anyway, You see the Knicks fan, the Knicks fans already jinxed.


They had game seven hats made. Y'all see? Can you we got that up on the screen. They might as well. Lemme get one of them. Yeah. I put another seven on it. Game 77 1 didn't do that. Come on Ns. That's crazy. Not a N Out. Hey y'all be some guess what? There'll be some third World country that get some nice game. Seven hats. They'll get all the paraphernalia that was supposed to be for the Knicks. Just like they got what was supposed to be for the, the Chiefs had they won that goes to Third World countries.


Somebody gonna get some nice World Series, the Yankees World Series gear from last year. Hey, it ain't even gotta go to no third World Country. Just gimme a couple hats over here. I stay in the country because let me get a couple with them. What you talking about? You wear a game? You a game seven hat? Yeah, wear a game. Seven hat with an outfit. They be like, when you nigga go to game seven be like, man, I don't remember. I just got the hat. 73. 73. Yeah. That, that was the last game. 7 73. Yeah, exactly. Oh. Oh man, man, spike probably sick. He's so tight. He finna make a movie.


Steven a my dog Steven a I know he throwing up right now, Caroline. I finna go way back now. It, hey, You know, honestly, it's really nothing to feel that bad about is make it, because when You get that close Ocho it hurt Ocho it hurts. Okay. Okay. Right. Because You know, hey, when you, at least we got there, that don't work no more. Right, Right, right, right. But listen, they'll be back next year. They not gonna make it this far because the heat is gonna be the heat, but You know, gonna Be the, he gonna be a whole new team. No, no, no. And plus, Plus The thing, Dwight ain't heard the news yet. What's the news? He talking about Yiannis going to the heat And Ja Morron.


Ooh, Yeah, yeah, yeah. I talked, but, but you Gotta wait till after the playoffs anyway, so Bingo, bingo. I listen, I, I done sat down with M Sson and Pat Riley and Ster, So all of them coming. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We, it, it's gonna be, I I can't say nothing, but as far the teams in the works to get this thing happening. Get this thing. Okay, Well, in the meantime, in between time we got the big three basketball this summer. I'm playing in the big three this year. So who your, who on your team do I the Team. What team you on? La Riot. The La Riot. Okay, okay. Okay. Yes. Oh, is you with Jeff Teague's on your team?


Right. Jeff Teague. Jordan Crawford, Wesley Johnson, Elijah Stewart. Yes, sir. I like that. I like that. Yeah. Y'all need, I You gonna be shooting four pointers. Really? I'm gonna be, I'm trying to win. I'm trying to win, man. I'm trying to win. Why you gotta get one full pointer? I mean, yeah. Hey, just tell him for every fight, fifth rebound. I'm shooting a four pointer. I like that. I like that. But I'm trying to win. I ain't trying to play around and yeah, I'm trying to go in and win this big three, but we'll be down In Miami, Dwight, when y'all, when y'all see this dog? June 14th.


Oh, y'all around the corner? Yeah. Yeah, man. Hey, oh, Joe, do you see them tickets? They wanted half a million dollars for Courtside tickets for Game seven. Serious. Crazy. Yep. Wait, they weren't even at, at, at, at, at at the garden though. Now they, it was gonna back at the garden. It was gonna be back there. They was gonna be back at the garden. Oh, You saying? Oh, if they came back to game seven. Okay. Yep. You said that's understandable. You hold, Hold, hold up. I ain't hear That. Right. Half 1,000,002 Tickets were half a million quarter. They, each ticket was 250,000 A piece. Now, now who, who, who could, who could afford that? A lot of people in New York can afford it. Time out, time out, time out, time out.


Let's, let's listen. I know we all got money, right? Let, let's, let's, let's come back down. I ain't Got that kind money. Okay. I'm Playing for $500,000. I'm playing, I'm getting a jersey. I'm getting sneakers. I'm getting you in the game. But he just said how be, he said, is it people who can afford those tickets? And we just saying Yeah. Some people in New York that can afford those tickets. Hell yeah. Ain paying for, right? We told, we told, listen, who in the hell in this world, in this economy. Right, right, right now. Right. Listen to me now stay with me. Can afford 500 grand to, to, to throw away 500 grand. Not throw away. You have to actually love the game of basketball to pay 20 $50,000 ticket for a 12 basketball game.


And then you lose, or you win. Either way it goes. You Have to, all I'm gonna is You have to hope you win. Game seven. Yeah. And he has five, 500,000 down the, That's 500 going down the drain. Hey, but look here. New York City has more billionaires and millionaires than any other city in the world. So there are a lot of mo foes that could afford $500,000 and they just don't pay for one night. Hey, whoa. Hold on. Hold on. Huh. New York has the most billionaires and millionaires. Yep.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card. Now terms, apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025, and spend 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms, c rates and fees.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two Ozempic in a Pill. It's Oral Semaglutide and is now available from Future Health. Go to future health.com to get affordable access to Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic, and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. No insurance needed. Visit future health.com future without the e to start losing this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Pringles, Ritz crackers and chips, sliced soda, wonder buns, and bread and natural choice lunch meat. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


The funny thing about it is the people that had that kind of wealth, that kind of wealth to say, oh, here's 500 grand. It ain't the one, it ain't the ones who are the millionaires? No, They, the billionaires. Bingo. Yeah. What was the game? Four them, them tickets in game five was like 70,000 a ticket for courts. Huh? Wait At the guard? Yes. 70,000 a piece. 70. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. But that's, that's, and the closer you get to and the, and the closer you get to center court, the more expensive they are. Hey, send a court right here.


You see the TV back there? Right Now I'm looking at center court. Hey, they that center court. It don't cost me nothing. Truth. I'm Not gonna spend that much money on no basketball game. Mancho. Think about what the 50, think about what people pay for the suites at the Super Bowl. They paying a million, $2 million for a suite. You, you gotta, this is different though. The Super Bowl is, Is one big your team go lose what happened? You paid $2 million of your team lost. But Hey, Unc, this is the, this is the whole point. If people at the Super Bowl aren't even the real fans Yeah. It's a big event. That's A celebrity Event. Yeah. They paying for that game. They the real fan. The game, those pork over corporate sponsors, they bringing in all the, You know, the famous the rich people. They, they can afford that. Those are couple no Sweetss.


What big, what billion. That, You know, a Knicks fan, he ain't got no nigga gear on. They just doing that just because they got money. Say, hey. Because a lot of times you go to an event like that, I was there. Yeah. It's like you, when you paid that money to see Jordan hit that shot in Utah. You never know. Or I was there when some, when Barry Bonds broke the record. You pay all that money. A lot of times you pay for the opportunity to say, I was there, I was There. That's it. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Creating, creating memories, creating memories is I I can create memories without spending that kind of money. Yeah. Half a million. I mean, half a million dollars. That's too much. Oh no. Like I said, for half a million, they gonna put me in the game. Somebody, some team is going to put me in the game. I'm going in the game myself.


If I Spend that much money, I'm gonna just walk on the court. Hey, gimme the ballpark. If, if, if, if there's a game seven on Yeah. And You know, I would never spend that kind of money, but if I just did for, for whatever reason, and I would have to create content and I would become part of history because I'm gonna street to court. I'm, I'm gonna street to court. I'm, I'm gonna run out there, slap the basketball and What you ain't the whole game. I just said if I'm gonna spend that kind of money. I'm gonna be a part of history. That's the whole, that's the whole point. You gonna never Be able go to another, Hey ain you be on camera, they get you on camera, they'll get you, they no, they get you on camera.


You, I mean, you spend that kinda money, you coincide. I mean, look, and then they, they make sure the camera, they make sure the cameras get you. I mean, look, I, I saw Callie Jenner and, and Ette. Shaima. I saw Kaitlyn Clark and Boston. I saw Mike Epps. Did anybody? I mean, look, first of all, it ain't like any that. I mean, they got John Cougar Mellencamp, they got Mike Kelps and they got Kaitlyn Clark. That's about it, Man. You can't talk about Indiana like that. Peyton live in Denver. I love Indiana. I mean, ain't like, it ain't like New York. It's not like la Yeah, in LA NBA finals, you gonna see the who's who they all coming out.


Yeah. From Denzel to I'm talking about who? Big, big, big, big, big dog. Yeah. Oh, they finna come outta Indiana. Now it's up. Who in Indiana? Man, come on man. Who? It's up man. Everybody coming out. I Be, lemme ask you a question. What stars you see in, in the Western conference Finals That was at, that was at A OKC. Nobody. Exactly. Exactly. Talk. No. Austin the same Chris talk And same thing with Minnesota. Who they got, I mean, unless you gonna bring out Jetta, you gonna bring out Jetta.


I mean like, the markets is is New York and it's la It is what? It's Dubai. You know it is what? It's You right at that. That is true. Now Atlanta, now you gonna see a, now Atlanta, You know, a everybody, they gonna have a, from Booey to baby to aa, DC I mean everybody. Yeah, everybody. That's somebody, yeah. Usher gonna be at the game. Yeah. But other places just don't have 'em. This doesn't have, they don't have it like that Indiana look and, and that's not an knock, but I mean, there's not a whole lot of celebs that's lived in the Midwest. They just don't. And You know the LA that when you, when you think about la it's, it is different.


We talk about the elites. Yes. About the A-list. Yeah. The ho ho you Would see Ho Yeah, You would see Hove and Beyonce at a, at a next G or the NB final very, if it was in LA you see them, you would see that level of celebrity D you'll see a probably a Drake something. You, you'll see like that. But like, man, I ain't going, no, I ain't going no Indiana no OKC. Y'all tripping. I like, I like both Indiana and, Okay. C oh, I'll go to Indiana just to go to Country Kitchen. Okay. I'm gonna get the fried Catfish at your, Hey, You Know what You know about Come to Kitchen man.


I know Cynthia. I go there all the time. I got my picture on the wall. They done, they done drew me in. I'm a, I'm a regular my Picture up there at Country Kitchen too, now I know About, yeah. I'm a, I'm a regular country kitchen. They already know what I'm gonna get. I'm gonna get a, get some of everything. Damn. I ain't been that in a minute, man. Man. Yeah. Oh. Every time I, every, there's not been one time I've been to Indy that I haven't gone by. Have you been to St. Elmo's? I have. Yeah. Yeah, they, that that horse radish for that thing caught me. I don't like that horse. Rad it make it put my No here out Everything up. Yeah they do. I'm good with that. The Minnesota Timber wolves are reportedly looking to trade for an alpha and are expected to pursue Kevin Durant per KO hoops Alpha.


The timber Wolves need another alpha next to Edwards to win it all. Which is why my why sources told Hoops wire that Minnesota is expected to pursue Durant and a trade again this off season. Mm. They tried to get him at the trade deadline, but KD made it abundantly clear he doesn't wanna leave. You know, there's a lot that comes along here and let's, hey, let's get a trading cap. It's what you think Dwight, do they, do they have the pieces? I don't know in order to pull it off, I don't know considering what they gave up to get Go Bear. I don't know if they got the pieces, I mean or what. I mean all you got is Jayden McDaniels and Ju and Julius Re is a free agent. Man, that's a, yeah.


Ooh, that's tough. I'm just trying to think about M kill Lexander Walker. I think he's a free agent, so I'm just trying to I see. The thing is all that sounds good in theory right now we're looking at it. Dwight no, Cho. We're looking at it like team to team Now. If we get 2, 3, 4 teams involved, now maybe somebody can swing something, but Yeah, but I'm not in the business of helping you guys. I'm not in the business of helping KD win win. Yeah. I'm looking at, I think that'll really help Ants development by having kd, I think they just need some more shooter.


I don't know. I plus and KD will be 37 at the start of the season. Right. People ain't giving up a whole lot of guy For a guy that's 37 that has an injury history, KD is phenomenal. He's a first ball hall of famer. He's our greatest men's Olympic basketball player there. He's an MVP, he's a finals. MVP. No one is questioning, he is his resume. But the fact of the matter is he's about to be 37 and he has an injury history that is not conjecture. That's not innuendo. That's not speculation. That of those are facts. You, You know what, even with the injury history, based on who it is, I think they would overlook it.


Same reason. That's what Phoenix do. But hey, A a small example Dwight and look at the Steelers. Hell Aren Rogers has the injury history. But look at his resume. Look at His actually, but I ain't gotta give up. All I gotta do is pay his salary. I ain't gotta give up nothing to get him. It'd be a whole different thing if I gotta give up three first rounds and a second round and a third. Okay. Okay. All right. And when you put, So that's the thing. And see, you look at, think about it. Look at what, what, what Minnesota gave up to get Rudy Gobert, look at what the Knicks gave up to get Mikhail Bridges. Right. And people automatically think, but Kevin, but because of K's age and his injury history, I mean Mikhail Bridges hadn't, Mr. Gave me what, five, six years. True.


I was shocked that Minnesota gave up what they gave up to get Gobert because he's a one end player. Yeah. He can only play the defensive end and you can't play him in the fourth quarter unless you play in the Lakers and the Lakers don't have a big, so you can leave his ass out there the wrong, but other than that, you go back and study, go back and look at Rudy Gobert when he was in Utah. Go back and look at Rudy. Gobert not proud of the, this year. Look at him in the fourth quarter. He on a bench. I'm not giving up for a five first round for a guy that I can't play the entirety of the game. Right. That's true. That, but I mean, but then you gotta think too, like the reason why they're keeping him is because he got those four defensive player player of the year award.


So during the regular season. But they don't know why I can't play him in the fourth quarter when I need a defensive player of the year on the court. You right. But I'm just thinking how the team is gonna look at it like, man, I'm producing the best defensive player that we've seen in history as far as awards go and stuff like that. He not, and I and you, we can say, people can say that as people who watch and play, but let's just look at, he has that award four times the impact that he's having on the floor, regardless of what should saying ad should have got it this year, last this, this year. Well last year man. But Rudy's Impact might not show up or, or no.


Or Wendy. Or Wendy. I did Wendy, Wendy had to leave you blocked shots and played 40 something games. Nah, that's who I had picked. Who should have won it last year? I think this Okay, I won't fight you then. That's who I have. I just think that his presence is why they keep, keep him around. He's seven two. I mean, come on, just think about it. He's seven two, you can't teach height. You can't teach size. He can get up block shots. Tell me how I teach him to steal in the court in the fourth quarter. Tell me how I teach. That Is hard. He's the liability on defense in the fourth. And The thing is, Dwight, he's not a on ball defender. He's a help defender. I'm not saying, I'm not giving him no four first round picks for no help defender.


You're right. He's a, he's a help defender. He's not an on ball defender. He doesn't do what? And they put his ass in a pick and roll. He can't move side to side guys. Get him going side to side to get him going downhill. He's not like what? You and Ben Wallace. When I think of guys Draymond, when I look at guys that not only can they help, but they can defend on the ball. That's not what Rudy is. I think he got, I think he's got better though. If you can go back and look at a couple years ago to when he played Luca this year in the playoffs, he was able to play him one-on-one a little bit better. They allowed him to actually play one-on-one defense. So I have been somebody who's always been saying like, man, it's crazy Rudy Ke You know, I don't see like his defensive like passion, but I could see that he's gotten better over the years with his defensive presence.


It's just not, I don't think it's any, I don't think it's him. You know what I'm saying? Like, he got to get on the offensive bed. I think he gotta get Yes, he gotta get something going. Like at least he don't get, I mean 10 points. Oh look, I get it. If he was giving me, let's just say for the sake of argument, Dwight, he was giving me 15. Yes. He was giving me 15 and 13. Yes. With those two and a half, three block shots A game. You got me then you good. Got me pick and roll seal the small in the paint. Yeah. Go up and dunk it. He don't even have to look at the rim. He can go up and dunk it backwards. I'm damn serious. Like he's, bro, I'm 6 11, 6 10, 6 11.


So every time I wanted to dunk, I tried to jump my highest, my hardest so I could clear the rim and dunk hard. He's seven two, he ain't gotta jump that high. All he gotta do is be close to the rim. So he get this pick and roll. Actually he go seal the big, he gotta be another option in that offense. That's, that's the one thing that I think is messing up Minnesota is he's not an option on the offensive end. So he becomes a liability. Yeah. And I think later on in my career, that's what it was with me. You know, I was great for the defensive side, but I think a lot of times offensively teams wanted to space the floor and I was not a, a floor spacing.


And, and he had his, he had his lowest points since 20 15, 16. How many he have, he averaged 12 points a game. That's the lowest he averaged since 20 15, 16. That's the second. He had the second fewest rebounds since 20 17, 18. So what we again, what we talking about not Dwight. I mean I think about that he got the numbers. He's not, he's not the on ball defender and his points and rebound are coming down. I'm going to stand like this. When you get on that island with these boys in the, with these young men in the NBA, it is hard man. You get deep up in that water and what big man been dumped no more than than Rudy.


Nobody. Exactly. Exactly. But look, no, that's good. Everybody got a poster with Rudy. He trying, at least he trying, Hey, he gonna, he gonna challenge everybody. Man, I I don't play. I, Hey, hey Dwight, I don't play 40, I don't pay 40 million for effort. I pay 40 million for results. But guess how he can back it up? He got full defensive players. Stop war. He got it. We can't take vote. Ask your question. If we were, if we were to take a vote and we asked and we asked the players or we asked writers, who gonna say Rudy Gobert is the best defensive player in NBA history even though he, he and Big Ben got the most defensive player.


Who's gonna say Rudy's the best, but this is, is he a better, is he a better defensive player than Akeem Elijah One? It's a simple yes or no. No, no. I didn't think so. Okay. But I DW said, I'm just thinking. I'm just thinking Yeah, both ways. Like, all right, so the Rudy is a, a team defender help defense. Hakeem could play all positions, play defense against everybody. Could he help own ball? Yeah, but the rules is different. Back then the court, this was ex is extended now than it wa than it was, than it was back in the day.


So I'm kind of looking at it from both sides. Like I want to give Rudy some credit because he got four defensive player of the year awards. Like regardless of how he want to put it, slice it, he still got four of them. They can't take the YouTube awards you got and all the awards you got, You know, you see nothing. You feel back now everything you got back there, you earned it. Right. No matter what anybody say you did it. That's what I'm saying about Rudy. I can't, I only got three. He got four. So you got 'em all back to back. Dwight, they got tired of giving 'em to you, Dwight. They got tired of giving to you and they ain't get tired of giving it to him because he French and he must was talking another language. Man, I should have learned another language and I was in the lead, man, I would've got another one man.


Dang. They got, they got, they got, but, but you, you are right. But can you imagine with Eli one with his, with his, with his foot, with his footwork, if he had to play how many points he would average because they, everybody had bigs back then. Yeah. Everybody. And you had two of them. Yeah, four. So you going to, he going against David Robinson, Patrick Ewen, Rick Smith, Mark Eaton, I mean Robert Par, mcc, I mean everybody had, I mean it was true. It was the big and everybody played inside out. Not everybody played outside in. And it is so far out that like if you a traditional big like Rudy, it exposes the type of big you are.


He's, he's a traditional type of big. So he's started out, he'd have been better in the eighties and nineties era. He started, think about it. He started playing in my era. So he's used to the big spin, the four and fives is a 6 10, 6 11. And everybody's in the pain. He's used to being able to tag and get back to a big that's rolling now. It's pick and roll. It's pick and pop. So when he trying to get back into a pick, they throw it out into his name. He spotting a four three. That's tough for him. So yeah, that's yo, that's B. Yeah. Yeah. That's pretty tough for him. But yeah. And I just say he got four.


He got four. He trying, he trying, he he boxing during the summer. He is trying to get his footwear right. I just think his shoes too big. He wears size 24 feet too big. He what tie he wear? It ain't nothing do with that look like he wear size 24. His shoes be so tight. Shoe streams tight as hell. That's why he can't play defense and hey and, and plus he got a knee brace on he, I think he Carrie knee at some point. So it's hard been braces. I'm sorry, I don't know if we can say that word, but them big old knee braces, they be in the way. He can't even move. Yeah, he can't move. They gonna pop. You look like a lineman out there with those knee braces on. He tripping. Dwight, lemme ask you this. Giannis have, do you think, yo, you picking up I'm pick you, you got Dwight Howard, you are the starting center and you get KD or you get Giannis, you can't have 'em both.


You get one or the other in the prime. Yes. Ooh, that's so tough. That's a good one. That's a good one. But I'm going kd, KD inside out attack me and Kdd inside out that three level scores. Yeah. I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get guys that foul to early and running the flow, get points, send the paint series you an easy bucket because they gonna have some bucket bucket and then you gonna dump it down and you, you gonna dunk on them. I'm doing that but I'm getting easy bucket, easy fouls early. So now you can't foul kd. Right. So he can get to any shot he want to get to.


Now the fourth quarter we picking up poison, we get to a drop. He playing the three hour drop 35, he catch it in the mid boast. I'm gonna come send him a screen. He come off that he got his jump shot to the rib while he got me on the lob. It's over with three shooters in the corner. Dwy, lemme ask you a question. I what if you had played with Luca and You know Luca loved the lob threat? Oh my god. Oh my god. Crazy. It's probably like Jason Kidd. Yes. When I was playing in the Olympics. Jason Kidd big tall point guard can see over everybody.


Would've been crazy. Would've been crazy.


The volume When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school because family supports family at American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse. Your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public university education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two Ozempic in a Pill. It's Oral Semaglutide and is now available from Future Health. Go to future health.com to get affordable access to Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. No insurance needed. Visit future health.com future without the E to start losing this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse spring and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


This is an iHeart podcast.