
This is an iHeart podcast when it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school. Because family supports family. At American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you As a military spouse, your tuition rate is the same as your partners, just two 50 per credit hour. American public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


The NBC nightly news legacy isn't handed down. Or BC News. I'm Tom Broan. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back, and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one minutes enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


Hello. It is Ryan. And we could all use an extra bright spot in our day, couldn't we? Just to make up for things like sitting in traffic, doing the dishes, counting your steps, You know, all the mundane stuff. That is why I am such a big fan of Chumba Casino. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere with daily bonuses. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com. Prohibit. Oh, Joe.


According to Ian Rappaport, James Cook is present at mandatory mini camp. There we go. And he seeks a new deal. James Cook had his simple response to why I like my money. That's why I'm here Cook as he plans to fully participate in training camp. Oh yeah. They gonna take care. They gonna take care of him. They gonna take and listen at the running back position. You really can't play that game with them. Boy. No, I'm, I'm just being honest. But they, they do not play that even though I, we view you, us on the outside looking in, we view you as a tier one running back along with Saquon and, and, and McCaffrey and, and and them boys. But you really can't play that. They already don't value the position as it is, as, as well as you did for the bills since you've been there.


But they will replace your ass quick in feeling they can put, they can find someone else that can do the same stuff you can do. Nah, don't do that. Don't play that game. I'm glad, I'm glad he's at mini camp. I'm glad he's at manager. Yeah. Bad Three day Miss mini camp over 105,000 in fines. Man. Listen. And You know, back, back when you and I played Ocho, if you got fine, signed a new contract, the team could forgive that. Fine. Yeah. Now they can't forgive a fine. You Can't give it. Yeah. You can't forgive it. Yeah. You go play with that money. He gonna be all right. They, they gonna take care of him though. They gonna take care of him. He gonna, he have to wait for him, but they gonna take care of him. Ocho Kyrie says Leave KAT alone. Let's take a listen to what Kyrie had to say today Before I forget.


Y'all gotta stop making fun of my brother Kat. I'm done with y'all. Stop making fun of my brother Kat. It's over for that. It's a fucking rap. I'm letting y'all know if you repost that shit again or you meme him up. I'm attacking you. Not like that physically in GTA, but I'm attacking you. All right. I'm attacking you. Y'all gotta leave Cat alone. Okay? Because y'all don't know what it's like to grow up in Jersey and have all of these cultures that you're a part of. Trust me on that Jersey is literally 130 miles long. It is very, very small state. But when I get back to my point, I'm gonna explain this to you, but I'm just saying leave him alone. All right. Leave our jersey. Like, because he's Dominican, he's black, he grew up in, You know, a certain area in Jersey just like me.


And you gotta survive out here and you have many different demographics of people, so you gotta survive out here. All right. Sometimes I don't, I don't agree all the time when he be, You know, changing up his tone sometimes I don't always agree and all that shit. You know what I mean? That should be funny. But on a serious note, he is a man. He's my brother and I protect him all the time. Yeah, that's what they be getting on his Kai. Hey, I like it. It's funny. I like when he do it, I like him. Listen. I like when he be changing when he gets his voices, Hey, hey, what'd he say? Huh? What'd he say? Bow and one.


Hey, I, I like it. I like it. I like when he changed his toad up sometimes to me. It's funny. I like it. Especially there was, there was, I don't know, was it TikTok or I saw it on Twitter. Yeah. Where they, they asked New York, they asked Knicks fans to give us your back, give us your best. Oh, they were spot on. Hey man, they were dog. I was in tears rolling. I was in tears rolling. So I listen, I understand Kyrie saying that's his boy, his boy and all, but he did From Jersey. It's all expectations. And You know, you close to home. It's right across the bridge. I mean, You know, he grew up in that area, You know, I mean, ca had a lot going on. He was very, he was extremely close. Yeah. When you say he was a mama's boy?


Yeah, he was absolutely 1000, 17000000% a mama's boy. Yeah. They were close. Close. Yeah. And that, that it, it took him a while to get over that. And he spoke, You know, I had him on the pod and he spoke about that. I like him, You know, get an opportunity to talk to him off camera and just see his mannerisms and things like that. I like I said, I like it. Yeah. Do I wish he would get down on the block more? Yes. Yeah. Yes. And I think, You know, he did a little bit more of that in the series against Indiana. He probably just, You know, do that a little more. But he's a guy, he's very, very philanthropic. You know, You know Joe and some of the people say that they believe, they believe he needs to, to get in better shape so he can play defense a little bit better than what he does.


Right. Considering he's seven foot tall and had what, one block shot? One block shot from game two to game five. Yeah. That's unacceptable Ocho. Yeah, It is. You seven foot tall. You right, you right. But I know one thing, Kyrie cannot, don't, don't stop him. Don't stop him from changing that tone up. That that junk is too funny man. Too funny. Oh my God. Hey, well that day be funny boy. Oh man. Wemby went to see monks this week. Ocho, check out this photo that's Weby as a shall and monk.


Woo. Hey you talking about discipline and structure. You I'm do listen me when I, nah man, listen, if Wendy's gonna do anything, if he ain't gonna do anything that is similar to what the monk's practice, man, he might come back and have 50 points a game. Huh? Now he need to go do a Kareem. You know Kareem wouldn't train with Bruce Lee for real? Jetson Coon. Yeah. You ain't you, you don't remember he was in the movie End of the Dragon. Oh, that's right. Tall ass. Okay, okay, okay. Yeah, yeah.


You right. You right, you right. You right. That's why ain't nobody mess with Kap. Like ain't nobody mess with James Johnson. You sure? James Johnson. Oh that played with the heat? Yeah, he was he in Indiana now? Yeah. If I mess with Ka ka that thing, man, He okay, but he got, was he a black belt? I think he has a black belt. Ain't Kareem black belt? I'm talking, I'm talking about James Johnson because I Think he, I think Bruce Lee disciplined with Jetson Kon Was Bruce Lee?


No. What was Kareem? Kareem don't have no belt, just a brown belt to hold his pants up. Oh. He probably ain't got none. Ocho would you ever go on a spiritual awakening? How many days is it there, there there's some factors that I need to know before I go on a spiritual awakening. How many days? It's gonna be three to Five. Oh yeah, about three to five. Yeah, I could Do that. Yeah. No, I don't think I'm going to Who that went, who that went up to the mountains and played, stayed up there for like 40 days or something.


Ooh, 40 Days in the Bible. Who that, who that went up into the who? That Mount Olive. They went up too old that Jordan. Somebody went up there and ate honey and locusts. Man, please send me to that shallow temple. Where, where, where? With Wendy. Hey, are they cooking chicken up there now? I need to know if they chicken breast thighs For three to five days. Oxtails Rice. I mean what, what we eating up there with Joe? Hey, three to five days I can live in any environment. I don't care how bad it is. Anything over that. I can't. I ain't, I ain't doing it a spiritual journey. I'm ready for that Man.


Jordan talking about he go to church. Hold on man. What happened? Yeah, that was John the Baptist. John the Baptist or was Moses? Yeah. A unusual food such as honey such as Locust and Wild Honey.


Hey, locust Locus is Our Yeah, I ain't, I ain't asking. Ask you, I'm trying to figure out how long did he go, how long did he go Jordan? A few days. He wasn't up there in no damn 40 days. See he wore a gar, a, a garment of camel's hair and a leather belt. Man, they had camels way back then, huh? Woo. Hey, he was fly. He put that shit on. Huh? Hold on, hold on. Titus Boy. He said camel hair and a leather belt and I like that idea.


I I like the idea. Let's, let's do that spiritual retreat and we could do the, we could do the spiritual retreat, right? Both of us up could talk about on Nightcap. Hold on. This said he lived, he lived in the wilderness till he was about 30. I sure hope he went up there when he was 29. Hey, I don't Like that. So we went in there like a child. Hold on. Anybody know Chad? How long he, how long did John the Baptist spend the wilderness? 30 years?


Nah, come on man. Nah, ah, Nah. I'm just saying it. See, hey say he disappeared in the wilderness for 30 years. No, I I I ain't throw, I ain't finna hold you. I Ain't even buying That one. I I probably got three to five days. Yeah, three to five. I could do that in the wilderness. In the mountains. I don't care where I'm at. Rigid, rigid, cold temperatures The last No, I don't need, I, no, I need, I need the ideal. I ain't trying to do no cold. I ain't trying to do no extreme temperatures. I ain't trying to do no extreme heat. No extreme cold. You Don't like the cold? No. Oh. I love, I love, I love extreme cold. I like 72 and Sunny. Nah, Nah. I need, I need to be, I need to cold. I need to have it cold.


Alright Ocho, we got a very special guest joining us joining us NBA skills trainer to the NBA and College stars Dribble. Too much dribble. What'd it do? What's up everybody? Man, I appreciate you guys having me here. No, I appreciate you coming on. What's the, do you go by Johnny or do you want to go by Dribble? Either Way. Whatever you, whatever you want. Dribble is cool. Okay, well let's start with this. How did you, how did you get into training NBA stars College stars? How did you, how did this profession come about? Well man, You know, chasing the GR dream and You know, growing up in my environment with nobody going to college in my family and being a Haitian American in my neighborhood, I just fell in love with the game man.


And You know, it kept me outta trouble and did a lot for my mom's heart stay her keeping me outta the streets and on that basketball court. So from there, You know, my goal was to play division one. I end up playing at Liberty University with Seth Curry. Then I end up chasing the dream to go to the league and playing in Mexico and getting hurt. And I feel like God pushed me to really be teaching more than playing. And I just committed two feeding into that. And I started a brand called Handle Lot. Okay, so your goal, so was your goal eventually was to play in the NBA. Did you wanna play in the NBA? Did you have aspirations of playing in the NBA? Yes, I had aspirations to play in the NBA. It was my goal to get there.


And no matter what, You know, and playing in Mexico and the horrible floors, it just, it gave me stress fractures and I, it messed up my journey and I just didn't feel like, You know, it was time for that anymore. And I just feel, felt like it was calling me, You know, to invest into these kids, these young kids. Yeah. You feel me? Hey, listen, when you were a kid, man dribbling you from, you from, are you you from down here in the crib? You from boy? Huh? Boy Beach, Florida. Ver Hold on. Hey, I ain't know you was from the crib where I'm from, boy. 5 6 1. And I said I raised, that's how you do. Oh, you right down the street where you went to high school at?


I went to Boy High Lamont. Okay. Hey, so La Lamar went to boy too. Lamar Yeah, Lamar Jackson, Travis Hunter. I played with Travis. So I was the, I was the, I was the res receiver on, on Boy High with Travis Hunter's dad. So like Okay, okay, okay. I don't people know about what Travis Hunter dad was doing out here in point. I I know about senior. I know about senior. Yeah. Yeah. Oh definitely. Hey, listen, listen, your client list reads from all has an all-star battle. You got Chris Paul DeMar, DeMar de Rose, you worked at Kobe White and Moore. When a future hall of famer walks into your gym and decides to get work, how do you, how do you decipher what someone that is already established needs to work on as opposed to someone that comes in that's new?


Man, that's an amazing question. And for me, when it's like that type of skill level, yes, I, I'm really confident in what I can do and, and what I'm teaching and how people to get better. But I take those opportunities to really ease into like building a relationship with them. 'cause I'm really there to learn even more from them. 'cause You know, even though I'm a trainer, these guys are seeing different defensive rotations. They're really out there. So I collaborate with Chris Paul and I let him have the floor and then I turn that into a drill and I add my skill to it and it just becomes like a collaboration on the workout. Right. Okay. So what's your opinion on the criticism with personal trainers and a a u ruining American basketball?


While we see the European players, we haven't had an American born MVP in I think seven years. So you hear LeBron say, you hear, I saw Richard Jefferson say, say it. I've heard Dwayne Wade say it. I heard a lot of guys say a a u and personal trainers are ruining it because, and and we see the uptick in European players starting to dominate the league. Well I would say a a u is almost like, it's like when we was back in the days on that outside court until the lights coming off playing 10 30, 40 games on concrete, right? Yeah. And just a new age in basketball.


But my opinion on it is, there's always gonna be a chance to play. Now you always gonna have a game to play. So to me, what they do over overseas Europe is they really care about the development and teaching the game and playing the game the right way. And then everything just starts to develop even more. So my opinion about it is I care more about the development. I think trainers are all the social media kind of, You know, gave training like a bad rep a little bit because some guys are just out there doing it for fun. They're not really like, committed to really learning the game and then giving back to the community and helping them get better and develop.


It's more, it might be a content play. Okay, I'll show you how to do these three moves. I get, You know, millions of likes. I do this trick and it's just like, it's a, it is a messy world right now with social media and all of it. And I come from the old school man, I put the work in the sweat equity and I just happen to have a million followers by my skill. Right? So that being said, I think if you focus on developing your craft, having a good skill and hard work, the followers will come. And I think that's a little bit far removed right now. People think they gotta be on a, You know, social media channel and have this type of collaboration. Nah, put up the work, put in work and there's a lot of resource now.


Resources now, no matter where you play, they will find you. So that's the positive thing about it. There's always games to play, but the development needs to take a, a real hit in my opinion. That that that's, that's a good thing that you just said that too. And all obviously for, for all the parents that might be watching, how are they supposed to tell a difference from those that can, that are trainers that can help with the child development and improving their game and those that are just taking money for content purposes? Yeah. Yeah man, it's like, it's really hard to disciple sometimes 'cause it is a business and coaches gotta make money 'cause they're invested, right? And so they gotta kind of pull their weight. But man, it's just far from removed from community basketball and that coach in your community that, You know, that's still working there probably right now, you guys probably know a coach that helped you out when you was younger and still in that same community.


And I think with the resources and the opportunity with basketball and the money involved and all of these things, it just takes out that love just to helping somebody just because you want to see 'em make it, you kind of start seeing like a benefit out of it. Like if you help this person and I come from an era where, You know, at Zel Hester and Boynton Beach Community Center, that's changed my life. Like, I still got coaches now that I go back every year and do camps and clinics there. And I think the coaching is just, it's just, it is just a different world, man. I'm still, I'm still learning it man. You guys are doing a credible job with the Meck media man. Thank you rich of that. For real.


When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school. Because family supports family At American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you As a military spouse, your tuition rate is the same as your partner's. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


The NBC Nightly News legacy isn't handed down or NBC News. I'm Tom Brohan. You Hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. Mint Mobile unlimited. Premium wireless. Happy to get 30. 30 bid to get 30 bid to get 20. 2020 bid. To get 2020 bid to get 1515. 1515. Just 15 bucks a month sold. Give It a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan equivalent 15 per month required new customer offer for first three months only speed. Slow after 35 gigabytes of networks taxes and fees. Extra siemen mobile com.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees.


When you look at handles, how do you, how, I mean, how do you rate handles? Do you look to somebody that could just pat the ball like, like Kyrie? Kyrie has tremendous handles in and out the heads. He, he, he's great with either hand. He might be the best below rim finisher in NBA history because of his skillset and the way he could spin the ball and the English he can put on with either hand. You look at, there have been great ball. Rod Strickland could handle the ball. Isaiah Thomas can handle the ball. Tim Hardaway and Allen Iverson had to crossover. So how do you judge handles man? First of all, do you have handles? No, because The way you described it, man, I, I'm I'm my ankles on the floor right now.


Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm the hooper. I'm I'm the hooper. I'm the hooper. I'm the hooper of the crew. Okay, bet bet man handles, man, the game has changed. 'cause now You know, every, if you can dribble the ball and space out the floor and get in that paint and kick out for three, like everybody is trying to handle the ball. And I think the Warriors really changed the game when Draymond Draymond started running that point. It just made people even be more aware of handles along with the guards that are, were winning back to back years from like Stephen Curry and Kyrie Irvin. These guys are being successful with handles. So I Think you work on handles, you work on everything, but the game is really about reaction.


Even those guys that you see doing the highlights, they're really reacting to defenders. So with handles, I like to teach kids on how to control the ball. Like starting from the feet down, You know, ball control, footwork, shoulder ball manipulation. You learn all of that to get to A to B really quick. And if somebody stopped that, then you got C and b. So I think it's just about how people are teaching the kids to be involved in the game and use their handles what whatever position it is and every position, you gotta handle the ball. To me, even if you're a big man in a dumping spot and you catching the ball and you gotta take one dribble to finish on the other side, that's still ball handling.


If you gotta do a euro and picking it off, pick it up off the ground, that's still ball handling. So I think it's really a part of the game that's really lift up in the community of basketball. And a lot of people are seeing the advantage of having good handles. But what we see now with handles, we didn't see the guys guys got handles now to get their shot off. You look at Steph Curry, he's in and out back. Hey James hard really started it where he would go and didn't do da da da, get that up. Guys didn't really have handle guys had handles to like break down a defense. Not guys have handles to get a shot off. Yeah, you look at a Kyrie, you look at a James Harden, you look at a Steph Curry, you look at these guys with the pull Kevin Durant with the, with the huge crossover to get to his spot.


Yeah. When did, when did that transition happen? When did we go from, because You know, guys back down in this turn over and shoot over one shoulder or the other. When do we get to the guise of the ta ta ta and get the shot off? That's such a good question, man. That's a really good question. I just, I just, the thing, I just think the game started evolving and the defense started getting, You know, like the, with the game evolving with like Kevin Durant putting pressure on another big fella, he's taking advantage back to the basket against a big fella his size. He might get that contest right, but if he bring him out there and he's been working on his handle all summer and he feels comfortable, now he's forcing somebody that's out of position to guard somebody like a guard.


And I've worked with Kevin Durant and he moves like he's six foot, Yeah he's smooth. Boom. He got little pockets he could get to off the pull up. And it's just much easier if you can handle the ball. You still got the bump fade, you still can create space, but if you can move that ball like a guard without getting turnovers and being efficient with it, you cause problems and you win championships at that position with Kevin Durant in my opinion. Hey, Shaa with the snatch, Shay got that snatch now is, I mean bro, That snatch, Hey, hey, do you see I I like street ball, right? Yeah. In in a, do you think, do you think someone that plays street ball or love the game of street ball can transition into playing organized basketball even though some of the habits are, are frowned upon in organized basketball?


Do you see a mixture of both being able to, to, to coincide together or, or or you don't think so? Absolutely. I think street ball is really unteachable. You gotta almost be in that vi there's some things now that I, I might do with the basketball right. And try to teach NBA guys on how to do it right. And then if they ain't grow up in that era of watching n one mix tapes get to my little and all that kind of stuff, what I grew up with. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The rhythm is a little off. Like back in the day I'm popping in a mix tape and I'm watching it over and over. This is like street ball. They carrying the ball over they, You know, everybody do.


Yeah. Rolling on the ground, everybody doing that. It just makes you more comfortable with the ball and it also brings out your personality. Yeah. And, and nowadays in basketball, especially with everybody trying to dribble the ball, they gonna box. They could box you, they could box you when you only doing this. Right. And then you gotta work on your handle on the low and then when you pop out everybody see it. But I think it just opens up your personality in street ball. It's all, I remember rest in piece the Escalade, even him like it's big stuff. Hey big boy, big boys. The handle the ball being able to create space, move like a guard. Some of the things that street ball thing, it carry over a lot and people who has that flare, like it's that, You know, even even Stephanie Curry does a couple of street ball moves.


A Lot of them guys haven't adopted That. Yeah. They adopt like, but they can, they know how to use it efficiently, You know? Right. They might do a street ball move and see it online. Especially now with all these one-on-ones and all this stuff. Yeah. I got NBA guys, they watching one-on-one battles. Like we used to watch smack DVD battles. They like watch, they're watching one-on-one and they're taking the things from one-on-one battles and they're applying it to the NBA. So they're definitely like in the community and the new and one now might be these like amazing players like that are playing one-on-one like next chapter and all these other guys doing it.


That might be the new street bump. You know what I mean? Yeah. Am I that's like, Yeah. I think the thing is Go ahead Ocho. Go ahead. I Just, yeah, I just had one more question. Listen you, you a you a basketball, so if you were to have a favorite player, not all time just who's your favorite player right now in the game today? You just love everything about their game from A to z, Kobe white. I just, I've been on the process man. I've got him when he first came into the league and he had a little shoulder injury, sir, he went from averaging nine points to jumping up to 19 to jumping up to 20. And he never missed the summer. And I've watched the process, I got clips that I could show you from training and working on reaction, working on his handle to translating and doing against LeBron one of his own idols.


Right? Yeah. So it's like, that's the special part for training for me is being able to see these guys get in the lab, work on something I help them create and then now they go in the game and they put it out there for every the world to see. And I'm able to be that middle person to show the youth be like, Hey, co White loses the ball just like you. He goes hard, he gets tired just like you. But all the work we put in that lab, that's why he's my favorite player because I know how much hard work he's put to be where he's at. So Kobe White's one of my favorite players. Chris Paul is one of my favorite players. Of course my clients, right? I get it. I feel like the clients that I have, Chris Paul, the Marta Rosen, Kobe White, these consistent clients that I have, they are a true professional.


And I think there's a difference between being a, a, a, a pro athlete and being a professional athlete coming every day and doing all of the things that you need to do to be great at this game. So No, professionally is your occupation a pro is how you go about the occupation? Yes, sir. I like that. I look at and oh, we talk about this a lot and you said, you said something very interesting. I think it's hard to not get incrementally better if you put the work in. I'm not saying that you're gonna go from a guidance averages 10 points to all of a sudden aging 33 points. Yep. I'm not gonna say that you're gonna be a guy that comes in and be, You know, You know, a, a sixth or seventh player the all of a sudden be a hall of famer.


But it's just hard for me to say a guy put time in in the gym and he is not getting incrementally better. Yeah. Because I see Shea, I see a guy like Officer Res, I see some of these guys that you can tell that they put the work in. But I can also see guys, they haven't gotten any better since their rookie year. Why you think that Sidney? Because they, because see the thing is what you say, see I see. Better than what I see. Better than I hear. I heard what you told me, but I see your game has not evolved. And as a matter of fact, you're worse now year three, year four than you were. You, you are one year two. Yeah. Because you're not putting the time in, in the gym.


The, I I'm not saying that you're gonna be all of a sudden be LeBron or Steph or one of these great players. Right. But it's just hard for you to put any amount of time into anything Right. And not get better at it. Yeah, That is, and I think like the adversity that comes with it and the timing, like those two things are very important because while you're getting better, there's gonna be adversity. You're gonna, sometimes you'll feel like, oh man. Like for instance, me, I was at Liberty University and I had the best handles in the team. Like, You know, I felt like I was the best player in the team and I, I didn't get it much playing time. I rolled the bench. I had Steph Curry as a freshman in front of leading the country and, and and scoring and the coach, coach co my coach wanted me to get pink touches and find people.


But when I got recruited I got recruited as a, as a sporter. So it was hard for me to like translate that. And I think people better evolve Your Game better. It's all about that circle of people that's around you. Like you might be in a situation where, okay, coach just wants you to run to the corner, shoot the three and play defense, but you got this whole bag that you can go to that's like a fine balance between doing what the coach needs you to do and then get it in your bad. So I think like, You know, with development, you gotta really like to, for that confidence to get better. It gotta be a lot of factors that's hitting it gotta be your upbringing. It gotta be, You know, the adversity on how you handle it, how you take direction.


It's more than just putting that ball in that basket and You know, working, we know a bunch of dudes from our neighborhood, they could they good and get, but it's a lot of things to get better in basketball. It's not just basketball, You know, it's like you gotta learn how to play this game and you gotta learn how to be a professional at at it. Dribble, all they wanted was a janitor or a cashier and you was trying to be VP of the CEO Thank All they want is this a janitor? That's all, that's all they were looking for. That's all they were looking for. That's All they need. They ain't saying you gonna be that next year. They just said they need you that to be that for right now. Can't you do How many, how many stories have we heard somebody starting out in the mail room?


Yeah. Somebody starting out at the bottom floor and all of a sudden they're CEO of the company. Yeah. Because a lot of times we can't see past our own situation. Yeah. We can't see out the box that we're in. That's far as we can see. Yeah. Sometimes you have to think outside of the box and see yourself beyond where you actually are And being humble and having a great routine that keeps you mentally strong and keep you chasing your goal even if it's not right now, You know? Yep. Well Dribble, thanks for coming on. Tell us Chad, where they can find you at on social media. Man. You Can find me at dral too much on social media or handle life Or you can find some training tools if you want to on, on handle life.com to get your handles better, Man.


Appreciate it. All the best continued success man. Thanks for giving us a couple of minutes of moments of your time tonight. We greatly appreciate it. Continued success bro. Man. Thank you. And continue having that great success on the show. I can tell why it's a great show. Some of the questions that I've got asked on this show I've never been asked in my life. So you guys are doing incredible job, an incredible job and keep it up. Thank you man. I appreciate it man. Sir? Yes sir. Alright. It All right Ocho. Yo now it's time for Rough Draft. Today's okay, we got the animation.


We'll get come on. Alright Ocho, today's questions top excuses to get out of plans. Oh, that's a good one. That's why You know, hey I'm go and I get to go first. Nah, I won the last one. It's not who go one. You go who go? We rotate. Oh. Hey, hold on. If we play basketball and I make the shot, it's make it take it. What you talking about? First of all, Ashby give you Ashby give you first for like the last five. Five. Okay, go ahead. Five words. You know what, You know what? You know what? You can go first because you gonna lose anyway.


Go ahead. Ocho, Ocho, man, You know I, man, I got a headache O Joe. Yeah, I can't do it tonight. Can't Go? No. Okay, go. Okay. You know what? Hey, it all depends what those plans are. Yeah, that, that, that, that too. That too. Hey, gimme a minute. I'm gonna call you right back. Okay? I'ma, I'm gonna call you. I'm gonna call you right back. I'm gonna let You know, I'm gonna let You know call you right back. Man. Don't never, don't never call back. Man. Ocho something came up. Something came up. Yeah.


Ah, that, that, listen, that ain't better than man. I ain't got nothing to wear, Man. You know what Ocho I, man, I I'm just tired man. Tired, tired. No, I don't, nobody ever say they tired. You lied. You lied Man. I ain't heard I'm tired. You heard it before? Hey, You know what, boy, I ain't, Hey boy, I ain't, I ain't gonna be able to, I ain't gonna be able to make with y'all boys tonight, boy. I gotta chill. I gotta chill with old lady bro. Yeah, that's a good one. That's to keep, to keep the peace Ocho.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Gotta keep my peace. Hmm. Hey, something came, came up. I'm tired. Yeah, I'm fucked. Can I use, I'm sick? No, that's Headache. Okay. Damn. I mean, a headache ain't really sick. You know what, how about this? Damn. Yeah, you, You don't really, I don't really do the whole lot excuses Ocho. I like, nah, I ain't gonna be able to make it. You Done lost already. Now I done told you, I told you you could go fur, you were gonna lose anyway.


Nah, You know what O Joe, my dog. My dog's sick though. Yeah. Yeah. Man. You know Tus man been pooping all over the place. Okay. Shit boy. What's up? Why? What y'all boy finna do tonight? Right? We y'all go well boob truck. Where club live? Boy? Shit boy. Y'all boy tripping boy. That's the beginning of the month boy rent. Dude, boy I can't boy. Y'all like tripping. Hey I'm like Deebo, y'all ain't never got no money. Hey headache, something came up. I'm tired. My dog sick. What else could I use? Like I said man I don't, oh, Ocho car man.


Shit man. This car man. This car man. I don't know what's wrong with this car. Yeah, I Ain't got one car. All of 'em on the break. Yeah. Hey, what Car trouble? Hey, I ain't got, I ain't gotta listen. But what y'all, what y'all trying to get into? Why? Hold on, You know you gotta hit me with that shit. Yeah, you chill brother. I say I'm Tired. I got, I, I was Tired. I ain't, I ain't say I was tired but I ain't get the excuse yet. Boy. Shit. Boy. You know a nigga tank on E boy. You got $20 for your boy. Yeah, man, You, you going, you going back to talking like when we was in high school? Yeah, My tank on E boy.


I ain't really got it right now, boy. I want this one. No, I think I got this one. Nah, You know at all. No, you didn't get this one? Yeah, I got this one. Ah, Uhuh. Hey this, I think I got this one. No, Joe, I Told you, I told you we was gonna lose before we even started. Nuh Yeah man. You know car man. Hey the car man. That car trouble man get you every time. Hey, not having no gas. Not having no gas, But You know, Ocho. But see the thing is you got, you got them homeboy. Hey man, you got $2 on you because You know, back then, not now, but, but when I've covered up, you get by four y'all.


Y'all get $2 each ride all night. Hey, but that way that was funny. Ain't going nowhere. Just spin it. Just riding around. That's it. That's it. Hey, that was a good one. That was it. Alright, Chad. What y'all think? Oh, I, I told you, I told you what it was. You know, You know I wasn't that one. I I wasn't that one before it even started. I could just, I could, I could. All right, well we got guess what we going to Your favorite now it is time for Spello Cinco. Are we doing Spell Where your hat at? Oh, you have to. You might have. Oh, you about have to. You do. I need to call to get your hat back too, Man. She threw, she threw it away, man.


Oh, away. It is all, it is all good. It is all good. We'll get you another one. Yeah, It is all good. Shit. I, I, I, I, I talked, I talked to my dog the other day. Oh good. I'm glad. Y'all cool still? Yeah. Yeah. We, yeah, we cool. We cool that that dog, You know, that my dog, You know, You know, you wanna see, you wanna see people, You know, living and, and being happy and stuff. Yeah. You know. Yeah. That, that's my dog. Alright. Ocho the first word is differentiate. Huh? Differentiate. Differentiate. D-I-F-F-E-R-E-N-T-I-A-T-E-T. That's it. Yeah. Yeah. I listen, I know how to spell now I know how to spell.


Don't do me like that. Huh? Don't say don't do me like that. Now I know that, that's what I do now. Okay. Any somebody put up stop cheating at your, Wait a minute. Soon as you said the word I started spelling whatcha talking About. I know. That's, that's, that's why they say stop cheating Ocho The next word is anesthesia. Anesthesia. This is tricky. It ain't that tricky. No, It is. 'cause there's a, there's a, there's a, there's a H in there somewhere. Anesthesia. Hey, I know I'm listen. Hey, I'm gonna mess this one up and I know I'm gonna be pissed 'cause I know it's a H in there somewhere.


Anesthesia. A n Oh golly. A NTH An Steve Ste and anesthesia and Anna Anesthesia and alright. A-N-A-A-N-E-T-H-E-S-I-A man. God man. A-N-E-S-T-H-E-S-I-A Anesthesia. I wasn't gonna get that one. I wasn't gonna get that one. I see. And I see anesthesia so much and I still spelled it wrong.


Shit. Okay, I got the next one though. Don't worry about it. I got the Next, the river horse of Africa. Hippopotamus Hippo. Okay. H-I-P-P-O. Hippo. Hippo. P hippo. Hippo. Hippo. Okay. H-I-P-P-O-P-A-T. Tt. Why ask laughing at as making me Laugh.


A that man done added about three T's to HIPA pot. Didn't I just said I ain't even get to the T party. I just said hippo. So I got you said tt. Huh? You done said TT Hippo. Potter hippo. H-I-P-P-O par. P-P-A-T-A-M-U-S-H-I-P-P-O-P-O-T-A-M-U-S. Hippopotamus. That's Only one T. Yes. Oh my goodness. Alright, I got this one. I promise you I got this one. Handkerchief.


Handkerchief. H-A-H-A-N-K-E R-C-H-E-F-H-A-N-D-K-E-R-C-H-H-I-E-F handkerchief. Where the fucking D come from. Where did D come Uncle? You gotta pronounce it the right way. You said, you said handkerchief. That's what it's pronounced. No Handkerchief. You got No, you Have to, it's not hand, it's not Handkerchief is handkerchief. Well, you need to, no, that's not the, that's not the word. The DD is silent. Handkerchief. Well, No handkerchief. The D is silent.


Can't do that. You can't do that. Yes, I can. I did. I spelled it. I spelled it how you said it. If you No, the D is silent. It can No, that that's not gonna work. That's not gonna work. If you It work, You need to say hand kerchief if you want me to. It's not Handkerchief. It's handkerchief. The D is silent. They butchered the English language. That, that's How ain't got nothing to do with me. That was way before my time. Ask Gutenberg. Golly. Okay, how about this one? Hi. Hi. Oh, Hy, that's easy. H-Y-G-I-N-E-E Wait. H-Y-G-I-E-N-E-H-Y-G-I-E-N-E. Yeah. I need listen now.


That's one thing I don't play with. That's how I know how to spell that one right away. I don't play with Two Ocho. You were two out of five. Damn. I'm sorry, Chad. I apologize. I I I apologize. I I I'm sorry.


When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school. Because family supports family. At American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you As a military spouse, your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public university education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


The NBC nightly news legacy isn't handed down or NBC News. I'm Tom Broan. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We Are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly would know annual fee. Every swipe at the store. Gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms, apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025, and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts. This contents not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Sargento, cheese slices, Hellman's mayonnaise lay's, party sized chips and snacks and Triscuits. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


And now it's time for Dunk on Unc. Okay. Okay, let's go. You know, I've been struggling reading a little bit. Hey, hey, before we start on it, can I, can I tell you something that really what nobody really know, You know, I can't even, I can't even see out my right eye, You know that right? Really In Nassau, my mom and my grandma rest in peace. I know I play around on here a lot, but it's one of the few things I really don't share with nobody. And people say, well, why you always wear shades all the time? Or why you always my, I can't see out my right eye.


And most of the time, even if I'm focused and let's say I'm looking at you, if I stare in the object long enough, my air, my eye veers off to the right. Oh, so you got, so you got an eye that focus and a slide eye Bingo and hold on. It's been like this since high school, huh? Yeah. Like what you call arne Jason, you gotta, you got an eye that scan the room. Bingo. So when you see people that coming in the room, you focus on looking at Jordan. Yeah. And then you see, you come in the door, you see 'em bringing the food out the back. Listen, okay, Listen. But you, you would, you would never notice it because nobody ever notices it. But just sometime when, when I'm, when I'm on camera, when I'm, if, if I sit here and lock in long enough, yeah, it look like I'm looking at you. But all of a sudden, this one, if you're off to the right because it has, it has no focus. It's really not looking at anything.


Mm. Okay. Yeah. It's, it's weird. It's weird. But anyway, anyway, back to the matter of fact. You know what I really, I played my whole career with one eye and something you can notice if you ever go back and watch film, always notice how the ball, I don't catch the ball until it gets right up on me. Literally All my balls are caught right up here instead of reaching my hands out. 'cause I can't see until the ball gets close enough. It's weird. I just had to throw that out there. Fun fact. I Appreciate that. Appreciate you sharing that. Yeah. Anyway, okay, here we go. Dunk going on. Mad Ass. No, I'm dead ass. I ain't say that. I said yeah. Yeah, I'm, and see, I put it on my mama and grandma so You know I ain't playing. Yeah, I know you, I know you telling the truth.


Okay. Okay, here we go. Don't hold on baby. Here we go. Here we go. Who holds a record for the most points score in a single NCAA men's basketball tournament game? Oh my God. Yes. Who holds a record for the most part? Austin Car. God Damnit. Tell, gimme that favor, George. Gimme a vein. Give it to me, George. Come on man. Listen. They have to stop briefing you before we do these shows. Somebody brief you. There is no, first Of all a, first of all, ask Back in 1970. There's no way you supposed to know this.


How am I not supposed to know that? How old were you in 1970? I was two Ocho Ocho I'm telling you. That's what I do. Ocho let me, let me put these on. Hoochie daddy of Yo Johnson Johnson. Hey, I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. Let's go. Let's go. Okay. Okay. I got this one. I got this one. Alright Chad, stay with me. Which player holds the NBA record for the most turnovers in a single playoff game? Ain't no way in here. You getting this James Harden Nigga.


Hold on, hold on. Well, how many, That wasn't a question. Alright, well, what year was it? He did a, he turned it over against the, the Golden State Warriors. So, Ooh, It either I 15. Yeah, it's 15 or 16. Yeah. Well, you got it wrong. You got the answer wrong. 'cause you, you, you can't decide, you can't decipher on what year you, You asked me who holds the record for the most turnovers in the playoff game. I gave you James Harden.


Then you try to stump me. Oh, Joe, I don't do that. How about trying To stump you, bro? We talked about turnover. So you said it with James Hart, But I said it with James Hart, so that was the end of it. I'm two for two. Go ahead. Come on. People Wanna know you cheating man. Who holds an NFL record for the longest punt in NFL history. The longest punt In the NFL history. Yes. Ooh, I can't remember. Oh my God. It's actually, it's 98 yards. It's a buffalo bill. I can't remember the guy Donnelly, Who I think his name is Donnelly wrong. The answer that we were looking for was Steve O'Neill 98 yards and 1998 yards and 1969.


Yeah. I I knew it was 98 yard. Yeah. Yeah. We got you. Now you not gonna get another one right from this point on. I guarantee you that. And I could, you could bet your bottom dollar. Who was the first player in the NBA history to record a triple double in their rookie season? A triple double in the rookie season. Who holds, excuse me. Who was the first NBA player in NBA history to record a triple double in their rookie season? Ooh, league started in 1947.


Hmm. I It is rookie Caesar. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Chad, we got him Chad, we got him on the ropes. We got him on the rope. The Triple double didn't, but first of all, the triple double didn't become a stat in the forties. It didn't become a stat until like the sixties. Yeah. We got him on the rope. Like Ali, he trying to dodge the punches, but he getting hit with by Joe Frazier. He's getting hit by Joe Frazier Cloud.


My goodness. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Let me know if you wanna fold you. Yeah, you wanna fold? Let me know. We got him. I don't Know Wilt, I don't know. Will who, Who was it? It's not be No Bob Coy. No. His name is Wes Unseed. 1968. First player in anybody here to record a triple double in their rookie season. Oh, do You know what West Unseed? Yeah. Yeah. I told him not getting no more. Right here. You you go. You ready? Here we go. Who holds a record for the most career fumble recoveries in NFL history. And how many did it recover? Oh man, Lord have mercy.


Fumble recoveries. Yeah. Yeah. Don't, don't, don't call him the Lord. He not, he not, he can't help you. Yeah. Ooh, London Fletcher 22. Ah. Oh. Ooh. That was a good one. But the answer you were looking for was Warren Moon. The answer you were looking for was Warren. Ah, man. So, so, Hey, listen, the Warren Moon and obviously, You know, strip sack and being able to recover the FOMO after. Yeah, Yeah. Or he formed the ball to send a snap to him.


Yeah. We got it. Here we go. Here we go. Which NBA player recorded the most points in a playoff debut game? Alan Iversson. That Is absolutely wrong. The answer you were looking for was Lucha Luca Dik when they went back to Dallas and he gave him boys 42. Hold on. You said in a debut playoff Game. Debut points in a play. Yeah. Wait, No, AI 48, 2001. You sure about that?


Yeah. No, hold on, let me, let me check. Hold on, let me check, let me check. 48. That was the step over game. He gave it Likers 48. That game. I don't know. Ash. Ash might have to check. Hold on. You said who scored the most points in a playout debut game? Not a finals game Debut. Yes. His debut. Just his debut. That's it. So again, I'm thinking fi I was thinking finals. Okay. Okay. You're right. I, I didn't, I didn't, did the word final didn't come out, came, come out my Mouth. I was thinking finals. You only got two, right? Well, and a and a and a You only got two rights. So I was two for five.


You was two for five. So, so Luca, so Luca Luca played against the Clippers, didn't he? No. I said what that was. Are you saying who scored the most point in a return against a, against a former team? Yes, Sir. That's not what you Oh, mercy. What you, If I say debut, debut with me, you'd be No, a debut means the first, first time you've done something. Right. What debut? But it was against the Clippers. It wasn't against Dallas. He played with Dallas.


He, he didn't say it against No, he said in a debut game, he said against Luca to the, the Dallas Mavericks. But I'm saying, but he did it against the Clippers, right? No, he did not. He scored 42 against, He scored 42 against the Clippers. He did it as a Dallas Maverick. That's absolutely wrong. Ask Ocho. That was the Yo, That was the bubble.


You see how Ocho he trying to stump me? He s stump himself. Y'all see that chat? Y'all see that chat? That's the time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and eight. I mean, you gotta run. Anyway, We tied finally. I know. I beat the brakes off you last time. Video short says, what's up Nightcap fam? What team last name would you change? College of Pros. Me. I'll say Game Cocks in 20, in 2025. It's wild. He say, who name would we change? Yeah, he wanna change the South Carolina Gamecocks.


Yeah. So he want to change the last thing. He don't want it to be called a Gamecocks anymore. Right. Got But the Gamecock is dangerous. Does do, does he know the history on gang talks in real Life? Yeah. That's a fighting chicken Man. Shoot. What up? Things gangster. Don't change, change that name. That's that's dope. I like that. Yeah, I mean, when I was growing up, cock fighting, what it's called Yeah. Was really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really popular. Yeah. Huge. Hey, yeah. You know them Birds? Boy, they go for a pretty penny now, huh? Oh yeah, for sure. Depending on where you at. You know, if they, if they had it, they don't, they don't have it here. I'm just saying, depending on where you live at. Oh, it used to be a big thing. It's still, it is a big thing in Miami. They still have it.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Okay, okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. It's a, it's a big thing. But they have, You know, they have Spurs, they have knives, they have boxing gloves, they have all kind of things you put up with Spurs. Yeah. Kimber Norwood Jr. Said I had a birthday, I listened to the Gold Lil Wayne and the BET awards was a 10 for 10. It was, I saw a little, I saw a little bit of it, man. For me, Wayne still got, I mean, the way he put stuff together. Ocho Yeah. Wordplay. Yeah. Yeah, man. He, he, he's special with it. Yeah, Hes special with it. And I like, I like, I like Wayne. I think people have gotten so used to this era and the sound of of music in this era.


Yeah, yeah. Yeah. They, they don't really appreciate, They ain't got no word play like Wayne. Yeah. It's just like the old guard when you heard, when you heard KRS One and you heard Big Daddy Kane Yeah. And you heard a Rock him, this guy can't see them with word play, but because you don't remember, you didn't listen to them. You think these guys be, and they, they're some good rappers. I don't wanna try to, I don't wanna diminish anybody, but when it comes to word play, when you start talking about KRS One and Big Daddy Kane and, and, and rock Him and stop it, it Yeah. Wayne is, Wayne. Wayne is from that. Yeah. I think just in general, obviously too with, with the, with the, this era, the sound of music is different and I, I, I hate, yes.


I hate hearing the word mumble rap, but that that's, yeah. What we, what's, what's, what's, what's hot right now and then Wayne coming back with what we're used to hearing from back in the days and it not, and people maybe not liking the beats. Yeah. Not liking the beats, but not listening to the words that are being displayed and that he's saying. But again, I'm, But you could understand everything they were saying, these rappers. I mean, KRS One, you could understand everything he saying. Yeah. You could understand. You could understand Big Daddy King. Yeah. What he was saying. You could understand what, what Rahe was saying. You could understand even Buster, even though he and twist, they going fast. You gotta understand and twist. I could Understand Twister too. Yeah. Yeah. Some of these guys, actually it was F five, Freddy was the first one that had that fast rap.


I don't know if you remember fast for your MTV rap, F five Freddie. But yeah, the, I like Wayne and You know, some people don't like about man, he, he fell off. He ain't fell nowhere to me. Scooty puff in the Unc and Ocho kindly and humbly asked if you'll say prayer for our dog, Leo. A large tumor was found in. Sadly, we don't have much time. Leo enjoys his Nightcap. He's sending his best school day, bro. You ain't gonna tell me. I know. I've been there. I've been there. I had a, a bull mastiff named Titan. He started walking with a limp, took him to the, took him to the vet.


The vet says Mr. Sharp, he says, I I, I'm looking at his leg and we took some fluid off it said, Mr. Sharper, I think he got lymphoma. He says, I'm tell you what I did. I already called the University of Georgia and if you can get him there, they'll take it. I said, say no more. Drove straight to Athens, took him there. And it just so happened it was on the F weekend. As a matter of fact, it was the fourth that Monday. So they weren't gonna be able to see him. Man, Ocho got him, took him there that Monday. We got him there that Sunday. It was a Sunday. He stayed Monday.


Monday we went back up there Tuesday, talked to him. My girlfriend went back up there that Wednesday. They said, Mr. Sharp, we can do radi, we can do, You know, radiation, stuff like that. But they was gonna have to put him to sleep. So every time you do radiation, you gonna have to put him to sleep. Right. And then it say for a year, so I was gonna end up paying like $20,000 just to get another year. I said, nah. I said, nah. I said, we finna come get him. We came and got him that Saturday. Yeah. Called the lady that Monday. Put him down, man. They, they, they, they like family. They like kids man. That, and it doesn't get any easier. But the joy that they give you, Ocho I can't, I mean, I ain't gonna lie, I can't see myself being without a dog.


Yeah. See, I, I don't understand. I can't deal with that pain. I've been through that pain once and going through that pain when I was old enough to understand, I don't feel this again. That was enough for me not to get another dog. Hell, you remember what we, for when we started the show, when you was telling me, you were telling me about the dogs that, and listen, I'm tearing up and you telling me about your dog. They ain't even mine. Yeah. And I'm crying just hearing what you're talking about. So that lets You know how I feel and how unstable I am. Yeah. And how it function. I can get for losing a pan. I just, I I can't do it no more. I can't have anything tied to me for that long of that long a period of time and then I lose you.


Yeah. Screwy puff, bro. Give him as much love as you possibly can. Let him have his favorite treats and, and You know, Let him go peacefully because at that point in time, it's just, it's not for, it is not for him, it's for you. He's suffering. So give him his favorite treat. If he like ice cream, let him have whatever he wants. Steak, chicken, and man, that's tough. That completes this episode of Nightcap. We're gonna thank our special guest Dribble for joining us, shedding some insight in how he goes about and teaches his NBA and college players, their handles in getting to their spot and getting their shot off.


Y'all know me, I am your favorite. Unc Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own bingo Ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro. He's Chad Ochocinco Johnson, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button. And guys go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We want to thank each and every one of you for your support and your continued support because everything that we've been able to accomplish, what's because of you is because of your eyes, your ears, and your word of mouth. That has helped Nightcap become what we've become. And Ocho and I cannot thank you enough. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We do have it in stock now. If you can't find it in a city or a state near you, best believe we're coming soon, very soon.


Order it online and we'll ship it directly to your door. Best tasting BSOP Cognac on the market. Trust me, you will not be disappointed. Please drink responsibly and drive and be safe out there. Please go follow by media company page on all of it platforms, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pending in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. We're back tomorrow with the third member of our team, big three, ISO Joe and special guest GP Gary Peyton. Guys, make sure you join us after the ball game, OKC on the road against the Pacers.


Thank you for joining us tonight. I'm Unc, he's Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow. The volume


When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school because family supports family at American Public University. We support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse. Your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 24th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Keebler cookies, Popsicle frozen treats, smart water, silk almond milk, Folgers coffee, and carry gold butter. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online. For easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Hey, This is Jenny Garth from I do part two Ozempic and A Pill. It's Oral Semaglutide and is now available from Future Health. Go to future health.com to get affordable access to Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic, and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. No insurance needed. Visit future health.com future without the E to start losing this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent study, sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


This is an iHeart podcast.