
As a renter, do you ever feel like you're just throwing money away? Think you'll never be able to save enough to buy your own home? Then check out Rent Rewards from Rocket Mortgage. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership. Now for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 800 for Rocket. Or visit rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LLC. Equal housing lender, licensed in all 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org. Number 33


Spring is here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Or you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now alcohol and select markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes, that's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. We get the best start to the day because we started Together. Watch the Today Show weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


The Volume UF C3 14 is headed to South Beach. It won't be all blitz and glamor, but stars will be out. Don't miss any other action at Draftking Sports Book. The official sports betting partner of the UFC. It promised to be another banger Knights of Fights, especially the featherweight main event between two evilly matched fighters. First time just picking something simple like a fighting to win and make your pick. It's that simple. And if you're new to DraftKings, listen up. New customers BET $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Step into the Octagon with DraftKings Sports book. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app now and use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only with Jab Kings the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the A. A really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Hello is your favorite UNC Shannon Sharp And I'm a real customer and a row partner. There are certain situations in life that you like to speed up your commute. Long line slow walkers. Another thing you may want to speed up is full erections waiting for a full erection when you want. One is the worst. Rose Marks is the answer. They hit the bloodstream faster because they dissolve under your tongue. And getting hard faster means there is no more wasting time to perform after role. Sparks dissolve. They work in about 15 minutes on average role Spark stays active in your system up to 36 hours. So you can go back to back to back a three feet round after round after round. Be ready in the morning. Role connects guys with a medical provider a hundred percent online. There's no more awkward conversations with in-person providers if approved treatment ships directly to their door. If prescribed new sexual health patients get $15 off your first order of sparks on reoccurring plan. Connect with the provider@ro.co slash Nightcap to find out if a prescription Rose Sparks are right for you. That's ro Do co slash Nightcap for $15 off your first order. Compounded drugs are permitted to be prescribed under federal law but are not FDA approved and do not undergo FDA safety effectiveness or manufacturing reviews. For full safety info, go to ro.co/safety info.


On April 18th, centers are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan Comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Quinn Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan, returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride shot with IMAX Film Cameras Centers arrive only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


On the final day of the NBA regular season, we have an idea who's gonna be in the play, who's going to be in the play in and who some of the seeds are already set. But hey Ann, Rory wins the Masters in a playoff. Thank you for watching this episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join their Nationwide 5G network. Today I am your favorite. Up. That's number 85. Liberty City's own Bingo Ring of Fame artery Pro Bowler All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. That's me. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


Thank you guys for your support. Thank you for your continued support Because of you, we are who we are. Please go follow my media company page on all of it platforms. That's she Shea Media. Thank you guys so much for nominating us. Six Webby Awards. They are as follows. Shannon Sharp, best entertainment creator. Best sports creator. Best creator. Influencer Series Club. Shehe Nightcap. Best Sports podcast. Yeah. Best video series. Best Live podcast. Recording performance easily. The link is in our bio. Please go vote for us. The voting ends April 17th, which is Thursday go followed by clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out.


Everything has restocked. The link is pinned in the chat. Supplies are limited. So please get yours while supplies last because once they're gone they are gone. Tickets who are not safe for work tour are on sale stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, LA, Miami, New York, Chicago and Detroit. Tickets can be found@shesheamedia.com slash tour. That's sheha media.com/tour. That link is also pinned in the chat. Guest line up is shaping up. Guys, you don't wanna miss out on this one. So go get your tickets. Now we've got a funny guest joining us a little later in the show.


Funny Marco will join us. But first, yeah, Rory has finally done it. He's one of what, six men to complete the Grand Slam went all four majors. He won the ma a master's in a playoff completing its Grand Slam. I think he last won in 2014 and he won it I think 10 years. 200 and something days. 'cause Tiger was, tiger was 10 years, 304 days between his last two majors. He can now reside in the immortality. He joins the most exclusive club in golf, a master's champion and the owner of a career Grand Slam, if I'm not mistaken.


Gene Zen. He won, he had a double eagle. He's the only one that said I ever had a double Eagle. Gene Zen, Ben Hogan, Jack Nicholas, Gary Player Tiger Woods. And now Rory McElroy joins that elite list. Guys that have won all four majors. Ocho, it didn't look good. Rory conquered the ghosts that have haunted him for all these years. He had to lead the masters in the, in 2011. But he blew up and shot an 80. Yeah. Sunday he had a 74. In 20 20 18, Cameron Smith stealing the open from him at St. Andrew's. Failing to catch Windham Clark in 2023 at the US Open. Missed two short puts at Pinehurst as Bryson de Shambo snagged the US open and Ocho his knees started to shake on 18, he had a five foot putt to win it in regulation.


Ended up going into a playoff with Rose. Rose. Yeah. And guess what? He wins it on the first hole of the first hole and he ends up winning the masters Ojo. He conquered the demons. He was able to pull it off. Yeah. One of six men. Let's see what is 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. He's the sixth man to complete the Grand Slam. Yeah. Rory McElroy joins Tiger Woods, Gary Player, Jack, Nicholas, Ben Hogan and Gene Zen. Ojo. You catch a little bit of Bit this, I, I wasn't able to watch the masters, but I did catch the highlights from it doing my homework. I'm not much of a golfer. Unc remember one time I played a little golf in the high school. I shot a 67 when I, when I, when that when I did my, my my eight.


My eight when I saw 6, 6, 7 in, in the, in the first line. That, that make sense? What'd you do that I shot a 67 in the f in in in the first. The first eight. That's not good, huh? Nah, that's not good bro. Y you don't think so. You need it on the front nine. If you want to be good, you need to be somewhere between o obviously. Right. Somewhere between 28 and 34 is be great. Nah, see I shot a 6, 7, 18. What you talking about? No, you said the front nine. So that's Not good. No, I'm saying the whole, I'm talking about the whole 18, the whole 18-year-old holes. Yeah. I shot a 67. I'm not sure you shoot 67 on the putt putt golf course. Nah, I'm, I'm telling you y You know I listen when I was younger, You know mar green And I, your grandma had you in some of everything to keep you busy when it's not football season.


So I played, I played a little golf from age 13 to 16 and You know, I was good. I was good. How many clubs go in the golf bag? Huh? How many clubs go in the golf bag? 11. No, don't worry about it. Hold on. Go ahead. Go ahead. But what kind of, it depends. What kind of golf? What kind of go, how many, what kind, how many clubs go Playing? How many go on yours? 14. Oh yeah. I don't need that many. See you. You be handicapped. You handicap huh? You, yeah You handicap. That's why, that's why I ain't got that many. I ain't got that many clubs. What's the best you can shoot? What's the, what's the, what's the best shot you can have on the golf course? A eagle. So hold in one. What you talking about?


Uhuh? Double eagle. Whoa. Hold on. Timeout. Timeout. How you gonna have a double eagle if you get a hole in one? What you talking about? But on a par five you can get a double eagle. Talk to me now talk to me on that. Please Explain that. What? Me not, you see, You could ace a hole in one and that's only one stroke, right? See on a hole in one. So that's normally a par, right? That's a par three, right? Right. Most of the time. Par three. Par three. So if you get it, okay, boom. So you get two shots. Let's just say you hold out, that's two shots, right? You pick up two shots, but a double eagle. Yeah. Four Mm. That's why I was having ash look up Gene Saran and, and Augusta. He had a double eagle.


See I ain't, I ain't never did that. Huh? I ain't never did it. You know, you got I ain't eagle. Hey, I ain't been on the course in 12 years. Hey, most people, most people can't, most people can't even do that. No. Double eagles are very rare. I mean, like I said, I've only heard of j Gene Sarason. Yeah. Having the double eagle in the competition, but it, golf is hard. Very different. It's hard And you gotta play it, you gotta play it often because you're not in competition against the guy. You're in competition with the course. Yes. With The course. Yes. And hold on yourself. Those And, and yourself. And one shot is kinda like poker. One, one shot does not, just because you hit a good tee shot doesn't mean you hit a good second shot. You a good pro shot. Doesn't mean you gonna put Well it's just, And you gotta put so much time in it in order to get good.


And even when you think you're good, you'll see some of the best hit the ball way over there. Hit the ball way over there. Yeah. And you saw Rory, who's at the top of the food chain, a five foot put and hepped it. So this, it's not, it's not. And then when you start getting conditions, you start getting rain, you start getting cold, you start getting wind. Wind. Yeah. Yeah. The elements, the elements will always mess you up. That's why you have to be, your, your your mental gotta be on point. Your mental gotta be point. Yeah. And you just said it earlier that most of the time golfers, you're not playing against anybody else except the course. But once elements get involved and then pressure situations, like when they went to that playoff with him and Yes. Roach, is it roach? Rose? Just the rose. Rose, rose, Rose. My, my bad.


Excuse me. Excuse me, Mr. Rose. But yeah, man, stuff like that, man, You know the, the, the butt cheeks start clenching up because the pressure of those situations, I, I, I couldn't imagine. I couldn't imagine minus Three is a double eagle, not minus four. Minus three is a double eagle. Okay? Because it's a par five. Right. You get a, And you, you And you get you it through, you do it three shots. Yeah. Yes. Okay. I I think I, which is a bit because now they, what they've done ocho is that they've stretched these par fives out. So fing far, far, Very Far. Man. They, I mean I, I seen one course they had like a par five, like at 650 yards. Well you got, you gotta think about the pro golfers how far they can hit on that f on that, on that first, that first hit. Now, Well they started doing this because of Tiger because then every tiger came along and then everybody had to Tiger proof it, right?


Because he could hit it so far. Right. And now he's using irons and now he's laying up and now he, now he's, he's Eagle, all this stuff. Right. Because that's where he did his done as damage. Yeah. Is on the par five five. Yes sir. Yeah, he was Eagle, he was always, and so everybody, that's what he did what they did at the Masters. Right. You see what he did? He blew 'em out of the waters. And then Pebble, he wins by 15. He won his first masters, he won by t if I'm not mistaken. I think he won by 12. We got a private group. We, we gotta have away things they never did to any other golfers. Right Now you'll never, you're never gonna see another golfer be able to dominate like Tiger did. Right. Because these guys are so good. These guys are too good. Not Ocho. Right. They grew up watching Tiger.


Right. And so Now you see a Justin Rose And you see a Scotty Scheffler And you see a big John Rob And you see Debo And you see Justin Rose and Dustin, John, dj. These guys are too good oj. Yeah. Yeah. Matter fact they good now, man. Fact, just, just, just, just for, just for the, for nobody gonna probably believe me. You know me and me and Scotty Sheer, we, we hit a, we hit a few, we should hit a few holes together at you do at at Augusta before You know Scotty, good friend of mine, man. Okay? Yeah. I believe, I believe, I believe he might be a good friend of yours, but I don't know about you getting on the mat, getting on Augusta. Oh. You know. No, I'm, I'm saying me and Scotty, I'm, I'm saying he'll tweet me. He he'll tweet me, he'll tweet you and tell you no, we hit a few holes together one time.


No, I'm saying it Augusta. No, it was, and wasn't nobody there but me and him. Hey, You know I'm from Georgia. I know, You Know, Hey, listen, they don't let everybody out there, man, but it's, they do not because I'm with him. It was a private event. It was just me and Scottie. We had a business meeting we had to do. Okay. I appreciate that. Yeah. You know, but it's, it's, I'm happy for Rory. Rory. Yeah. You know, he's, I mean those final rounds and the ma I mean he coulda should've been had it. Yeah. But like you said, And we saw what happened today, that pressure Mark, he blew with an 80 on the final hole. He blew up with 74 on the final hole. He missed those short puffs at Pinehurst and let d Bo catch him at the US Open last June.


So he's been, now that those wouldn't have given him the 2011 would've given him the, the, the, the Slam or he'd have completed the Slam a lot sooner. Right. Pinehurst, I mean he had already won the US Open, but this is the one, I mean, You know, obviously just like tennis, you won the Grand Slam. You know, it's not a whole lot of guys that have won the Grand Slam. Right. You look at Agassi, Pete Sanford never done it. You got, obviously you got Fed, you got Djokovich, you got Rafael, the doll, Andre Agasy, right. Emerson. What's the late, oh my god, what's the lefty name? I don't think Bill Tilden did it.


I don't think Roy Emerson did it. What's what's the, the Aussie left-handed Aussie. Help me out Chad In tennis. No, agai was righty. He won, he won the calendar Slam, if I'm not mistaken. But see, back then tennis used to be played on basically two surfaces of me. Yeah. No late hood didn't know. What What? Clay? Clay, rod, Rod laborer. Rod Laver. Rod Laver. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But see back then everything with, You know, ocho it was, it was grass.


Grass, yeah. Grass. A clay. Yeah. The US open used to be played on grass. Grass. Yeah. Wimbledon obviously played on grass. Okay. Yeah. Hey that, hey, that ball, that ball, that ball down on you real quick on that grass. Now, Now you, now that's one thing I can play. I can play some tennis now. You know, you, You know you done seen the footer so You know I'm not lying about that. No, it's gonna die quick on, on that clay. Yeah. That red clay wrong on arrows. Yeah. Yeah. Glad listen, glass don't do you no justice either, man. I prefer being on the hard court. Nah, you gotta stay on your feet. I mean, what anything hardcore. 'cause it's hard to get you if you notice your even on the on at Wimbledon Yeah. They have those little nubs. Yeah. On the bottom and, and Clay, you gotta learn how to slide. You gotta learn how to slide. You gotta be comfortable with it. And I mean, I like see 'em go get that ball of that, Just slide with it And you come back over here and then sometimes they do a split.


Yeah. Hey listen, You know Nadal is the king of that clay court now. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, the king it 14 times. Yeah. Oh Yeah. Yeah. But You know, you got al Raz is coming. I mean it's, and that's what's so different because they require different skillset. That's why so few people have actually won. Right. You know, on, on different services. Pete never went on clay. Right. He had, You know, he was dominated on grass, but back then those guys were serving ballers. They hit the ball and just come to the net. You don't see a whole lot of those Now you guys just hit the ball so hard. They just, You got people serving Like play baseline. You got people serving 130, 140 miles an hour. You not hitting nothing and coming to the net, man, please. And you gonna sit there and volley Absolutely Not.


Right. The plans are too good. Yeah. They, they, they are, they are. But You know, you had those serving volley, you had Stefan Edberg, you had who's that other guy? Pete Sanford pistol. Pete, Pete. But Now you got, like you said, Joe, they got these big forehands, they just cranking it and so Yeah. But you, you would think that would be the perfect time to serve in Bali because you got that big serve. Right. They're just hoping to get the ball in. Now you come to the net. I mean, you, you, you can, you can, But it's, it's great. I mean to, to go see a professional tennis match and see how hard they hit that ball. Listen Or how fast Fast and how they can place it. Exactly. Yeah. Listen how fast the game actually moves. Yes. Attendance would surprise you. Obviously I've been to the Miami Open multiple times, You know, at, at the Hard Rock stadium.


The same thing with hockey one. It's one thing to watch hockey on tv, but then to see it up close and be on the glass and get a better understanding on how fast the game acting is. Yes. Man, tennis will surprise you as opposed to watching on TV as opposed to in person. It's amazing. Yeah. I I but You know, watching this today, I thought, 'cause Roy on the first hold it with the two shots wing because he, You know, he ed and ended up, next thing You know, de Shambo has the lead. I'm like, okay, it's gonna be interesting. Oh yeah. And then as you started going, de Shambo started to blow up. Justin Rose kinda lost this 'cause Justin Rose had the two, the, the two day lead, he gave up, gave it all back yesterday and then he came roaring back today and he's gonna have to find a way to play, You know, three qua, four quality rounds.


Rounds. Yeah. Because you can give it back. I mean that he had a 50 or what, a 36 hole lead? He gave 54, gave it back and then he came out strong today. I think he shot 600. Did he shoot, shoot 600 today. Get himself back into contention. Right. But he's probably kick, he's probably kicking himself O Joe. Right. Knowing that yesterday kind of got away from it. Yeah. Yeah it did. But it it, and that's the thing about golf be play. Hey, they be going good every, every time. Everything is going. Yeah. They go left, Go left. Quick, Quick, quick blow up. I mean he's like, oh, it is not too bad. Next thing You know, you bogey double bogey. It is. Shoot yourself out of contention, but congratulations to Rory McElroy the 2025 Masters champion.


Oh yeah. Grand Prize. I think they won 4 million. Now he's got a, You know, champion his dinner. You know, he get to pick out what he's gonna eat next year. He's gonna be in the champion. You know, he, Hey, got a lot. I think they, is it, is it a lifetime exemption now? 'cause I know they was trying to like, like 10 years. Normally if you won the Masters, you run a tournament ocho. Right. You had a lifetime exemption to come back. Right. You don't have to worry about his lifetime. Okay. So


congratulations Rory McElroy on April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride shot with IMAX Film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


All your renters out there, here's something from Rocket Mortgage you're going to want to hear now. Anyone who's ever rented before knows the feeling you get every month. Your hard earned cash is gone. It's like throwing money away. Even more frustrating is the knowledge that every dollar you spend on rent is a dollar you could have put towards your future. It can make you feel like you're never gonna be able to save enough to afford a home of your own. And that's what makes what Rocket Mortgage is doing. Here's so special. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership is called Rent Rewards. And for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. If this sounds like something that can make a difference in your life, call 800 for Rocket or visit rocket.com to learn more about rent rewards. That's 800 for Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage, LLC Equal housing lender licensed in all 50 states N mls consumer access.org Number 30 30


Spring is here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny Days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana, that's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of Sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and Select Markets product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Oh, Joe Warriors lose to the Clippers. Draymond Green costly Miss sends the Warriors to the play in tournament. Well, they'll face the grizzlies in the playing Draymond's layup attempt under the basket in the final moment sunk the Golden State Warriors. Now Doves will have to settle for the seventh seed in the playing tournament. They had risen up in the standings and been as hot since acquiring Jimmy Butler, but they lost three of their final five games in the season, including Barnes, Harrison. Barnes at a three point shot at the buzzer. Yeah. To beat them in San Antonio. That kind of what really what doomed them. But now they'll play the play in and they played, that's Tuesday night, right?


Tuesday night. So they'll play, excuse me, warriors play the Grizz. Right? And then who's the, who's the nine 10 matchup? Let, Okay. Sacramento plays the Mavs. So the winner of the seven eight, they're the seventh seed, the loser of the seven eight. They'll face the winner of the nine 10 and that'll be the eighth seed. Now hold On. Now, now let me give, lemme give my bearing straight. Lemme give my understanding, man. Okay. The play in, listen, when the Warriors play the Grizzlies, this is one shot, one and done, huh? Yes.


Whoever wins this game, they'll be the seventh seed, right? The loser will play the winner of the nine 10 and that winner will be the eighth seed. So that winner, whoever, whoever the eight seed is, they will face OKC. Right? The winner of the, the winner of the Grizzlies warriors. They'll face the Rockets, the Timberwolves face, the Lakers, the three six matchup. Right? And the four fives, McNuggets and the Clippers. So what you, what you, what you think about that, that Lakers. That Lakers are five.


Like that's a five. Now you ain't even think about it though. You, I mean, I mean, yeah, like listen, I know you think the lake is gonna win, but how do you feel seven game series? I mean, how many you think the wolves get? So you ain't giving, you ain't giving an man no chance. I'm giving that man a great chance. They, they play, they played pretty well. He and Jew Randall. Yeah. Good to get, You know, he got go bear that's gonna, You know, but I just like, I like LeBron. It's gonna be interesting. Now let's, You know, he kind of tweaked that growing a little bit the other night. Yeah. He left and broke his streak. He had 20 straight seasons scoring at least 20, average at least 25 points.


I know people gonna say he stepped off a cliff even though he averaged 24 and a half points a game. Yeah. And you 22 at the age of 40 and he gave you basically he gave you what, eight assists, 8 cents and 7.8 rebounds, something like that. So I wouldn't say he's falling off a cliff. Right. And he's probably gonna be all NBA for the 21st time in his NBA career out of 22 seasons. Right. He's gonna probably be second team all NBA let that CK for a second. That's crazy. And you 21, he's gonna be one of the 15 best players in the NBA. You. You know what the funny fact, And I, I hate, I hate to go off topic. The funny thing about it is, is you look at LeBron's resume, you look at the, the consistency over the years and what he's been able to done in maintaining consistency for such a very long time.


Yet, critics, analysts, pundits still find negative things to say about him no matter what he's achieved to this point. Yeah, you got to, you got to actually nitpick. You got to dig, you got to be almost, almost in a state of ridiculousness to find ways to be negative when someone that has never done it before and is doing it like he's doing it and still in year 22 doing it at a high level, find negative things to say. It's like for sure. It, it makes no sense to me. Instead of, instead of admiring what you've been able to do for so long and praising what he's been able to do, regardless of whether it's, whether it's to, to your fitting or your like, or your like, because you don't like him personally, when it comes to the game of basketball, what LeBron is doing is unparalleled.


And it hasn't been done before. But Ocho we just talked about this at the combine, they don't tell you what you did. Well they tell you what you, he don't run fast. Oh, he don't jump high. He don't move his feet. He drops his arm, he ta he passed the ball. And I, I get it on your look to a certain degree. I get it right because when you're talking about great, when you're talking about the top three, top four, top five players of all time, okay. You try to find things that like, okay, but the vitriol the vitriol, which people speak about LeBron. That's what's confusing to me. Yeah. But Kawhi Leonard was sensational today. 13 to 24 of eight from the three point line he had 33.


James Harden, who should be, who could possibly be another all NBA selection played 48 minutes, gave you 39, 10 assist, seven rebounds. He was, he was great. Kawhi and, and, and, and, and, and James Harden was sensational. Jimmy Butler, Hey, you gotta playoff Jimmy, he gave you 30 points, 9 cents. You gotta do better with this rebounding. One rebound, bro. You paid 48 minutes and got one re Jimmy Muller had one more rebound to me And I wasn't even at the arena. You gotta get better, you gotta get more rebound to that.


And that's it. And the, and the thing is, the Warriors are normally a pretty good rebounding team. They got Crushed. Mm They Got crushed. They got beat by 17 on the glass. Nine to three on the offensive end. 33 to 11 on the defensive end. Who else? Budzinski. He played well, had 19 points. Moody gotta give him better than that. I'm trying to figure out, is Minga hurt? He, I'm saying, that's what I'm saying. Why would you play Minga? He, He's he's probably the most athletic guy on the roster. He's not, he's hurt, huh? No, he ain't hurt.


They just didn't play coach the dmv. Listen, if he got, if he's not getting minutes, he's not getting minutes for a reason. Obviously when it comes time to show up, maybe he's not showing up. Why would Steve cur not playing if he's the most athletic? So there gotta be something wrong with Him. Well he, but he spoke about that, that not getting the opportunities or, You know, making a mistake and being snatched out a game. It's hard to play. Wait, when your team, if you are a young guy O Joe, the hardest thing is, You know this, if you are young guy and your team is used to winning And you make a mistake, coaches don't have patience for that. What Earth coach Belichick the most. Mistakes. Mistakes. Yeah. On say thing with Mike, I played with Mike, Hold on, on is Elise, is el least that much shorter for NBA players, especially a player of his magnitude that is the most athletic on the team.


We have to do everything right. 'cause if if if you thinking about not playing with a free mind and playing cl then you'd be hesitant. Yes. You need to be, you need to be on the court. Same way when it comes to football. If you out there thinking you're gonna be one step behind you be one step too slow. I agree. Yep. Zoo Box was sensational. 11 of 16, 22 point 17 rebounds. He almost out rebounded the calves by himself. Man, Ze Zo has been unbelievable. Nice. I still don't understand why Magic traded him for Mike Masala. I I, I I won't ever understand that.


Right. But it is what it is. So it's gonna be a great matchup because everybody remember the last time the Clippers played the nuggets? Mm. Clippers had a three one lead in the bubble. This was before Nico Yoic became Nico. Nico Yoic. Right? Jamal Murray. This was Jamal Murray's coming out party because he dropped a 40 PA 40 burger on him. Woo. And we know what Jamal Murray is capable of doing. We've seen it time and time again. These two guys in, in the picket roll, the dribble handoff, Michael Porter Jr. Can get hot and can light it up. Russ coming off the bench. It's gonna be a great matchup. Yeah, I can see this. I can see this going six, seven game. I'm gonna be shocked if it doesn't go at least six, possibly seven games.


Hold On you in going six or seven. But who you got winning? You got the Clippers upsetting. Would it, would it, would it be a upset? I mean, theoretically yes, because the Clippers of the five C and the nuggets are the four C. But if you look at the weight, you remember now the Nuggets just fired their head coach three days, four days ago. I don't know what you, you, you think they did that on purpose for the simple fact that putting pressure on the players like what y'all doing right now that ain't gonna cut it And we wanna win another one in order another We think we need to. That ain't nothing but the players call anyway. You know that, huh? Yeah, For Sure. That ain't nothing. But the players called. I look at it like this ojo, there's really never a good time to release someone of their duties.


Right. But if you're thinking about firing him and he goes to the Western conference finals, how do you make that decision to fire him? He goes to the NBA finals. Right? How do you find a guy that goes to the NBA finals? So it maybe they had, had their mind made up. Maybe there are some things that, You know, you look, I read what everybody else read, right? They have been bickering between him and the general manager Calvin Booth. What Is that to bicker about? I just, I don't wanna What they, what is that to bicker about? Well, look, I mean general gen, the general manager, when you draft guys, I want those guys to play. Mike Malone says I'm trying to win games. Oh, I feel Russ gives me a better chance to win.


Right? So I'm leave him in there. Right. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. He, Calvin Booth says, I drafted this guy. These are younger guys. I want these guys to play. Oh. Oh. And I got, it's kinda like Ty Lu, right? Ty Lu win the championship. They want him to play the younger guys. Tlu say, no, I ain't playing them younger guys. I'm playing the win. They fire Ty Loop. Oh, now that's tough. It's, it absolutely, it is absolutely very, very tough. It's gonna be a great series. 'cause Yoic, you gonna get his numbers no Matter what. I mean, think about it. Yoic finished top two, top three points, rebounds assist and steals. And he is not gonna win the MVP.


But I mean, we know why he is not gonna win the mv, but I'm saying G going over there and just as special. Now His team had a better record. Right? He ain't led the league in scoring, but we've never seen this. We've seen a guard lead the leaking score. Hell, Jordan did it 10 years in a row. Right? Tracy McGee led the leaking score. Right. We've never seen somebody finish top three, let alone rebound points to rebound Yes. In three categories. Absolutely not four categories. Hell no. And he did that. Yeah. Got no problem with Shaa winning it. Shaa was sensational this year. Yeah. And watching him play, bro, when he puts that show to your chest and step back, you might as well just go ahead and run on back down the court.


Because he's gonna go in, it's gonna go, it gonna go in. Don't even, don't even work the Hey, don't even talk about Miss It or Right. Don't even worry about it. Just, just head on, back down to court because it's, it's gonna go in matter of fact. Well this is gonna go ahead. I wanna put my bid in now what you got? I want, I wanna put my bid in now. Now listen, now let's, let's, let's, let's talk business that's now. I don't, I don't wanna be personal now I know I owe you some money. I know I owe you 5,200, right? Yes you do. Let's, let's, let's put that aside right now. Let's talk business. Okay? Now, I think for the betterment of me in being able to talk about basketball as we enter the playoffs, I think it's imperative and important since you on the West coast and then you have access to lake tickets.


I think it's imperative that you And I And we go sit courtside of the Lincoln game. How am I gonna say? And I think, I think that's something we, we should do. We should do game one, game two. I'm not sure what game it is, but listen, I can get a flight. Spirit flies, spirit flies to LA And you And I need to go to a game. So what you think about that? Oh, Joe, hold On. Wait minute. Realize that before you answer, before you answer you, you listen to me. Yeah. Timber, wolves, werewolves, teen wolves, Lakers, and five. See, see the thing is though, Joe, when you go to games, if you go to the game, we miss the other game. It's like we you do realize, like we going now, our schedule's gonna change.


We're going after every, every, every, every game. So we might be going five, six days in a row. Okay. Okay. That, that's okay. But it, it is, listen, it's about continuity. It's about, it's about you And I sitting together, core side of the Lincoln game. Boom. Then we watch the game, we leave Like, You know, maybe late, late, late in the fourth Boom, we the show. I don't know, You know, You know what Lake could play off Ticket game tickets. Coach That boy. You got it. Are you good? No, you got it. It Huh? You got it. I ain't bought no new car. I ain't got no new house. I ain't got no Chrome Heart jeans. I ain't got none of that. Nah, but you got, you gotta thing, you gotta understand. Right. I got 50 11 jobs, so I, I told you I'm, this is my season.


I'm, I'm just trying to treat myself. I ain't done nothing nice for myself In very long time. Some tickets, Huh? Treat that sister tickets. I'm glad you said that. As a matter of fact, I'm gonna give him a call from Freddy. As a matter of fact go ahead, keep talking. Wait a minute. I've been texting right now. And You, you, you the one told me you had, you had cor side, you had see the tickets I gave them up last year. Okay. You gave them up. But you still have it is like part ownership. You still got ownership? Nah. Well, tell me, tell me who you gave him up to so I can send him a message. No, I tell him I Like you gave him up all the way. Like, you don't, you, you don't have access to him no more. You can't call people and say, listen, I wanna go to this game. I'm calling Freddy. I'm calling the guy that I got, I'm texting Freddie right now.


Yeah. See, see what he says. Tell ask him how much he want for two so we can go to the game. I'm, I'm excited. Unc. I think that'd be, I think that'd be a good time man. That'd be a good time. And plus it's Timber, woods and Ant man. Everybody's gonna want go. Well listen, I mean, but hey Unc And you, you got done. Listen, it's about, it's about comradery. You know, just, just think about me. You caught side hot dogs, popcorn. You know we get on the, the jumbo tron Unc Ocho here and yo, we wave to the people and stuff like, that's dope. Ocho, you just spent 600 grand on a car, Huh? What That Lambo what about It?


That's 600 grand. It was 700. Okay. Oh. And you think I'm about to, boy, I wish I buy. Listen uncle, let me, lemme live a little bit. Unc, when you, when you was flying private? I ain't say nothing. I mean, I did say something but I ain't say nothing. When you was sitting courtside And you sitting courtside the liquor game. I ain't say nothing. Listen, when you bought, when you, when you paid for a $10,000 dog? I mean, I said something but you still did it. Let me treat myself on. I ain't bought myself nothing in 37 years, man. 37 years. Good Chad. I know the Chad understand. I'm the, I just this one year. I don't Understand one, nothing. Oh. You know this man want me to Chad. What up Freddy?


Hey Freddy. What's up Freddy? I'm good. Freddy. Freddy, what are we looking at? What we looking like at for the, for Lakers? Fuck yeah. Telling me And You game one, game two Telling me And you. Yeah. What it looking like, Punk? You gotta negotiate man. Don't just ask him. You gotta negotiate. You gotta learn how to talk man. Okay. Alright. What we looking like? You gonna text me back tomorrow? I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like you gotta learn how to talk to these people. You got, you got, listen, you got this. Lemme tell you something. When it comes to negotiating, you gotta establish dominance right away.


You asking the wrong question. You don't give 'em the opportunity to give you the number. You give them the number in which you can work With ocho. Those tickets belong to somebody. They have to sell them. I know those people that sit, those people that ocho, those people that sit there, they make more than me And you both in six months. Hey, see that's what I'm talking about. The fact that they made more than you vote. They gonna negotiate. They, they didn't about no money for them. Those people had those tickets for years. Ocho they ain't nobody just all of a sudden say, You know what, I won't see tickets to the Lakers. Hey, you gotta know somebody And you gotta get 'em up off them. You do realize these people are fans of us. You do know that. Right? You do know that. Right. Ocho when you, when you talk about people that's worth three, $400 million. Right.


Fans is one thing. But I know all them. What you, what you saying? They know us. They know you. They know me. What you saying? Think about it. What can they do with, what can they do with 304 million that we can't do with 5 million? Oh, They do a lot. Now if you said two 50 at 300, I'd agree with you. You talking about 5 billion, 300. They gonna do a lot. Hold On, hold on. They, they can do a lot. But we talking about the way we with 300 billion. I promise you if I got 300 billion I'll fly private. No, no. You're not everywhere. No you're not. No, you're not. The Hell you say no, No, no you're not. No you're not. No you're not. No you're not. I promise you not. Yes I am. I wouldn't, if you had 300 million, I wouldn't have allowed you to fly private. I'll let you choose. You Ain't not allowed me. I'm flying.


You better not let me get a hundred million. Damn three. What can, like you said, what can you do with 300 million? I can't do with a hundred million. Oh, I'm flying private. It's unnecessary. Huh? You need to be a people person. You need to be a amongst People. I am. Okay. The poll and the flight attendants on the private place. Nah. And you like private don't you? It was good. Act like Yeah. Don't, don't do it. Don't do it. He got nice food. George said we got pancakes. He woke up. He got, he ain't by four breakfasts. Lemme Tell you something. You, How you going to sleep? He eat up and eat full breakfasts. But you can, you can do that. You can do that flying commercial, you can do that flying commercial. It's, it's different. Just, oh, it's different being amongst people. But see at, at, but when you fly private, you determine when the flight leaves commercial, you gotta go.


When they say if that flight's at 2 59 or 3 59, I can say, You know what? Don't, yo, I wanna leave at five 15. I wanna leave X amount of time. I get, and guess what? I pull right up. I pull 'em right up to the tar back, get my bags out. Boom, boom. I'm get on there. I bring my dogs. I can bring whatever it, it's, it's the convenience. Yes. Ocho it's still, it's still the distance. It's the distance to the destination is the convenience. And that's what ocho at this junction in our life. Yeah. The way we prepared ourself. We do everything for convenience. Yeah. That's what it's about. Now, Ocho, I got you. It's about convenience. Having some, okay. Hey, boom, you gonna have you handle that.


Okay, well handle this. Okay. We'll handle that. And that's what pri that's what PJ's that's what they give you an opportunity to do. Mm. But he'll hit me back. I I I've been knowing Freddie. Yeah. I was, I've been knowing Freddie now for three years. Okay. That that's it. Just three, Three. Because I was, I was at a game and he, he was like, I see you at a lot of games. Yeah. He's like, I'll give you a better price. Oh, see, there we go. Now be talking. Put your number, put your number, put your number in. Now Be talking. But I and oh Joe, then I, I bought the season tickets. Yeah. Season Tickets was like, hold on. I only bought, hold on. I only paid, I only got nine. I only played for 19 games.


Okay. That was almost 300,000. There's 42 games. There's 41 games in the regular season. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Yes. Let gimme let me gather, let me gather my thoughts real quick. So you bought 19 games? Yes. At 300,000. Now I was a band major. Almost. Almost, Yes. A game. That's about Two tickets. Hold On, hold on. Lemme carried it. One carried it two divided by Probably about 17, $18,000 A game. Yeah. Oh, that okay. Okay. When you, when you put it like that, that ain't, that ain't bad. That ain't bad. That's, that's, that's about right. And then you real, you do realize like when the playoff come, Boom, boom.


Oh, it go, it go up. Yeah. Damn. Hey, so, so think about, Bro, I went to, I went to, I went to the Miami Heat game. Right. Well that's not that bad. You know, I I, I sit courtside in Miami. That, that ain't bad. Game Two, I went to game two at, at the NBA finals. Oh, the finals. And you played San Antonio. I thought you meant a regular game. No. Oh my Bad. And I was up under, I was up under the basket. Right. That was, those two tickets cost me about 1212 a piece. 17,000. Okay. Yeah. That's, that's about right. That's about right. And That was LeBron's, that was whenever they played San Antonio. Okay. Because they lost, remember they had lost the San Antonio the first game. Tony Parker hit that shot, late layup shot. And then LeBron brought, so I came back and saw the, the, the one that LeBron blocked Tiago Splitter shot from.


So I was right up front of the basket when that happened. Okay. And plus it was so expensive because Now you fly, I stayed at the Fountain Blue. Oh. That's when I got up. Oh. You see that's like, And I got Down, down, man. I went age, I went out to the front desk because y'all say, Hey, when y'all gonna stop playing this music? What music at the Blue and li No, they was at the fine blue. You know they played music the whole night. Oh yeah. They be cutting up now. They be cutting up. I listen It was like, Mr. They like Mr. Sharp. That's kind of what kind of what we are known for. Right. I say I sure wish I'd have known. Yeah. Lemme tell you what, I would've been known for staying here. That Man between the music and the birds Squaking.


Yeah. I said, oh man later for this. So, but that, so I can only imagine. Yeah. What final tickets would cost for a Lakers game? Mm. I mean, Hey, do the players get the players get too calm, right? Probably. And It's not, it's not, it's not Courtside. It's like Family. Family. Oh hell no. Family section. Family section. Yes. Okay. Well, well, maybe, maybe we listen. I, I could make a few calls And We Oh, you want me to call, call, call LeBron? No, I got, I could call LeBron. He gave me the, he gave me the ball. So I know he wouldn't mind giving no tickets. But I think that's gonna be a great series though. Yeah. I I think it's gonna be a great series. Ad Man, j Randall, they play really well.


Mike Conley always comes out. They got, they got a nice little squad. But I like the Lakers. If, if LeBron is, is, is, is good to go. I like the Lakers. I like that three headed monster with Luca. Ar LeBron. I like that. You know I got something for you right here though. Minnesota meet a quota. You Toyota Niggas and Fire. Okay. Ocho, this is what was said by Steve Kerr After the game. Yeah, after the game. Kerr spoke about Minga and said JK has been really impactful for us. It doesn't mean he's outta the loop going forward. This is how the game played out. I just told him in walkthrough that we were going to not go at with the usual rotation.


I didn't tell him he wasn't going to play because I wasn't sure if he was going to play or Not. Now didn't we have the same issue at the Olympics? Yep. Didn, we had the Same issue with that at the Olympics where certain people weren't playing. Yep. We had the same no certain people with Jason Tatum. Yeah. Here We go. Here we go. In the regular season during the NBA season in an important game that you need to win and your most athletic player that you brought to my attention is not on the court doing what he does best because he makes mistakes. He's inconsistent, whatever it may be. In order to lose the inconsistency, you have to have reps, you have to build confidence. You know how you build confidence. That's by being on the goddamn court.


I, I don't, I don't get it. You want me to tell me Minga who can defend? Yeah. And you play, you play post. I get it. You know, if hard is in there, you gotta have a big, I'm surprised Kon Looney didn't play a little bit more than what he did. Right. Because he's a big body that can battle. That can battle a zoo box. But Domingo's not playing. That's hard. That's hard. Or you've been playing and all of a sudden the coach tell you a shoot around, say you may or may not play, but stay ready. He's a young guy. He's not, he's not like a Lou will.


Right. He's not like a Jamal Crawford that knows that, You know, I'm gonna come off the bench X, Y, and Z. Right. He's a young player. He's trying to gain traction, he's trying to gain his confidence and then he's like, I've been in a rotation. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then all of a sudden you don't play. It's tough Ocho Yeah, it's tough. It's tough. Yeah. But Kurt won four championships. He's not gonna get criticized. Ocho. Yeah. He's just not. Yeah, You can't. You can't, you can't. There's nothing to say because Of the win. It's kind of hard to argue the success that he's had. But all I know he's been in the play, play in more times than not. Right. And he's never won a game in which he's been in the play in.


Right. So it's gonna be very, very interesting to see how this shapes up. But I was surprised that Minga did not play in this series. All right, ocho. So here we have the seating, the nine 10 matchup Sacramento Kings versus the Dallas Mavericks seven eight matchup, the Golden State Warriors versus the Memphis Grizzlies. The four or five matchup is the Clippers versus the nuggets. The three six matchup is the Lakers versus the T wolves. Rockets will play face the seventh seed and the KC Thunder will face the eight seed. So whomever wins out of Golden State in the grizzlies will be the seventh seed. And then the winner of the nine 10 will face the loser of the seventh eight matchup.


Okay, in the East we have four or five. The Indiana Pacers are the four seed. The Milwaukee bucks are the five seed, the three six matchup. The New York Knicks versus the Detroit Pistons. Mm. The seven eight matchup is the Orlando Magic. They take on the eight seed Atlanta Hawks, the winner of the seven eight will beat the number seven seed and they'll face the Boston Celtics. The loser of the seven eight will face the nine 10 Bulls heat. That winner draws the Cleveland Cavaliers.


So I like it in both. In both sides. 4, 5, 3, 6 has already been determined. Damn Eastern Conference, the Pacers take on the bucks. Three six Nicks versus the Pistons on the West. Three six Lakers take on T Woods four, five in the West Nuggets versus the Clippers. So, Man, man, what, what happened to ma? Heat? Man? Jimmy Butler left Man. Man, Jimmy Butler left. Ah, man. So we're gonna find out, Ocho you gonna find out what y'all made of bro? See if y'all got what y'all, what y'all cooking with dog. But there should be some good matchups.


It should be some good matchups. I think the three six on both sides. Detroit looks really, really good this year. Yeah. Bernie, B, JB, Bernie, JB Bernie's son. Excuse me. JB Bickerstaff is, he should get some, some mention. Yeah, for Coach of the Year Doka, he should get a mention for Coach of the Year. Who else? I think JJ Reddick. I don't think JJ Iss going to ran. I think it should be out of Doca and the Pistons. If I had a vote. I'm voting for JB Bicker staff. Yeah. God damn. Piston playing. Good boy. I got what's Cumming? How, how you say a last name? Huh? Cummings. Cummings Minga? No, no, no. Finish K Cunningham.


Oh Man. Okay. Cunningham. Nice. Hey boy, boy, remind me of myself of high school boy. Golly. And, and Malik Beasley is making threes. I was like, damn. I sure wish he was making no three when he went to Lakers. Like that. Cut. Hey, cut. Cutting. Letting them loose, boy. Yeah, They got Durden. They got, they got a nice little squad. Qua. They squad. Yeah. Yeah. They got a nice little squad. They young too now. Yeah. Yeah. They young. Yeah.


On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker. Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed. Starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha pitcher event of the year. Twin brother Smoke and Stack. Both played by Michael B. Jordan. Return to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre bending, thrill Ride shot with IMAX film Cameras. Centers arrive only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17. Not admitted without parent.


You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, pre-approval for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. You'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, real-time insight and more all the things you need to make that kind of informed decision that can make the big difference for you and your family. So whatever you're buying your first home managing home ownership task or unlocking equity for future opportunities, there's only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home at one address. rocket.com. The new home for all things home ownership. Whether you're buying or refinancing, you have to just look because it's all there. Rocket on the dream.


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny Days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of Sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now. Alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen report,


Joker becomes the third player to average a triple double during the season. He joins his teammate, Russell Westbrook, Oscar Robinson. Oscar Robinson and Russ are the only ones to average a 30 point triple double yoki. Just finished 0.2 points. Short of that, he averaged 29.8 points per game. 12.8 rebounds per game. 10.3 assists per game in average. What? 1.2 steel, 1.8 steals per game, which was tied per second. Dyson Daniels led the league with 3.0 assists per game. Yoic had more triple doubles this season. 34 than any three players in the league combined. No other players else enter Fri Friday with more than 10 this season.


I think LeBron had exactly 10. Correct. So that just goes to show you just how dominant Yolk was. Very, very, Hey, I got a question. Yes. As not as dominant as he is, right? Yes. Being that his game isn't based on explosion and being quick and, and and playing above the rim. How long can he keep this up? As long as he want to. It's being reported. He's about to sign a three year, $212 million extension in the off season, which is the supermax, which is the most a guy can sign for, which is that $70 million per year extension. Yeah. Which, what Luca was gonna be entitled to this off season.


Right. So, Well Luca, Luca still, his game is not a lot of pounding. Ocho is not a lot of up and down. Right. He can play another eight years Consistency consistently doing this. Mm. He got this. Yeah. Long as his mind stays sharp and it, but you gotta realize those type players are not like American players. Right? They, it's not the end all be all to them. You hear them talk. He wants to get back to his horses. He wants to get back to his native land. Right? He wants to be with his family. That's, that's what he wants to do. Right? I'm not saying he doesn't take the game serious. He takes the game. You don't become this good. Right? I don't care how talented you are Yeah. By that. Yeah.


Be this dominant without taking the game serious, without putting the work in. Right. And that was the thing. I mean, you people talk about Luca. Luca put the work in. I think that the, the thing is with Luca is that you look at his body, he's never gonna have a body like LeBron James. He's never gonna have a body like the Dwight Howard. Yeah. Neither is Yoic. That's not how, that's not their makeup. That's not their genetic makeup o each other. Right. That's not how they're gonna be built. European players. Well you, well European players you see built like that got caps on these shoulders abed up. Right, you're right, you right. Got quad half three. Definitely. That that ain't what they are. Can you put them ball in the basket?


Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. He had a phenomenal season. But Shea, Shea Shaa should win the mvp. He's earned that. He's been, I mean all those consecutive 20 point games, all those, he led the league in 50 point games, led the league in 40 point games, 30 point games, 20 point games. He's, he had been sensational and they have the best record in the NBA Another. So He got one the other. Yeah, Giannis has 11. LeBron has 10. So LeBron finished second, third, triple doubles.


But Yoki was far, far, far, far, far, far ahead, ahead of everybody with those triple doubles. But it's gonna be a very interesting matchup because there's a big body that can bang with him. But here the Bang Lou box gonna have to be extremely careful 'cause he can get him in foul trouble. 'cause Yoki had all those moves, those ups and unders Andy Duke. So it's gonna be very, very interesting to see how this thing plays out. Woo. Before the jazz, before the jazz game against the Wol, Malik Beasley tweeted, And you need seven threes to beat me. An became the youngest player to league the league in three points made. He got it.


He said, And you need that. And I said, okay, say no More fam. And he went, he went and got all seven. Yep. Beat him by one. It's, it's, it's so funny when you think about it, when you think about hitting seven threes, it sounds so easy until you're in a structured environment actually playing a game and don't understand how difficult it is, man. But Ant nice. Right? And Had 43, he was seven of 18. From three 15 of 31 from the field. 40 minutes. He was plus 20. That boy nice Man. Rudy Gobert had 19 and 18 rebounds. Drew Randall had 10 points, 10 rebounds, five assists.


They got great production off the bench from Ni Reed gave him 11 points. Dante Dezi gave him 16 points. And Akia Alexander gave him nine points. So 25 30. So they got 36 bench points. The jazz Oscar tbi, clay, well gave him great points off the bench. I don't know what the jazz really going to do, but the Timberwolves, that's the Lakers next opponent. They got a guy that can protect the rim, Rudy Gobert. But the thing is, He ain't got no big, When you got it, when you, he's, he's not a guy you run plays for.


You just gotta keep him off the glass. Right. Jackson Hayes, just keep him out the glass. Don't go no plum fade. Don't, don't do any of that. Just keep him off the glass. Right. The problem was, is that in the fourth quarter, he becomes a liability because everybody's gonna put him in the pick and roll and they're gonna make him guard. Right. If you go back and watch the game last year, what did Luca do? Put him in the pick and roll. Come on. Yeah. As Mark Jackson used to say, shall I have this dance? Yes, you may. And so that's what you gotta do to the big guys that punish him. He's out there in the back. He's out there on he, because look as a defensive player. And that's, he's won what, four defensive players of the years? Yes. And now Ash three or four, he's really, he's really a help defender.


He's not like an on ball defender. Elijah one was an on ball defender. Yeah. You know Jordan and guys like that. Were on ball. He's a help defender because those guys get him out there in no man's land because it's hard. He's seven foot tall where probably size 1922 bro, you not Finn to slide and make, you might get him on the first one, but are you gonna be there that second move? Are you gonna be that third move, right? Four. Yeah. So he tied Ben Wallace. 'cause Ben Wallace has four also and Tum. Okay. So it's gonna be a very interesting matchup. But Malik, you told Ed he need three to beat you and he's gonna get enough shots up.


He shot 18, he shot 18 threes. They shot 43 and had 18 of the 43. He had seven of the 13 mates. But now they got what they wanted. They're the seed. They get the Lakers. Damn. When does the series start? Do we know when the series start? You? Saturday, Sunday. So I'm playing. So they're playing. So they're not, they're not starting before Monday. I mean Sunday They don't have the schedule. Hey, see if They don't have the schedule out, no, because it's, yeah, because it's contingent on, because the playing teams Right. You don't want them to, you want to give them a a, a fair.


So probably the four or five matchups on both sides and the three six matchups, they'll probably go out first because those guys will have forgotten all the rest. They done playing somebody from the, You know, the seven, eight, and the nine tens. Right. So well listen, that's probably how it's gonna go. That's, that's a good, that's a good thing that we don't know when they play. That gives us enough time for Fred to hit us back and give us a, a number on what it's gonna look like for you. You know? I'm serious man. That, that, I think that'd be good. Not just for us to watch the game, but You know, we don't get, we don't get, oh, Joe, you just bought a 700 me thousand dollars car, bro. Come out the money break. Red. Hold on, let Me, let me talk to you real quick. Lemme talk to you. I think it would be cool. Right? It's one thing we do to show Right.


But we don't really get a chance to really spend time together. Now we have great chemistry on camera. Now let's, let's, let's continue that in person sitting courtside and doing what the Fells do. We could be like life. Remember Martin, remember Martin and Eddie Murphy? Yes. Like, that could be me And you, Claud and Ray. Yes. Yeah. Claude and Ray. Like, like no, no cameras, no, just, just two fellas kicking back, watching the game. You know, You know, enjoying it, talking basketball. You, you could teach me a thing or two. Oh, Joe, Chad. Chad. Y'all help me check, check back what I'm missing here. Chad Ojo bought, he got a new crib, $21,000 in just a, a handful of furniture.


Y'all saw the man spent all this money on Chrome hard jeans and he just spent 700 k on a car. And he want me to pay for court size seats. Whoa, Whoa. Listen, you ain't gotta pay for 'em. We can split it. We can Split it. No, you should pay for it. Okay. All right. I got you. I got you. Okay, so take I, I tell you what I tell you what, take that $5,200 table And I get a quarter size ticket. Yeah. That's how I'm feeling. That's how I'm, I'm I'm feeling, I'm feeling like that. How you gonna pay something? How you gonna pay something with my money? You Say, oh, now come on Now you gotta make up your mind now. Now either we gonna sit court side together, You know, and have, have some type of chemistry and enjoy the game.


Or you want your 5,200. We can't do, you can't have it both ways. You can't have both of 'em. Hey man, I bought you A gift. You, I bought you a gift with your money. You being Selfish. Now don't, don't, don't be selfish. I'm trying to do something outta the goodness in my heart. You talking about what I owe you, but I'm paying, I'm paying for court side tickets. That quadruple what I owe you. It's the thought that counts. Sharing is Account. So you gonna buy me a, excuse me? You gonna buy me a ticket with my money Now? I'm not gonna use your money. I'm gonna use the money I already got. Now the money I owe you is set aside What? Set it aside in my pocket was let it sit beside me.


Since that I wanted to be beside me. You, you make, listen, you, you real difficult to work with That man Here Chad. This man spent 700 K on a Lambo. He just got furniture. He got a 70 inch TV with surround sounds. Yeah, y'all saw him sitting on a Ferrari. Y'all saw the man with the Chrome hard jeans. Hold on, hold on. That, that, that, that's right. That Ferrari old, that's old that, that's Smart. Jeans ain't old. I got a booster in Miami to get everything for me. Huh? I ain't even got to pay for price for nothing. I just pay half. Who made that shirt you got on?


Oh this. Oh this Louis Vuitton. I know what it is. I wanted you to say it And I know what it cost. Yeah, It it was, it just because I got the look book too. Oh, you got this? No, I ain't get that. Okay. But I got the look book that it came out of. Oh yeah. Yeah. You know, I, I was, I was in, I was in the look book and let me treat my myself. It's 2025. I told you man, I'm, I'm shutting it down at the end of the hour. I Wanna treat myself. I got something in mind for 5,200. What you got in mind? Tell me. Oh, tell, tell, tell us what you got in mind. You know, I, I have, I might have one of the more rooneys I want to take out For 5,200. Oh, absolutely not. Yeah. You ain't spend no 5,200 on. No.


Oh no. Oh no. We ain't doing that. Gonna tell me what I can spend my money on. Hey, you ain't spending, listen. Lemme tell you something. I love you like a brother And you always talk to me when it comes to doing things. I shouldn't be doing. You ain't spending 5,200 on Nathaniel. Nathaniel because she ain't been in your life long enough. 'cause I don't even know who she is. The fact that I don't know who is, that means she ain't work. 5,200 now. She was that special. I would know about her. I'm, I'm gonna tell it to you like that. I, I I know I told you I need 5,200 for the dog. What dog? I told you I'm getting a dog. Okay. I tell you what you sent, you send the lady in Europe, right? The dog in Europe. Yes.


You send her the first 500 and when she get hit with the dog, I see the other 52. I already sent her the money. I already sent her half. Okay. When the dog get here, I say I I pay for the dog. Okay, There you go. Okay, I got you. I promise you, I got you The Volume.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite Check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a Slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for business comes in. With convenient digital tools, helpful resources, and personalized guidance, we can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more at chase.com/business. Chase for business, make more of what's yours. The Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chasing Company


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana, that's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and select markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


Clorox, TIVA smells like grapefruit, cleans like Clorox, and feels like, Okay, we could be here all day. Try Clorox Tiva for a trusted clean with long lasting freshness. Also available in lavender and coconut uses directed.