
Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything, even the sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from Way Downtown Deep Fit. Will the owner of a red sedan please visit guest services. Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a prop With Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what your Restrictions and limitations apply. Cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's A whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. No one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Paramount Plus is your home for the ua for Champions League. The best club soccer tournament in the world is underway and it's bigger, better, and bolder than ever. Next up we got Match Day four, which feeds Royal Madrid, hosting Milan on Tuesday, November 5th, and then enter versus Arsenal on Wednesday, November 6th. Stream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the UEFA Champions League. You can try it free today@paramountplus.com slash live sports.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device, qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime. Video right On the money This week. It's one of the NFL's fiercest rivalries. As the Cincinnati Bengals faced. The Baltimore Ravens touchdown coverage begins with TNF tonight. Not a Prime member Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Bengals and the Ravens Thursday only on Prime. Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


The Volume TD Tudy taking it to the house. Reservations for six. whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. we want to bet on touchdowns. And. a Draftking sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown. Go to draft King Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction Void in Ontario, won no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Also, we had another incident though Joe video has emerged this morning showing Jason Kelsey walking near Penn State Fever Stadium and getting approached by a college student shouting his name and asking for a fist bump. Excuse me. One person can't be heard heckling Kelsey using a derogatory language about his brother Travis and girlfriend Taylor Swift. Hey Kelsey, how does it feel that your brother is a, you know the gay slur for dating Taylor Swift? The person yell. Jason was not having any of it as he turned stop turned around, grabbed the person's phone and slammed it to the ground as Jason goes to pick the phone up, the guy shoves him.


So he and Jason has the phone back to himself. Yeah. Who's the F now? Three times Fight person back. Jason, don't do that. Don't put your phone in people's faces. Give people space. Show respect. It's okay if the guy don't want fist bump you guys. It's okay. I saw the video. It's not the end of The world. Saw he got the phone all out. All in the all in the man space. Man, y'all need y'all. Come on. Come on. See I used to think say we are better than this, but we're not. Because after a certain point in time, Mo this is who we are.


This is who, this is what we've become as a society because, because what the internet has done, the internet has done is made so many people famous and so many people want their 10, 15 minutes of Fame that they're willing to cross lines Yeah. In order to achieve it. But sometimes you can make the Leave people alone. I look, I just, what I get it Ocho sometimes when, when we do our job right, we have to talk about people and we have to talk about the football and like we, we talked about the Tom Brady situation and his, his wife, they're moved on. They're going their separate ways and X, Y, and Z.


But I'm just trying to figure out, out Travis Kelsey dating Taylor Swift that impacts this gentleman's life. And why would you say, why would you call that man out of his, say his brother out of his name. So how do you think the man was gonna respond? Why? I mean, why would you do that? You with them, with the person to try to get a reaction outta Kelsey, outta Jason. I think Why College kids though? So you already know how they are. They not thinking straight. They're not thinking. They saying the first thing come to mind. So, you know, college, why So the college kid? Yeah. Are they gonna be adults at some point time About to kid in college now? You know, you was wild now you know. Yeah. But I ain't called nobody that but Ocho because like I said, I I, I'm, look, I'm big on respect.


Yeah. I I I ain't going nobody face being disrespectful and if I don't like somebody I'm not Understand the world we're in today, you have to understand these kids in the era and you just said it yourself. Tension media. Yes. Going viral internet. How can I make a name for myself? I mean just, just all that stuff tied in today and you know, kids don't know how to act and you know, this is, this is the era of cell phones and recording every goddamn, everything They do everything. It's, we've gotten to the point. We put everything on the internet. We put what we are eating, what we're wearing and X, Y, and z. It's just, it got to the point man. It just Bang, you know, I just, I I I just don't, I just don't know.


I just wish Jason wouldn't have had yelled those words back to it. Right. Just, just kept it moving. Just grab it. He did what he did. But just keep it moving. Don't, don't, don't lower yourself To Yeah. Yeah. I just, I I just, I just hated that some people go out, go out of their way trying to get a, a celebrity or an entertainer or somebody famous to get a reaction out of them. I, I hate that. That's where we are right now. Oh, I i if it's somebody that I don't like, yeah. I don't follow them. If they something come up on my feed, I scroll right past it. I don't listen to their music.


I don't watch their films. Okay. That I don't, we don't jive. We don't get along. I don't kind of like what you stand for. Okay. Ain't no harm no foul. And I'm definitely not gonna seek that person out to try to start a confrontation or try to get out there somehow. I, I just, you know, you just avoid the situation. But I just don't man people now. Damn it. And I could ocho I said before we started Yeah. This is who we are now. Because you know, Ocho you remember say, are are, are we really that bad or we really like this at some point in time you gotta come to conclusion. This is who we are. This is, this is what we become as a Society. Remember you got mad with dude in the airport when you had a bear Yeah.


With the dog. Yes, yes, yes. He wanted his, because I, I still don't know how, you know, like I said, he must, he must have been expecting somebody else was there. 'cause nobody knew I was there that day because normally I get a service to take me. I drove myself. So nobody kept, sometimes they'll, Hey, I'm picking up Shannon Sharp or somebody or a restaurant say, oh, reservation Shannon Sharp Ochocinco made reservations and the paparazzi will show up. Sometimes they have, you know, assistance or that'll alert the paparazzi so they can get pictures. Right. So I was very cautious that day to make sure that I drove myself.


And normally when I go to the airport or even anything and that I have, I have someone, I have someone to drive for me. But I was cautious that day. Right. And I noticed him earlier, Ocho but I, I said, well you know what? Nah, nah, nah. And the thing was is that, like I said, the lady had come right. 'cause she had to pick the dog up from one country. Yeah, that's right. She had to fly from one country. Right. Go to another country to get the dog, bring the guy the dog back to me. She was only gonna be in the airport for like 10 hours because the next flight was gonna leave. So, so my thing is, I'm giving this lady a lot of money. I need to make sure she gets back through security. So I was like, ma'am, do you mind if we do the transaction over there?


And she's like, sure, no problem. Because at first I didn't see her. 'cause she had, she had Teddy in a, in a, in a and a carrier. So I didn't, I'm looking, I'm like, and I called Shelly. I was like, Shelly, I don't see this lady Shelly get on the phone, called the lady. She said, well, she's standing ex-wife so forth on, she got on this, she got on this, I turned around. Right. I see. I got him. And I'm like, but he, look, he wanted reaction. I mean, I gave him, I mean, I guess he wanted me to shove him or something. I gave him what he looked for. He got his little, you know, he got his moment of Fame. But I mean, to call somebody brother a name derogatory. What, what, what did come bro, you in college, fool, man.


Well, that's what happened. I mean, people, people get really disrespectful because they ain't never been slapped before. Gotta you Gotta, you gotta make an Example. So, you know. Yeah man, I just that that's why you think I stay in the house ocho people like me? No, because I just, I just, I I just wanna be left. Hey, you a, you know a right. I get from point A to point B, I'm walking. Oh yeah, because Jordan, you know Jordan, if he worked for the every whatever airline we, we, we flying on because he gotta get everybody they bags. Me and Ash done got off the plane. I'm like, Hey, what the F is Jordan? I said, don't worry about it. You added there, you can wait. I'm gone.


He getting everybody bag. You need your bag, ma'am. There you go. Sir, you need your bag. Which One? Jordan? Not this. Do you hear Derrick? Henry? No gluten, no fried food, no dairy, nothing processed. How that working out here? Mojo, Derrick, Henry King Henry. I don't know how it's working for him. It's broken. Good, ain't it? I, I'm, I'm asking you. He says he doesn't eat processed food. He doesn't eat fried food. He doesn't eat anything with gluten. Right. He doesn't eat anything with dairy. Don't you know what I'm asking? Don't believe him. How about that? I don't be like where Dairy Henry from?


He from the cri From Florida? Yeah, he from Jackson. Like in Jacksonville area. Man, that nigga lying man. I ain't listening. I ain't listening to him. Man. Stop lying man. But hey, I mean, I think, but for you, I mean, I think the thing is Gocho, when you take that, think about it. Derrick Henry had almost 1400 charact in, I Saw High saw saw the graphic Top on with another, another 600 in college, top on with another 2000 in the NFL. Yeah. I I, I, I don't, ain't gonna lie to you. I, I don't know.


He eat fast food. Listen, listen, he might not be as fast food, but everything he ran off and might have said for media wise, for good context. But look what I'm eating and which is why I'm playing so well. I ain't believing that shit. I can tell you that. Yeah. I, but I think No, no, no. I, I, I totally can believe it because I was like that during the season. I didn't, I didn't eat anything fast food. I stuck to, to the Tupperware. And then I had a situation where maybe it was like for like two weeks, three weeks in the off season, I would eat whatever I want. Right? Not every single day. But if there was a couple of days I wanted to go to, to Houston, which was one of my, but my, one of my favorite restaurants, I would go there and get the chicken back then they used to have chicken tenders.


They don't have 'em anymore. Or I get the burger. I steal my staple now. But for the most part, for me, it was in my mind because I felt once I, once I changed, altered my diet, right. I felt I played better. And so now I'm see my brain is convinced me, You know what that's called? That's Better on This. That's yourself. You mind yourself in, in feeling like what you're consuming is improving your plate. When that really had nothing to with it. The same way your mind, you mindfuck yourself and say, McDonald's don't mess up your plate. No, no. You see how you mind fuck yourself. Stay with me. Now there's a certain skillset that you've honed and perfected when you started at Savannah State until you got to the NFL when you was with Denver. Yeah. You worked on that craft and you perfected it to a point to where you became a hall of famer.


Would you, your body ain't changing none of that. Yeah. No it won't. Yes it will. I God damnit it won. Won't. Yes. Will I, I promise you we could argue all. So you, so you did, you did. So you didn't improve, you didn't do anything different. You ran the same, you did the same drills in high school and college that you ran, that you got to the NFL. You changed absolutely nothing. Understand it's, yeah. No, no, no. Hold on. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. So from high school, you changed absolutely nothing. You did the exact same thing in high school. College FL as routine when it comes to training, Did you change anything from high school?


Yes. College to the NFL. Why? Because you had already, you honed your crowd. I'm Stay with me. Why would you? About my training regimen. I'm not talking about what I consume and eat. I, so why would you change anything? That's my Point. Okay. It worked for me. I see what you're saying. Okay. I'm Hey, I'm with you a little bit. I'm with you a little bit. I'm with you. Talk to me now. Come on, man. Adam Shefter tweeted, here's a sentence that hasn't been written or heard in this century since before. Dan Snyder owned an NFL franchise. Players want to wind up in Washington playing for the commanders. According to Shefter. In recent weeks, there have been players who privately stated or told their agents they wanted to be traded to the commanders ocho rank the current teams around the league that players don't want to play for.


You get Dallas, Las Vegas, Cleveland, Places that I, Carolina, we gotta put Carolina in There. Players will always wanna play for Dallas. I'm, I'm gonna take that out. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna take them off that list. Cleveland probably because the quarterback situation, even with Jamis playing the way he played last week, I, I don't think players would wanna go to Cleveland Carolina ob for obvious reasons, because right now things aren't going well for them. Which one you gonna put first or where you going first? Not going where I'm not going first. Yes, let's go Cleveland. I mean, I'm sorry.


I'm sorry. Carolina. Carolina first. Hey, Carolina first and then Cleveland after Cleveland. The Raiders. Okay. Yeah, I mean, having, having the cowboys in that is, is, yeah, to me it, it, it's ridiculous because it, it is still America's team no matter what you want, whether they're winning, whether they're losing, they steal their headlines regardless because of who they are. So I would never put them in a in, listen, anybody, anybody that knows football in general, if you're a player, you'd wanna play for the Cowboys. You'd wanna play for the Cowboys. And plus Texas and Las Vegas doesn't have, Nevada doesn't have income, state income tax. So that order was cool.


Right. So Carolina. Carolina, Cleveland, Raven. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. I I can see that Carolina, Cleveland, it get cold at least in Vegas. Right. You know, I got eight games at home. I mean indoors, no state income tax. I got the strip. Jacksonville, we added Jacksonville. Where you want Jacksonville. So would you go Carolina, Jacksonville, Cleveland, Vegas, Dallas, last, or would you go Carolina, Cleveland. Jacksonville, Vegas. Know, I don't even, man, listen, if you, if you, You know, Florida ain't got no stadium. Jackson either. They got the quarterback. They got the quarterback. I really wouldn't consider a place I wouldn't wanna play because hell, Brian to Brian Thomas Jr.


Could do it. Are we sure they got the quarterback? I mean, they got a quarterback that's making a lot of money. Are we sure? Are we sure it's Tough? Hey, listen, quarterback, Hey listen, players get coaches fired. I think Doug Peterson might be on the hot seat if he doesn't get fired. There's one person who's gonna save a job. That's Trevor Lawrence. That's Trevor. Trevor Lawrence. Hell, Trevor. Matter of fact, Doug Peterson, you need to thank Trevor Lawrence and Brian, Tom Jr. Ahead of time. Think him ahead of time. Because if you don't get fired this season, I guarantee it's be, it's going to be because of the play of those two. Man, I don't know how you keep that job. If they don't make the playoffs.


Make, Make What? Playoffs. I'm just gonna be honest with you. Who Playoffs. Okay. I don't see how keep that job did. Right. I don't see how you keep that job did well, but yeah, I, I agree. I think I'll go Carolina, man. But Cleveland fan base is so passionate. They show up that joke been sucking for like forever. Show up forever. And the fans and dog, they show up, they be out there tailgate. Now look, you know, we played a, we, you know, we, I went to Cleveland office in Baltimore, they in the same division and they'd be out there.


We played 'em in Denver a couple of times at the old municipal stadium. Yeah. Yeah. They'd be out there. Ocho now you don't get that kind of support in Jacksonville unless you win it and you still ain't get the kind of support that they get in Cleveland. And you damn sure ain't getting that in Cleveland. Yeah. And you damn sure not getting that in Vegas because a lot of the people in Vegas, they, they're like transient. You know, they came here from somewhere. Right? They're not N Raiders fans, but nah. Yeah. Carolina be last on my list. I would tell, I would say Carolina, Jacksonville, my put Cleveland third because the fan base is passionate and we've seen when Jacksonville losing, Ain't nobody, nobody showing Up.


Man, them seats empty like a mug. Them seats empty like a bug.


Hey, it's Kevin Hart in this basketball season. Chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seeds. I appreciate the support people Eat that pretzel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save the tag one cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what's your Restrictions and limitations. Apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC.


Coming soon to Prime Video. You Can call me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best. And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I've connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for foot. Ms. Killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. So lot sickos out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross. I learned to dress his gut, get inside's head. The clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. You think you can stop him? I know I can. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. November 14th.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe With these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You, Feel good enough to go out there and play. You turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on any time anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online Casino style games, all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law 18 plus terms


this Fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59.99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59.99 per month for three months, then 82 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


All it took was 10 games for the Indianapolis coach to bitch Anthony Richardson. In a favor. 39-year-old Joe Black coat. Even though Richardson is just 22 years of age, 10 games was enough of a a sample size to draw a conclusion that the last year, number four overall pick hasn't gotten it done. Jalen, hers is a prime example of giving a young quarterback an opportunity to develop. Hertz said his development is by is why teams should be patient with young quarterbacks. I think the thing, I think things do take time, think things take time. And everybody has a different approach to going in. I wasn't supposed to be the guy I am today. Nobody expected that. But I took advantage of my opportunities and that's what I encourage everyone to do.


Regardless. I don't, I don't like to move. I don't care what nobody say. I don't like to move. This your number four pick, right? Yes. It's your number four pick. Now what I think what, what I'm, what I'm saying is happening, I don't like the fact that they're benching him. For one, he didn't play a lot of college football, he didn't play a lot of college football. He didn't get a lot of snaps. The, the amount of snaps that needed to be able to come in and transition into the NFL and be prepared, you know? Right. Just being big, strong, fast and having a and having an arm is not gonna get it done. It's not gonna get it done. No. So the only way to improve in the NFL is with reps. With reps. With reps. With reps. He's the future of the franchise. He's the number fourth quarterback. So the only reason I think they put flaco in is to save the season.


Do we have a chance to make a run? So what we're gonna do is we four and four, I think, well they are four and four, right? What's the tech, what's the rx, what's the coach? Nah, I don't know if they're four and four. You don't think so? I don't know if they, I don't know if they run four games. ocho, they might've. Nah. I, I, I I They're four and four. They 500. See? I see. I knew, I knew it. So what they're doing. But co Mr. Mr. Syken is doing, he's making a change because he feel the team had the chance and the opportunity to make a run. At some point, Anthony Richardson will be the future of the cols. But right now we're gonna put Flaco in because he gives us, he, they think they feel, which, which is true statistically Flaco gives them the best chance to win right now and compete.


And, and this is, this is a a a a compete division. Yeah. Because the Houston, the Texans aren't what they were. Right. Jacksonville is very hit or miss. We know what the titans are. Yeah. So, and, and look, I know people are saying that, you know, he tapped out and that's one of the reasons. But you gotta look at his ocho. This guy has a worse completion percentage than Tim Tebow. Tim Tebow completed 46% of his passes. He's completing 46, 40 4%. That's 4% Lloyd than JaMarcus Russell did we think JaMarcus Russell and Tim Tebow were good quarterbacks? No, we didn't. And his completion percentage is worse than theirs.


He needs to, he needs time to watch. They, they put him in too quick when he wasn't ready. And what happens is OCHO is that when you draft someone that high and you draft him at that position, you're not waiting because after the end of the third year, O I'm gonna have to make a decision. I'm have to get these guys 300, four, 500 million I need to see. Right. And in the process of that, 'cause like you said, he didn't play a whole lot of football and he didn't play a whole lot of football in a pro style offense. Right. A lot of his stuff, he was running the football. Well, you know, he said the NFL was easy. I can't tell if the NFL is easy and you completing 44% of your passes.


Right. What the hell you think would happen if the NFL was hard? Don't You? Can I tell you one more thing unc that I don't like? Yeah. And I'm just saying chat Y'all stay with me real quick, real quick. Like, listen to me. When it comes to the game of football, when you're drafted at high, you have expectations. You have friends, you, you have people telling you, you this, you that and you, you get to the N nfl, you get drafted that high, then you plan, you have a certain high, a certain certain or in feeling about yourself where you, where you feel good, you know what it feel like to get bench on. Do you understand what it feels like to get benched up? Yeah. As a quarterback. Forget some of the other positions because some of the other positions, you have an opportunity to bounce back, you know, and you have an opportunity to, to make those plays again.


But as a quarterback, I think it does some, especially when you're young, it does something to your psyche. I I'm assuming, I I it it has to, it has to do something to your psyche. So now you're telling me I'm playing bad, I'm playing so bad, you're going to sit me down and bench me for Joe Flacco. So if I do get the opportunity to play again, what's the first fucking thing I'm gonna do? I'm gonna be goddamn indecisive. I'm Gonna, well, hopefully you learn. Hey, I'm, I'm gonna be hesitant. I'm not gonna make the big plays I was making earlier. I, it just, I I don't, I gimme His last three games. It just weird. It is weird to me. We Complete like nine and 10 passes. Hopefully, hopefully he gets an opportunity to sit and watch and then he can come.


He say, well Joe, what if Joe ask him and he can ask Joe, Joe, what did you see? Why did you go there? Right. Because that's the biggest thing. Ocho ocho you can't throw 30 passes and complete eight of them in the NFL. You're not gonna win like that. Yeah. And he, you know what? And then we can't, we can't blame the receivers. 'cause they got, they got a squad now. Yeah. Hey, they got some boys now. Ocho Tom Brady post song lyrics. After Giselle announces her pregnancy, Bo Brady posted a sunset photo via his IG stories using the chicks cover landslide as background music. He added song lyrics to o Mirror in the sky. What is love?


Can the child within my heart rise above? Can I sail through the changing ocean ties? That must have been one of they songs together or something. I'm, Hey, hold on. I'm com I'm confused though. Hold on now. So what you Confused by She pregnant? Like, like with a, like with a baby? Yeah. What Else? Now she pregnant? No, she pregnant with a now. Hold on Now if my mask serves me correct. It's only been a year. So if it's only been, It'll take but nine months. That's bingo. So if her and Tommy just broke up not that long ago, that mean her and Buddy had to be doing the do while they were still together. That might have been a possibility.


He might've been putting meat on her back then. Okay. Oh Lord. That ain't good, man. Hold bro. Hold on. Why do you think somebody, because of who they are, is exempt from what? The casual man Every day? I ain't say that. I just said that's messed up. You know, to do, to do the, you know, it is life though. It is what it is. It is what it They they separated. They separated, don't you? I they're separated now. But I'm just saying just, just the thought of it. You might've been separated but it, when before you was separated, you know you was planted the seed already. The, the, the seed might have been getting planted. I ain't no motherfucking Food. Oh look here. Right. A lot of times men or women, they're not leaving the relationship unless they got something lined up.


There are very few people that will quit a job without having a job already lined up. Now sometimes it has happened just like sometimes people will leave a relationship and totally be scot-free. But that's not, that's a rarity. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. So say that again? Say, say what you just said one more time. Some people I said normally people won't relieve a relationship unless they got something already lined up. Now there is, there is, there have been situations where they just want to get out from under that situation. It's just like a job. Sometimes people like, I ain't got nothing la lined up, but I just know I need to this job.


But more times than not, people have another job already. I'm up out the door. Dang. That's crazy boy with a baby though already. Maybe she wanted one in time, didn't Nah man, Tommy ain't hear man. Tommy would've gave her another one if she wanted another one like you. It ain't been, it ain't been two years now. You already got the, you already got the WWW already. Hey, hey. So, so hey, you broke up with your girlfriend? You waiting?


Hey, we break up. I putting meat on somebody that day. Damn. You, you, you ain't gonna heal that. Oh shit. My, I'm healed. My Bad. Hey, you ain't gonna heal. I I need somebody to help me. I need somebody to help me get over this. Can you help me? Yeah, listen. That help you talk about, that's temporary. Hey, that pain gonna seep right back in as soon as you done. You ever heard of Post Nut Clarity? Well that shit hurts. You what? Huh? Nah. Yeah. All right. All right. Damn. Hey, it, it happens O ocho once we go our separate ways, whatever you do, that's your, your right. First of all, it was your hoo-ha when we was together.


So if you chose it to give it somebody right when we were together. Hold What It's, hold on. Timeout, rewind. Lemme tell you something. It's never your hoo-ha ever, ever Lions wide receiver. Jameson Williams could face his third suspension by the NFL after a recent gun incident. The de Detroit free press reports. Williams had a gun in his brother's car during a traffic stop. He did not have a permit to carry a concealed weapon. Prosecutors are investigating the failure to arrest Williams at the scene. What happened was the police realized who he was. They got an opportunity that man, they got something to be something special. Detroit Paper, freedom of Information Act started digging like when man watch.


But anyway, the police officer could face charges of their own. It's all happening while Williams is serving us two game suspension for violating the peds. He's eligible to return Sunday after the game. Guys, if you going to get a firearm, get it registered, get a firearm permit, a concealed weapons permit to carry it, bro. Come on man. I know. Oh, Chuck bro. Then he, he don't like his money. He don't like money. He got suspended. Six games la well, six games last year. Ocho for, for betting on football. He just got suspended for two games.


Hold on. Hey, you say he he driving in the car. He got pulled over, right? He's like, oh, so his Brother was driving. I guess it's his brother car. He, he was in the passenger seat. His brother was driving, Was supposed to take that. He's supposed he's supposed to take that when the officer comes. Do you have any They he said yeah, two of them. One in the back seat, one in the passenger seat. You riding, you riding. I mean, what you expecting to pop off? I ain't, I ain't even got nothing. I ain't even got nothing for that one. I can't, I can't fight for that one ever, bro. Yeah, man.


Hey, I'm not sure Detroit, how Detroit state works as far as be being able to carry, I know at home, you know, at the crib. You, I mean now it's open carry state for whatever. Hey, you, you, Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Georgia got license. Georgia got mo. Yeah, I mean I, I used to have a car. I had a car, you had a concealed weapons card. But now they let you take that thing anywhere. You could take it anywhere. Yeah. That's why you have to be careful in the south. 'cause in the south, hey, you run on somebody and they got that thing. All that road rage, you get out your car walking up on somebody. They let you have it. They have you doing the macaroni in the street.


Hey, hey, that's a good one. Bad please. They give your button up, man. Hey, the, the hey. Yeah. You see? Hey. That's why they why they, every time they p oh p Oh pow, pow. That's a good one. Lead them people off. Hey, somebody cut you off. Go ahead bro. Officer, you and Harry. Hey, when people cut me off, I tell 'em speed on hell ain't fool yet. That's a good one. That's what you trying to go to. But hey, I ain't Finn Now, back when I was younger, old young, she, you know, hey, I drive in front of me and I slow down. Yeah. Not, not now. What? Now all of a sudden, oh, you got a problem.


You cut me off. I just did the favor. Turn the favor. Not no more Ocho people let you have it out there. Well, we let each other have it. Lemme take that. We let each other because you best believe, Hey, don't, don't play now. Yeah, man, I just, come on Ocho guys, we gotta be smarter than this. But I get, if it's his, here's the thing. If it's his brother's car and he's, his brother's driving, I'm a passenger. I'm good. I, hey, that ain't got nothing to do with me. All. You want me to say, Hey, I'm just a passenger in the car.


Damn. Man. Fuck man. I hate, I hate it's like one One thing on top of another. Yeah. I I think it was Texas. A dude rolled rage and the dude got out. Yeah, he shot and was beating on the guy's window. Did he? Man, you come at somebody in a threat. The matter you yelling and screaming just rolled down the window. Let him had it. Hey, even I think He killed, did he die yet? He No. Hold on Ocho what he did, he walked up. Oh, now That's a different story.


Now you talking, Even if he didn't have it, you can't walk up on somebody bamming on they window. You, you approaching someone in a threatening manner and you gotta be a, and why would you walk Up This just a once you, Once you draw unc, call the rule number one. If you from the crib, once you pour your weapon, If pull it out, you better let it go. Gotta let it go. You gotta let it go. The Volume.


Hey, it's Kevin Hart in this basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seed. I appreciate the support people. Eat that Brazel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save on tag one cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of What your restrictions and limitations apply Cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank, and a member FDIC.


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online Casino style games, all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms


Kroger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back. Score Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste you can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone.


What's good Justin Jefferson here Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear buds To have good sound and to be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.