
Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust. The name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to Fame smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage sale. Prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia Is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns and combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


When it comes to college basketball and March mania. One thing is for sure. Nothing's for sure. Upsets, buzzer beaters. Cinderellas advances top seeds. Going home early is all going to happen. Bet the unexpected. Every upset every day with Draftking Sports book. With live betting, exclusive content, promos and parlays. Draftking is the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple First time. Here's something special just for you. New Draft King customers bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Bet the unexpected with Draftking Sports book. Download Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet when you bet. Just five bucks only at DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided. Buy one carry the earth a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer returns in sweets details and now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Currently, colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the US and it's on the rise in people under the age of 50. But when caught at early stages, colon cancer is survivable in 90% of the people. So screening and early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. And a great one of a kind way to feel more in control of your colon cancer screening is through the Cologuard test. A prescription based test with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. The Cologuard test is the only FDA approved, non-invasive option that looks for both altered DNA and blood in your stool, which can indicate the presence of abnormal cells. This test offers convenience and ease of use and the kit is delivered right to your door. Once you complete the kit is returned to the lab and results are available within two weeks. Plus it's affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and if you do need a colonoscopy as a follow up, most insurance plans cover that as well. So if you're 45 or older and at average risk, ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with the Cologuard test. You can request a Cologuard prescription today at Cologuard dot com slash podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use the Cologuard test if you had adenomas have inflammatory bowel disease or certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopy in high risk patients. Cologuard tests performs in adult age. 45 to 49 is estimated and based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positives and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Oh, Joe Aaron Rogers could reportedly wait until after the draft to make a decision per NFL network. Rogers is reportedly in zero hurry to make a decision. The Giants and Steelers are interested in Rogers and, but he likes the bikes. The weight continues. So is he trying to do the same thing Brett Fab did? It seems he's trying to go in the same footsteps as Brett Fab. Listen, going to the Vikings, You know why he wants to go there. You see what Sam Donald was able to do? Now I'm not saying I'm, I'm not, I'm just, I'm just saying if we can get just a flash. Aaron Rogers doesn't have to be Aaron Rogers the bowl. Not with that kind of talent around him.


Not with, not with them. Just put the ball in the vicinity. Just put in the vicinity. If Sam Donna will do what he did. Well, Addison Hawkinson and Justin Jefferson, what you think Aaron Roger could do? Now you telling me Sam Donna, even though as young as he is, he's better than Aaron Rogers at any age. And I mean, no disrespect to Sam, I mean No, I'm just asking Huh? What you think? Are you saying that there nothing? You saying Sam Donna right now is better than Aaron Rogers? What I will say is this, the worst thing to be, the worst place to be is to want a girl that doesn't want you. Ooh, wait a minute. Oh wait, wait a minute.


Wait a minute. Hold on. It's my goddamn notepad. Hmm. Slow down now. You heard what you say? It's even, it's not even a Sunday. You heard what he said? Come on. The Giants and the Steelers want him. He want the bikes. Mm. Now gimme that quote one more time. Ain't nothing worse than you want a girl, but that girl doesn't want you. You got two options. I got two. Very attractive. Right? Very attractive. Nice. Right? Good girl. Got their head on right? Yeah. Good college degree.


Come from a good come from good family. Yes, sir. Good chunk. God-fearing women. I don't want that. I want, I want, I want the girl. Right. That I know has the boyfriend. Oh Lord. Come on man. But I think, I think I have more to offer her. Right. And see this when this, when you go wrong. Now I'm, I'm a I'm a I'm gonna give you a little context. I'm a I'm, I'm gonna extend it a little further. You not only do you want the girl that has the boyfriend, but just so happen what happens if she leaves the boyfriend for you and now you think because you got more to offer what she did to him.


She ain't gonna do to you because you have more to offer. But one thing about history, if you, You'll lose him. How you found him? Come on, come, come again. You'll lose him how you found them. You know what I'm gonna do, like my grandma used to do in church, I may excuse myself. Well, listen, history repeats itself. Boy, I blew the wheel. It Never lies. It never will. Ooh, hey boy, I'm feeling good, boy. We might be on here four hours a night. I'm feeling good. Well, let me call somebody Who you finna call? I don't know. Matter of thing, Ocho I had this phone in. This thing ain't been on since 2010.


See if, see if the battery work. No, I I know that thing. It don't. But that, that was back in the day. You know, you kept your phone in your front pocket. You know that was a good old thing. Chad. Y'all been with that phone in your front pocket? Lemme see your phone. Uhuh. Hey, that look, I I part of him, You know, that's a, that's a very good supporting cast. A system that he's familiar with is the West Coast system you mentioned.


But who else is in that division? Hey, he don't want no part of that. He don't want no part of that. What team did he play for for almost two decades? What team moved on from him? The very reason that Brett Favre went to Minnesota. Why did he go to Minnesota? Because he wanted to go to the team that said, You know what, we better off without you. Ugh. Aaron's looking at it like, oh, y'all wanna move on. Right. Okay, let Me show you what's up. Two times, two, twice a year. Let me show you why you should have and, and, and, and, and honestly, again, I'll say it again.


The supporting cast in Minnesota as opposed to New York is completely different. And I can see him, even if he's not there, Aaron Rogers of bold, just gimme 50 60% of Aaron Rogers. That ain't good enough. They gonna be hell. But, but I That's what you said. Told that's what you told me when they got him. Hold on. They was nine. I'm talking about in S I'm talking about in Minnesota now. Oh, Joe, I'm, I'm talking about in Minnesota. But when he's lacking and when he's missing on what he used to be to supporting casting, overcome that.


But you told me the Jeff was good enough. All they needed was a quarterback. No, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. They ain't had that. They ain't had that. Now, now the Jet I love, I love me some. Gary Wilson now love me some Gary Wilson. I know what he can do. But we talk about Jetta and we talk about Addison and Hawkinson. Yeah. And then we got that young bull in the ba in in the, in the in in the backfield too. In J. Wait, Jones, Aaron Jones. Aaron Jones, Come on, come on now. That's a whole different ballgame over there. And that's no disrespect. Toree Hall, he, You know, he, he do his thing too. But man, can you imagine My figure at some point in time?


So what, so what are we doing with JJ McCarthy? Oh man. He can, he can sit, he can sit behind. I'm just saying, if things play out the way Aaron Rogers wants 'em to play out, he, he sit, he's sit back one more year. Sit back one more year. And if Aaron Rogers is playing bad, you plug him in. That's it. That's it, that's it for eight. That's It. But he, but, but it seems to me Rogers is looking at the landscape. He's like, hold on. Baker Mayfield, three 400 million Sam Donald, three, 400 million. He is looking at something like that. He ain't looking at for no one year deal. No one year. $20 million deal. And he Ain't finna get no, he ain't finna get no 2, 3, 3 year deal. Man. Please. You know, they ain't finna play that.


Absolutely not. Not with JJ McCarthy coming back. Hey, he's a y'all gay Kirk Cousins that, Well, Kirk, Kirk cousins show up. They, Kirk Cousins history shows that he buys in Kirk Cousins history shows that he's not gonna cause any problems. There's a, there's a difference in Aaron Rodgers as great as he is. I'm just, even, even with the accolades, I I'm just saying Ocho I'm just, I'm just just putting that out there. Right. I like it. I Like it. But if I'm, but if I'm, I'm j Major McCart, I'm like, bro, nah, because here's the thing, Ocho Right.


He since another year now y'all talking about 'cause I don't want after that third year, what do quarterbacks normally get after that third year? Ocho if they play diesel. Oh, they get that bag black. Thank you. Yeah. They get that bag. Now Minnesota gonna be tripping. Say, say, well we only saw you one year. Well that ain't my fault. I ain't got nothing to do with that. I ain't got nothing to do with that. Run me. You're right. So I look, and the thing is, is like he's waiting, waiting. Look, I I at, at, at some point in time, John Steely, y'all need to make a decision. Yeah. You can't be held hostage because he did that for Green Bay for a number of years. Yes. And then Green Bay got tired.


Green Bay look had quarterbacks, I mean, and, and, and they held him hostage for an extended period of time until Green Bay said to LA later, we finna take out organization back, we finna check out organization back. That's, and basically that's what they said. Right? IIII don't know what Joe Steelers and Giants are raid on Rogers. Russell Wilson probably waiting on the Mm. Wait, so what, what, what would you do? You are the, you are the guy, okay. You're the general manager for the Giants Steelers, Minnesota.


What is OCHO doing? Eh, That's a good one. Let me put my GM hat on. What It on? Let me, Let me act like I'm, I'm, I'm Mike Tenenbaum. What's his name? Mike Tanenbaum. Yeah. Mike Tenenbaum. I'm not giving Aaron Rods no time to even think about what he wanna do. You know where I'm gonna go, Where I'm going to get Russell Wilson, I'm going to get Kirk Cousins because I know what I get with them individuals. Right. I understand. I'm getting team players that not are going, that are not going to cause me any issues and no problems understanding that in the draft.


I'm probably going to get quarterbacks that will, I'm hoping are the quarterbacks of the future for my franchise. Gotcha. And that's probably what I'm gonna do, guys that are gonna be all in high character guys, family, men, both married. Yeah. I, I I'm not, I'm not, I'm not waiting on a guy going into year 21. Right. 41, 42 years away. I'm not, I'm not waiting on that. Mm. Tom Brady, I'll wait. His track record speaks for itself. There it is. I ain't waiting on nobody else. You coming? Right.


Okay, fine. Alright, now we gotta look. Okay, let's, let's try to let construct the contract that Russ is amenable to. Yeah. What about Russ in Minnesota? Woo. I like that. I like the sound of That because I, I be, could you see cousins going back to Minnesota? Nah. That, that's a possibility. That's a poss possibility. He know the offense, You know, the system had great, had great, had some great years there. I just, I I mean for the Falcons.


I, we, I had this conversation with you Ocho. I said Ocho the best case scenario. I'm talking about the absolute best case scenario. You get two years. Yeah. Because the first two years a cousin's contract is a hundred million. You get him and then you move on. But Ocho what's, let's just face for the sake of argument, and that's what we do. Occasionally we argue, right. What happens if he only gives you a year? Mm. He didn't even give you a year. He gave you about 12 games. Right. And now look, unfortunately his roster bonus came in, you had to pay 12 million. You still owe him another 40.


Not what you gonna do O Joe, you stuck. Everybody know. Why would I, why would I trade for him? Right. And take on that $40 million contract. Why can't I just wait for you to cut him? Yeah. And do and and, and, and, and do the same thing what Pittsburgh did to Russ. Yeah. I'll give you a minimum event. Minimum contract. Since Atlanta got a full, got a full of $40 million bill, they ain't got nothing to do with me. Right. I'm not taking that contract. The same thing with Cooper Cup. If somebody wants to give Cooper Cup 15 million a year, that's fine. I ain't trading for it. Hey, first of all, I gotta give you draft compensation and compensation. I've got to pick up that contract right? No due, that's a non-starter for me.


So that's where they are on that.


Everything is more expensive now whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt and a Chime credit builder card. This is a secure credit card. With no annual fees. You can build credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus, you'll have access to my pay and get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday purchases and regular on-time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better credit Home loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime Credit Builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Build your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Bang Corp. Bank A or Stride Bank. A SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out-of-network. ATM withdrawals and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details.


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar games since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to Fame smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door so you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop. From heavy hitters like Mackin, Udo Monte Cristo Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap under age sale. Prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the God damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up y'all? I'm AJ Andrews, pro softball player, sports analyst, and the first woman to win a Rawlings gold glove. On my new podcast dropping Diamonds, we dive headfirst into The world of softball by sharing power for stories, insights, and conversations that inspire and empower. Softball is growing fast and I'm gonna help you keep up with the speed of the game and the athletes that play it so well. You may even be able to throw up the fastest slapper if you are an old or new fan. Looking to learn more about your favorite players or coaches and hear about their journeys and processes to success. This podcast is an exciting and invaluable resource for anyone interested in the complexities of excellence on the softball diamond. Softball is a game of failure and pressure situations, but lucky for all the fabulous softball players and fans. Pressure makes diamonds and it's time to drop some bombs and diamonds. On and off the softball diamond dropping diamonds with a j Andrews is an athlete's Unlimit softball league production and partnership with iHeart Women's Sports and deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to dropping diamonds with a j Andrews on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


O Joe. Coach Pride wants his team to be able to face an opponent in this annual spring game instead of an inner squad scrimmage in the future. That's what I'm trying, that's what I'm trying to do right now. To have it competitive. Playing against your own guys. Kind of get monotony. Yeah, you really can't tell the levels of your guy is the same old, same old. Everybody kind of knows each other. Tom said he wants to t like the NFL and have joint practice for a few days near the end of spring practice. Between two teams, between his team and an opponent culminating with a game between the two teams as a spring game instead of a scrimmage. I think the public will be satisfied with that tremendously. I think it's a tremendous idea. Yeah. I like, I like it a lot. I like it a lot. It allows you to also gauge your players.


It allows you to gauge your players on how much they've learned and how disciplined they are playing against another opponent. Because listen, you see each other over and over and over and over and over and over. Spring practice, practice, practice, practice, practice. And you're familiar with the offense. You know the plays, You know what's coming. You sometimes you cheat a little bit, especially defensively they love cheating because they know what's coming based on formation recognition down in distance. But to play against a team that you, you don't know about, you don't know what's going on. Similar, similar to having the game plan, You know, for a team, you plan on a, on a on a Saturday, it's different. It is, it's different. It absolutely, you Got to be honest, you got to play fair.


But Ocho I always practice was harder than the game for me Always. And I looked at it like this era. So let me get this right. A guy that's see me every day that's going to be against me every day, three days a week, training camp, mini camp OTAs. He can't cover me. You think you gonna watch film for three days and bring your ass in? Shut me down. Absolutely not Child. Please help outta here Child, please. Yeah, you Right. I'm cooking with Crico man, please. I like that. I like that one. I like that one. That ain't happening.


Yeah, you see me on tape And you think you gonna come in here and shut me down. Absolutely not. That ain't happening. OCHO Twitter comparing Travis Hunter to OCHO scout m scout d to me hair stylistic receiver comparison I haven't seen yet. Travis Hunter, 6 1 180 5 Ochocinco 6 1 180 8 T 20. Agile, smooth Playmaker. I like that, but I'm six three. I like that though. I don't like how they did my, my, my height. I'm six three and I was 2 0 5 when I played. But I like the comparison. I like the comparison twitchy. He, he is very twitchy. He's very twitchy. He has great footwork, very athletic.


He plays both sides of the ball like I do as well. Again, most of the people in the chat don't even understand at Oregon State. I came in as a db, the DB room was full, so they moved me to receiver. Therefore that's where my, my collision career started as a receiver. Same thing. Bango drafted me as a receiver. I tried to go back to defensive back and Dick Lebo told me no. So that's where my NFL career started. As a receiver. I'm truly a db. So what I'm seeing in Travis Hunter is what I used to look like in high school. A lot of people ain't know that I played both sides of the ball. They Say you ain't know that.


Yeah, I ain't know. Yeah. Yeah. That, that too. But I understand. Listen, I I love the comparison. I love the comparison. He's a phenomenal talent boy. And, and the the one thing, the one thing that Travis Hunter has that you need is not only confidence but belief that I can do it. And with them two things there anything is possible. Anything is possible. Yeah. Tcho, check this out. Ball and backfires, dude. Allegedly pur purchased over $1 million worth of exotic animals to be transferred to Florida. Right. And then got denied by customs. And the CDC as you can see on the screen, we got it on the screen.


Ash, he brought one African lion male, 378,000. He brought one African lion female, 260,000. He brought, purchased one Asian tiger female, $400,000. He purchased one adolescent black bear, female, $150,000 for a grand total of 1.18, 8 million, 1,188,000. Man. Who, who, who, who, who was who, who was fool. I say my grandma always say a fool. A fool. And they money sell sells soon. Soon. Part ways. And this is part of it now, You know, you can't have them, you can't domesticate them animals.


You not a part of no circus. You probably don't have a license to have them animals anyway. You don't have the permits. I I don't even know what you need to have those kind of animals just randomly if you're not part of the circus or they're not just, I, who, who knows. That's, that's really my Miami credit goat. His name is Miami. Credit goat. Exotic animals run me my bread back And I listen, dude, come on man. You just wasted a million dollars. You know, goodwill. You know, Goodwill. Them animals wasn't getting through customs, man. Yeah. That Why they trying to sneak that stuff.


People be trying to sneak monkeys and snakes and turtles and, and stuff that, You know, they know they not supposed to have. How You gonna sneak a lion in a bear way from Come on, stop playing, stop playing. I mean, when you got, when you get, see when you got that kind of money Ocho And you don't give a f you do crazy stuff like this. Yeah. Yeah. Now if you say, Hey Shannon, we got a couple of many goats, many cattle. Yeah. Many People can see that. Yeah. But I don't want those. What I'm gonna do with a lion, a lion will take down a a thousand pound Cape Buffalo What? A what? A hundred pound.


200. A 200 pound man gonna do to a lion. Listen. A tiger, listen. Look what they take down. I what what you Will Do with that. Listen. Even, even if you try to domesticate him at some point, You know what comes back into play? Instinct. Your instincts is predatory instincts. Instinct. Instinct never goes anywhere. It never goes. I don't care how much you feed him, I don't care how much you pet him. I don't care how much love you show. Well, something like that. Wow. Animal man. Please. I Don't know. Look, I I I, I've been up close. I've been to the zoo, but I've been close to that, to the zoo. I went to Sfri and Roy rest their soul. Yeah. And I was sitting on the end. I took my mom, I took my brother, my sister, my pops.


Yeah. My brother's wife Ocho during the show, SFRI and Roy. The Adam was, before they start the show, come down the aisle, all the white tigers and lions, they got Ocho. They are huge. Yes. And tigers are bigger than lions. Yes. But I'm really, I can just touch, I can stick my hands out and touch 'em if I wanted to. But that ain't what I did. I sold my hands to make sure my hands ain't get twitchy. Oh. And after we did that, it was like a month later, Monico, which was their prize lion. Right. He attacked Ro Roy. Roy. Damn.


See? See what I mean? Oh nah. I don't want no big ed. 400 a lion probably weigh about, I can't just imagine a cat weighing like 300, 400 pounds. Yeah. I don't Imagine tigers weigh like five hundreds, Six. Nah, Hell no. The funny thing about it, we just talk about, You know, being twitchy. Do you understand how quick and fast and agile just having a domesticated, just regular cat is now add that times 20 with a damn lion. Look what a lion can take down. Lion take down a cape Buffalo. Man, I ain't got time.


A-A-A-E-A zebra. I ain't got time. Wilder Bees. Y'all can have that. All of it. Oh Joe. Most Americans spend their paychecks before money hits the bank account. A new survey finds that the average American mentally spends over half of their paycheck before it even arrives. The survey of 2000 workers earning under 75,000 revealed 59% preplanned expenses with 51% of their pay already allocated overdue bills. 38% mismatched living costs. 44% contributed to the trend rent or mortgage.


56%. Necessities 51%. And utilities, 38% take priority once the paycheck arrives. The study also finds that 43% of a paycheck is spent within the first three days of receiving it. Yeah. That, that it happens. Listen, listen. And then it is just not our people uncle. It's just not our people. That is an ongoing thing that's been going on for a very long time. And some people will say, well, we have no choice. We have no choice because we don't make enough. So therefore we have to overthink and overspend before we even get our check. That's why it's going. When people get their check, most of it's going to bills right away.


Yeah. And so you write, you write back in the hole working again just to pay for the next cycle of bills of Sandel. Yeah. And once you get behind, ain't no catching up, boy, It's, it is hell to catch up. It ain't no, ain't no catching up. Yeah. Yeah. Oh Joe, I just read, I read a sur I read a study that said people's making $200,000 a year field that living paycheck to paycheck. So what if somebody making 200,000 Yeah. Feel their living paycheck to paycheck. What the hell you think somebody that's making 75,000. Right? Yeah. I I could imagine. I could imagine. And it, listen, there's only, there's only, there's only so many, so much downside you could do. You can only, you can be a, you can only be a, a minimalist to a certain extent.


You know, you still have to be able to live comfortably and it's just You, you surviving. You're not li you you're not living. Yeah. You survive. Yeah. You surviving. Yeah. Yeah. There's a diff there's a difference between the two. Trust me. As someone that survived. Right. Oh, minimal money. Right? Yeah. And You know, you, you, hey, well I'll pay this this month. Well, okay, I'll pay that next month. Hope they don't cut that well, they Hey flu. Damn you come on and flip the lights. Right. They got us. You come home, ain't no gas Right. Woo-hoo. Come home phone. Damn. Alright.


So I, Hey I, hey. I know, I know what it's like. Yeah. Alright Don Joe, it's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. Damn. I felt feel good tonight. Boy. Damn. A MN working boy. Le Cedric G is their college football game with more talent than the 2019 LSU battle game. Joe Burrow number one overall Chase top five pick Jetta. First round pick Stingley top five. I think Stingley was the top five pick, wasn't he? Top 10? Pick two of top five. Pick Waddle, top five pick rugs. Top 15 pick Devonte.


Top 10 pick Judy. Top pick. Top 15. Pick mink offense. Patrick, NA G Harris. Hmm. There had some talent out there. Yeah. Not to mention the offensive line, don't you Also on that was Clyde, Edward, Edward a layer. He was a running back. They were loaded. Super, super duper loaded. Patrick Queen, if I'm not mistaken, was a linebacker. They, they had some talent out there. King Payne Say what offseason draft moves do the Ravens need to make to win this year?


We have 11 picks in the draft. In the draft. Two are in the fourth round and four in the, okay. Two are in the fourth round. Four in the sixth round. Should we trade up for Travis? You ain't getting Travis. They got mortgage and all that trade for Vet Db Love what you think. What do Ravens need to do? Ocho Ravens, they got 11 picks in the draft. Two in the fourth and four and in the fourth round and fourth in the sixth round. Listen, I'm, I'm not, I'm not about improving the Ravens at, at all, but just, just for just for listen, just for conversational purposes. What could the Ravens do? Just Be consistent.


Yeah. Be can listen. They got Kyle. We need the Raven. We need that Ravens team Ocho that Lamar Jackson looks ungodly in the regular season. Right. We just need that guy to show up one time when in a championship game. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. Tell, tell me the time. Chad and I love Baltimore. Raven, y'all showed up. Tell me the time in the championship game that he showed up. Because think about it. He only had what? He had less than five turnovers. He had less than five interceptions All season. Yeah. All season alone. So he just need, he just needs to be Lamar Jackson. Yeah. That guy that can go into the phone booth. He goes in his Clark Kent and comes outta his Superman every time.


They just need to have that guy what it matters the most. That's it. They don't even look, they win these games. That mean they win 12 games. They'd be number one C. They just need to be that. That's it. Yeah. Obviously you gonna try to improve. Maybe you get some depth. That wide receiver IC they lost one of the dbs. Yeah. So you probably gonna have to bring a DV in two of the safeties, if I'm not mistaken. Moved on. So yeah, obviously. But this comes down to Lamar. Yeah. Lamar just, Lamar needs to be that super, that superhero that we see in weeks one through 18. That's what he need to be. That's it.


King Govan Ocho the only thing Cincinnati running is putting chili in their spaghetti. I like to tell my family who lived there, let that Super Bowl run. Go. Y'all haven't done nothing since. Bear down. Listen, I love you. I love you. I'm, listen, I'm, I'm happy that you're a Raven supporter. Other than that, this is the new year. This is the new year and you're probably living off the pass. Which, which, which you, you, you're, you're a prisoner of the moment. I'm telling you ahead of time. And I'm, I'm rarely wrong. Especially when it comes to football and knowing how the season will go. I, I have the script. I I'm, I shouldn't even be saying this, but I got the script.


You got the Script? Yeah, I got the script. And I'm telling you a FC north is coming through Cincinnati. All right. Now if you got, if you in, if you in Baltimore, I come and sit with you at m and t Bank Stadium and watch the game when y'all, when we play the Bengals. Okay. And I sit there with you and, and, and, and, and help you warm. We whoop your ass. Pause Chris Curry Bengal's history equal paying 520 million for three guys with no defense in sight. Go Ravens. Hey, we got a defense. Okay? And you gonna see it this year. Every team has to have an identity. Okay? Our identity is on offense and we'll do what we need to do defensively.


We got a new defensive coordinator in. Okay? Yeah. This ain't, this ain't with you. This ain't, this ain't last year. This ain't 2024. So you get together now all you Ravening fans that's mouthing off tonight. What you don't wanna do is piss me off. 'cause if I get pissed off, it ain't gonna be pretty, But hell you go do Kareem Abdul. He could have a heart, he could have a harp, a tarp. My name is Sharp Liga of five nigga. Five Micha Hunter moderating Nightcap while sitting on his lap.


I drink water from a tap li of five league five. Dr. Frankie Bella Knickknack Paddy wh punks cognac In Five, five na roast sparks bubble sparks ring the doorbell. I is going bark leg in five. Vian chemy. I just got my na cap Beanie and it's soft and warm and beautiful. Thank you Vivian, for your support. Sarah p up. What's your favorite? Who's your favorite? Zeke Pistons. Highlight Ocho. What's your favorite Megatron highlight, man.


Ooh, what's that? When Zeke was coming up, the, what was it? Was he coming up before we saw Kyrie and Rod Strickland, nobody could handle the ball like Zeke. Yeah, because Zeke could pat that thing too. I mean, Zeke be coming out there sitting that thing back behind him, behind his leg. Man, people don't realize how good Isaiah Thomas was. People don't realize that Led, led Indiana to the national championship as a sophomore in 81. Goes into the NBA boom. Puts it work. Zeke man, I I, I love Zeke. As a matter of fact, I called Zeke the other day. He gonna come on. Yeah.


Yeah. We gonna get Zeke to come on when he play to play with the playoffs star. We gonna go because I gotta save him. I gotta save.


My favorite famous smoke shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door so you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop. From heavy hitters like Mackin, Yuto Monte Cristo Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with Jay Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heists tragedy, a trial of the century and the God damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I Mean, Brendan, it was divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up y'all? I'm AJ Andrews, pro softball player, sports analyst, and the first woman to win a Rawlings gold glove. On my new podcast Dropping Diamonds, we dive headfirst into The world of softball by sharing power for stories, insights, and conversations that inspire and empower. Softball is growing fast and I'm gonna help you keep up with the speed of the game and the athletes that play it so well. You may even be able to throw out the fastest slapper if you are an old or new fan. Looking to learn more about your favorite players or coaches and hear about their journeys and processes to success. This podcast is an exciting and invaluable resource for anyone interested in the complexities of excellence on the softball diamond. Softball is a game of failure and pressure situations, but lucky for all the fabulous softball players and fans. Pressure makes diamonds and it's time to drop some bombs and diamonds. On and off the softball diamond dropping diamonds with AJ Andrews is an athlete's softball league production and partnership with iHeart Women's Sports and deep blue sports and Entertainment. Listen to Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPG to winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to say all my Miss America by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Tis. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap, tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira and iHeart Women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, my my favorite. My favorite I think was it, was it the Bengals? No, it was, yeah, what he called. We jumped over three people and called that touchdown we about the Cowboys. No, he did all the y'all too. Yeah, don't, don't put that on the Cowboys. Y'all too. He went for 3 29 against the Cowboys. Oh, he's special boy, I thought he gonna get flip that day 'cause flip got 3 39. Three nine. Yeah. 15 for 3 39 against the The Saints. Yeah, that was game I made with Flip too. That was my guy. Flip my guy. Hey Brian Bow said say Uncle, don't you love the show. That being said, I need y'all to make a visit to my gym in New York. Bell Francis Powerhouse and Sa Erset.


I guess how they said the Mecca, we have signed photos of UNC on the wall. We gotta get Ocho. Wait, I know Bev, I knew her ex Steve. Steve and I just saw him at the, at the, the Olympia. Steve used to come down the road, man in Atlanta, train with us. So I know Steve, I know a lot of the judge. I I know most of the judges. Not all of 'em. Jim, Jim, I know the son. I I know a lot of them because I used to be thinking about it, but I used to go to all the shows, You know, they always took care of me, You know, surprised that I would show up. I'd be backstage talking to the guys. That's how I met Ronnie, Ronnie, Chris Cor, flex Sean, Ray Nasser, Paul Rich Japa, You know all those guys.


Lee Priest. I just ball the goats every there and say, oh look like a ball flavor. Fla damn Ocho. Who you talking about? Me? Yeah. I mean, I look like a bald flavoring fla. What? Boy, I listen, I are they trying to say what's wrong with looking like Flavor Flav? I mean, what are you, what are you trying to say? What are you trying to insinuate? What are you getting at? Nah, My boy don't wear no flavor play. Okay. Okay dude, he, he act like I, I'm a 2007 sexiest man alive. So I'm trying to understand what you trying to get at, You know? Yeah. Stop playing Connor with a K. Hey Uncle Ocho love the show. Y'all get me through the workday as a Viking fan.


I wonder if you guys had any John Randall story. John, I don't think nobody talked more than Johnny. Shit, That joke ain't shut up. Ocho. Yeah, He was a trip boy. John was Trip. What? He was funny. He was funny, but he were funny and dead serious at the same time. Dead. Dead serious. I mean, undersized got the undrafted free agent. Yeah. Got it out the, the got the Camp, Got it out the mud. Hey, he had very, very similar upbringing is what we had. Go look at his story. Yeah. And see how they grew up. J 2 1 3 said, Hey Uncle Ocho, hope you guys bless for your mile.


Rushmore. Four people for athletes who in their career potentially robbed by injury, Sterling and Greg Hill. Gotta be on there. Who you got? Ojo. Michael Irvin, Bo Jackson. Mike Michael Irvin, Bo Jackson is one of 'em. Peter Warwick. Peter Warwick. Knee, knee injury to me, to me still and I, I I will die on this hill. The greatest collegiate receiver of all time. I know Randy Moss's. Good. I understand. I understand. What did I know what Larry Fitzgerald did? I understand that. You know Crabtree, I understand what Crab, the only man who went back to went to Biletnikoff. Yeah, I, I understand what he did. Wilson a young boy from West Virginia. Name the real deal.


Kon Austin. K Tevon Austin probably got the greatest highlight tape of all time. High school and college was something about Peter mf Warwick p do. If you watch the film, you'll understand. You'll understand man. Yeah. Reggie Bush was exciting, but Reggie Bush is easy for a running back to get, You know, you hand the ball off to him and he does what he does. It is different. When you got somebody that's like Ray g Bush at the receiver position where when the ball is coming its way you hold your breath 'cause you don't know what the hell finna happen. True man. You had to be there.


I would put Bo Jackson. I would put Brandon Roy. Yeah. Obviously I'm put my brother Grant Hill because man, before Grant had that ankle injury, You were nasty boy. Woo. He was that in in them. And then laws. Yeah, Laws. Kareem Abdul said was ba was Richard Basil Shannon's best quarterback man, I wish I had basil. If I'd have had basil, if I'd have had basil my sophomore year. Well look, I had him for two years.


The thing was that Coach Davis, our coach rest your soul coach is that we got Lead coach would take you outta the game. So there was a game I saw my senior ocho I had, I had six catches for a buck 50 in the first quarter and didn't play no more. Damn. But Coach said he and I say, coach, come on coach. I said, coach, I'm trying to, You know, I want to scout to see what I can do. He said, son, if I put you back in the game And you get hurt, I'll never forgive myself. Okay, I understand. I understand that from that standpoint. I understand. I wouldn't understand because I'm trying, if I got one 50 in the first quarter, how many am I going for Hoho? Two. At Least one 50 a tub and two tubs. At least three.


Yes. Oh, I So who that, who that? Somebody said who that Grant Hill Penny Hardaway. And what would To Penny Man Penny needs gave out on him. Ah yeah, penny. Penny was like that. Chris said, what's linebacker safety cover? You the best at what corner for you? O Joe Also, Nick Chu broke his foot too late last season in a game. Do y'all think he could still make an impact? Safety linebacker wasn't no linebacker. The person that covered me the best was Albert Lewis. Albert Lewis made me force me to become a Hall of Fame player because I wanted to beat that Joker so bad. He was in Kansas City.


Yeah, he was in Kansas City and then he went to the Raiders. So I had to deal with that joker twice a year. And I felt if I could beat him, I could beat anybody. Anybody? Yes sir. Who was it for you Ocho For me. I obviously was me. Rivas. Yeah. That two, that two this, that 2009 season was, was, was remarkable by Annie db. We probably would never see a, a DV have a season like that against Hall of Fame receivers and do what he did humbly. I think he kept everybody under 50 yards, if I'm not mistaken. You think so? Kept everybody under 50 Fing yards, the entirety of the season. Andre Johnson, Steve Smith, Calvin Johnson, Randy Moss, myself, somebody else. You, you gotta look at the list and what he's doing.


And there's some other, there's some other players that have had great games against me obviously. 'cause they played in our division. Salute Ike Taylor. Love the Battles boy, I love you, boy. I ain't seen you in a minute, Lee Barden. I'm trying, I'm trying to think who else, You know, in the division because they, you, we saw each other so often and so much, You know, they understood our tendencies. They, they knew my moves. They knew, they knew the game plan. So it, it, it is kind of different. But, You know, they gave me hell man, Ike Taylor gave me hell boy, Jesus Christ and Lee Barton. They gave me hell. And that's, I mean, outside of that, when it, when it came to playing outside the division, man, it wa it wasn't it, it was cookies and I mean, I mean, no disrespect, it was, it was cookies.


Tim's bid, BYDI guess that's Tim's the river. Tim's Hey uncle, don't you, I want to give you a shout. I want, I want to give a shout out to my baby girl, Leah, Leah on her 10th birthday and let her know her dad loves her very much. Leah, your dad loves you very much. His name is Tims, I think that's how you say it. T-H-A-M-E-S like the river. So we're gonna go with that. So happy birthday, Leah. I guess that's where, You know, the people got these, these funny spellings of the name. But happy 10th birthday. Hopefully you enjoyed your day.


Hopefully your daddy took you somewhere special. Got some ice cream, got a new outfit. But happy birthday. Thank you guys for supporting Nightcap and Ocho edition.


That concludes this edition of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network. Today.


I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharp. That's ocho You know the bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the pro bowler, the all pro, the Liberty City legend as my cohost. Please make sure you hit that like button, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. And guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every podcast subscriber counts. We thank you for your continued and loyal support. Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. I wanna thank Atlanta for showing up again. Kanye Jacks beer, wine and Spirits Towers, beer, wine and Spirits. Thank you guys. Atlanta, thank you Kanye for showing up for your boy supporting Shea by La Poitier. Now if you cannot find it any city or state near you, order it.


We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe out there. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms, Shesha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything is restocked. The link is pin at the top of the chat. Suppliers are limited. Once they're gone, they're gone. So please get yours while supplies last. We wanna thank Keon Coleman for joining us False and prayers. Go up to Tracy, Tracy Morgan. Hopefully everything turns out okay. He had a, an illness at Madison Square Garden. He was taken out on a, in a wheelchair taken to a local hospital for further evaluation. So our thoughts and prayers go up to him.


Thank you guys for joining us again for Nightcap. I'm Unc, he's Ocho. We'll see you on Wednesday A and before y'all leave, y'all give Jane Harris a message for me. You're done Bucko. The Volume


Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humid door and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever You get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind, and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night, and after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.