
John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? Ad Nan RK here to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deur here, and after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week we'll get together to chat with the sport that we love, Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let tablet Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers and the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirrorball Trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music, and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skidder and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did The Volume NFL playoffs.


We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at DraftKings. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sports Book. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers To get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at Draftking. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Congratulations is in order for the Buckeyes of Ohio State with a convincing 34 23 victory over the fighting Irish. Irish. Tried to put up a fight late, but the Buckeyes was just too much early and in between. And they win the 2025 National Championship. 34 to 23. Thank you for joining us. I'm your favorite on Shannon Sharp Liberty City legend bingo Ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And while you're at it, tell a family friend a loved one to do likewise.


Make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you again for joining us. We know it's late here on the East Coast, but you've been so supportive for to us for the last year and a half and we greatly, greatly appreciate that. Yes. Make sure you check out Shade by La Portier. We have it in stock in Ohio. We have it in Ohio. And guess what? Since you won, you won a national championship. I can't think of a better way for you to celebrate them with a bottle of Shea by La Porter. Buckeye fans across the country. If it's not in a city or a state near you, order it and we'll ship it directly to your door So you can get in on the celebration. Please, please drink responsibly.


Go check out my media company on all of its paid, on all of its platforms that she, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We just had our newest release drop last month. T-shirts, sweats, hood beanies, coozies and mugs. Quantities are limited, so please make sure you grab yours. Wild supplies. Last tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. Our first bring a tour stop. Yay. The tickets are on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. The VIP meet and greet. Tickets are sold out, but there's still many other tickets left to attend the big show, which will be held February the sixth in New Orleans at the Mahalia Jackson Theater.


We've got some big guests coming through. You don't wanna miss it. Both Nightcap and Club Shehe were nominated for NAACP Image Awards. Nightcap was nominated for outstanding podcasts in the Art Sports Entertainment Club. That's up. That's US Club Shaha was nominated for outstanding Podcast Society and Culture. Please go vote for your two favorite guys, Unc and ocho. The link is pending at our social bios. We have a very special guest joining us tonight is the husband of the gentle, the gentleman that was profiled, we showed you the video last night. He was kind enough to join us and so he's gonna tell his side of the story, what was going through his mind, what was he thinking and the ramification, because this incident happened in November and so he's gonna be able to walk us through step by step as he recall it.


So thank him for joining us. But that's gonna be after Ocho and I discussed the game. Yeah, Ocho, the Buckeyes take down the fighting Irish to win the 90. The Buckeyes beat the fighting Irish 34 23 to win the inaugural 12 team college football playoff is their first national championship since they won't They won the first one, didn't they? Yeah, they won the first one, the 14 playoff in 2014. And so history repeated itself. They won't, the inaugural this one. Total yards. Ohio State, 4 45 Notre Dame, 2 91, total Rush yards. Ohio State, two 14 Notre Dame, 53 passing yards. Will Howard was 17 of 21, 2 31, 2 touchdowns.


No interception. Riley Leonard was 20 or 32, 38. Two touchdowns. No interceptions. Ryan Day now has as many national titles in Ohio State as during Rele and Urban Meyer. 45-year-old day is now 70 and 10. And I think he has the third best winning percentage of somebody in the first minimum of 50 games. First 50 games. He's done that. So he's had an impressive run. And now after all those wins and all those guys that he sent to the NFL. Yeah. Guess what? He has the title. He finally had one. Oh, Joe. Yeah. Watching this game, I saw you tweet like, Hey, can we start Nightcap early? Yeah. I What, what were you thinking? I mean, you saw the, I mean, Notre Dame go right down the field.


Ocho they take 10 minutes off the clock and they get, and they get a touchdown. So now you're like, okay, we might have a ball game. Well, Listen, I I, I thought we were gonna have a ball game, but I had to think about, obviously there were no adjustments that were able to be made by Ohio State. The game on both sides of the ball. Nobody had settled in yet. Nobody had settled in yet. So it's the first drive normally, you know, when it come, when it come to a NFL game, a college game, even a high school game, most of the time, the first drive at the game, you go down to score. If, if you're a good team, if you're a decent team, go down the score and then adjustments are made going into the second drive and outside of that, and then actual football game happens itself.


It looked like to me at the point I sent the tweet out, it looked like I'm not gonna, Notre Dame has been good all year. They, they, they lost one game. They've been good all year, but it just looked like they didn't belong. It looked like they were, they, they were overmatched. They were overmatched as most people would say. If you were a gambler man and you, and you were the bet on a team to win this game based on what they did throughout the entire season and based on the skill sets at the different positions and who had the upper hand, you would've bet with, with Ohio State. And it showed up tonight. They put enough space in between them when Notre Dame got the ball rolling where they didn't have enough time to come back. You Yeah, I thought they got kind of got conservative also. They just started just running the football, trying to run the clock out and they got away from the offense and they allowed Notre Dame to gain some momentum.


Right. Oh, Notre Dame did a good job of punching the ball out from the receiver. He picked up 24 yards and the guy came from behind him and punched the football out. But I thought like, look, the strong suit of Notre Dame is their defense. The strong suit of Ohio State is their offense. Now could Notre Dame's offense do enough damage to Ohio State's defense? That was the top. And I didn't think that, you know, once it got, I thought for me, once the guy score got 14, 17, I remember calling my sister like, it's over. Yeah. She's like, you just bored. I say, but nah. I said, but you look, look at them how they're just moving the ball down the field with little to no resistance Willingly. So I was like, yeah, it's over. The next thing you know it's 21 7. It's 28 7.


Yeah. And I thought it was about to be really be over ocho. I thought it was about to go to 35 to seven. They end up kicking what? Kicking a field goal. Field goal. And Ohio State gets some momentum when they, when they got the, the fumble. But Ohio State was the superior team. Yeah. I always felt that if they played their best when, when the college, when the format was the 12 teams that were, you know, was gonna play for the national championship. That's right. I was like, if Ohio State plays their best, they're the best team in football because they got an offense that can with superior athletes and they played $20 million for a roster. Yeah. It was just a matter where they gonna play their best on a given day because we've seen them struggle. You know, that this is the team that was what, three touchdown favorite lose that home to Michigan.


Yeah. And so if they played their best, I didn't think any team could beat 'em. Now there are teams that have, okay, got a really good defense. Soso offense, really good offense, Soso defense. Right. I thought Texas was probably the closest thing to 'em. And we saw Texas take em down to the wire than they get that strip sack and then put some distance between them. But Ohio State, congratulations to Ryan Day. I mean he caused a lot of criticism and I think, and I think it was warranted. And then people don't want, like, just look at it like he won the national championship, but he's underachieved Yeah. With the players that he had on that roster. Yes sir. Those receivers that he sent to the NFL, those D linemen, those dbs, those offensive linemen. And now this is his first title. Can't take that away from him.


He has it. You can, you can't take it away from him now. And you, you talk about all the players. He's had all the players that have gone into the draft. First round picks, second round picks. But, but you also have to remember the teams that he lost. So to lost to he that the teams that he's lost to, you know, throughout those years, they also had first round picks. You know, they, they also Yeah, but they, they have Marvin Harrison Jr. And Jackson Smith and Jig and o Lava and, and, and, and and j Who is that? What's the Garrett Wilson and Denzel Ward. And, and and what's the other, what's the other guy name? You, you, you see, you, you see what you're doing too is you naming, you naming players that played for Ohio State. Some of them, some of 'em not at the same time.


Some of 'em did play together, but also the team that they played that they lost to, they played well together as a team. Now, I can't call out all the names of the players that played on the teams that they lost to in the past Yes. Was catching some of the flack that he had. Yes. But right through the team that they did lose to. They, they, these weren't No, no slouches now, no. They, they were losing to some boys Back to back. National championship, national Champions and the Big 10. Yes, sir. Michigan last year, this year. Ohio State. Yes, sir. Ohio. I mean, the Big 10 is feeling really good now. Like, okay, what's up? SEC Well, what's, what, what's, what's, what's really, what's good, right. What, what's really, really, really happening. But I mean, I, when you just look at a mocho, they, I mean the athletes that they got at the skill position, you know, the running backs, the wide receivers, you know, hey, Jeremiah Smith is gonna be a first gonna be a top pick, just like Marvin Harrison, Jr.


Just like all these other guy, all the other receivers that they've had. O Lave and Garrett Wilson and, and Jackson Smith and Jig. Go ahead. I have a question. Yes. As, as as polished. As polished as Jeremiah Smith is as NFL ready as he looks, how soon can he come out in the draft? He's a freshman. He can't come out until after his junior year. Oh, so so it's in junior no matter what. No matter what. Okay. No matter what. Think about this. Look at how he looked this year as a freshman. Imagine an improvement that's gonna happen in the off season and how you gonna look at the sophomore? I wouldn't be surprised unless a quarterback comes outta nowhere.


Maybe a Archie Manny would be the only one. Archie Manny is the only one I see rivaling him or giving him competition for that number one pick. Unless there's somebody else chat maybe in the chat that you might know that that's gonna come along that, that I don't know about. Obviously that's gonna be good enough to challenge Jeremiah Smith for that number one pick in what, 2027 to 2028. Yeah, But here's the thing though. O Joe Absolutely. Theoretically Archie Manny can come out next year. This would be his junior year. Wait, yeah, remember he's a sophomore. Ah, he's a sophomore. That's Right. So he, this would be his rising junior year. Okay. Okay. So Theoretically he could come out after this year. I'm not saying that he would, his uncle stayed all four years.


Right. And you know, obviously money is not the issue. No. And the thing is for a lot of these guys are looking at it, the quicker I can come out, the quicker I can get to that second contract that that's gonna be now $300 million. Yeah. But you also have to be careful, especially as a quarterback musician, I know you're manning, but are you ready? Are you ready to be able to play at the next level? Have you been, have you been po I like, I like using the word polish because you can tell at, at the collegiate level when a player is polished enough and already ready for the N-F-L-N-F-L level. Now for Archie Manning, if you do come out early, you have to understand you're going to a team that's bad is the situation. Right. The team that happened to be picking first or second bigger Pull a power move are, Are you going to a situation that that that suits you, you know, where, where you can be Okay that has somewhat of a support cast where you can, where you can succeed.


Even, even so many factors come into play At that point in time. Ocho, it doesn't matter if you're ready, somebody's about to ha somebody's about to hand you $50 million in 40 and all of it's gonna be fully guaranteed. And now you are one step closer to 300 million. That's what guys are looking at ocho. Right. Because the law, all you do is kick the can down the road until you get to that big payday. I'm, because quarterbacks, they're redoing their deal after that third year. Yeah. Everybody else nor normally waits till after the fourth year. But you gotta think about something, huh? Quarterbacks that are in, in, in very good situations do their deals after the third year. Like a CJ Shroud. Yeah. Like a J But look what happened to a Trey Lands who also went early, you know?


Yes. Kicking back came down the road and look, you went to a situation that wasn't suitable for you long term and now you are the back of the third string. But the cowboys, He got beat out. What you mean? It wasn't for they fo Brock Purdy beat him out. I mean he, look, he got ocho You mean to tell me you actually think somebody will trade what they traded two first rounders a second and a third and want a seventh round Mr. Irrelevant to take his spot. Yeah. Just imagine what would've happened if they don't take Brock Purdy. Right. And Trey Lance is their quarterback. Kyle Shanahan and John Lynch would get fired. He saved their job.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you can't, you can't On that draft Ocho you can't trade all that draft capital. Right. Because if he doesn't pan out, you stuck. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. How do you rebuild if you've given away all your draft capital? That capital ar I have a question. Yes. Do you think he moved too fast? Was he really that bad? Just think about it. If you, if if you remember, was he that bad? Maybe Purdy was that good Uhuh No disrespect to Purdy. Yeah. Look, look, look at, look what's surrounding him, Mon, come on now. Come On. And guess what Trey land has had that surrounding him and he couldn't make it work like that. Yeah.


Okay. I'm just curious. We off topic. We Off topic. I'm sorry. Oh, Joe, I could give you the same ingredients that I give that I give Bobby Fla, I give Gordon Ramsey, I give, I give one of these top not shelf. It don't matter. You can't make it work like they make it work. Right. Right, right, right. The perfect with the per purdy was a benefit fit. Purdy Purdy was a benefit fit. I don't think he was a better, I don't think he's a better quarterback. I don't know if that makes sense. I don't know if that makes sense to you because listen, if if Oak and what we, what we saw from Fields, I'm, I'm, I'm talking about Justin Fields, what we, what we saw from Trey Lance, right? The small, very, very, very small sample size where Jerry Jones pulled that, you know what bull crap, he looked great, he looked good, he looked decent, he looked like a quarterback that can be at the helm and be a, be a leader of men.


So I'm like, I'm thinking to myself, well damn if you run an offense like this and it ain't that add, what was the prophecy down there in San Francisco? I, I don't know. Ojo. I mean, like I said, I just, I think the thing is like, you know, when you give up that kinda capital for a guy Yeah. You want him to succeed. Yeah. Because it makes you look bad. The reason, the only reason we're not talking about how big a mistake that was is because Brock Purdy has played so well. Yeah. He's got him in two NFC championship game. Right. He's taken him to the Super Bowl. So we forget what a colossal mistake drafting him. Right. And trading all that capital to get him was right. 'cause had it not been for that, I'm not so sure they survived that.


I don't know if a team can, can can survive you give up that much. Because think about it, to move up, you gave them the, the next year's first round pick you gave a second round pick. A third round pick. That's your future a Lot. Yeah. And So you are hoping, oh, we give that up. So what we gonna be picking in the late twenties? Maybe even 30, 30, 31, 32. 'cause we run, made a deep playoff run. But lo and behold, guess what? You give up that pick and look where you are. And so yeah, it, it was really tough. And I think, you know, I think Bro Purdy really saved John Lynching and Kyle Shanahan's career in San Francisco. Because if you don't, if you, if that doesn't pan out with Trey Lance, where, where do you go from there?


Yeah, It's still tough. It's tough but it's gonna be, it's gonna be very interesting to see how the 49 ERs play this thing out Ocho because Mark Purdy's gonna want 50 million. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, No, no. I'm just gonna tell you what he want. I'm not saying they gonna have to do something. It ain't about what he want. Now if they gonna do something he can get, he can get like what Sam Donald probably gonna get in Minnesota. I doubt they, I doubt. I doubt they, Sam don't never went to a NFC championship game. Sam, Donna never went to a play, went to a Super Bowl. I know guys that have gotten 50 million and ain't never been to a Super Bowl.


We all have experience praying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress. E free overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by bankcorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Boost our available to eligible Chime members enrolled at spamy and are subject to monthly limits timing depends on submission of payment, file fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondents and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays. On Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, Ken Saquon, Barkley even break the rushing record. Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason run.


I think he'll probably get somewhat of a Baker Mayfield type deal. Nah, he gonna get more than Baker. You Have to understand the success on why Brockport, he's been able to do what he, what he's done so far to date. Oh, I do the supporting cast. Look what he has around iu. I do. Jim Williams, Christian McCaffrey, Jordan Mason, Devo, Samuels per, I mean like we come on. They, I mean even management. Even management knows. I know when you talk today and you can't be disrespectful, you have to understand can Brock Purdy go somewhere else and elevate the team around him and elevate the players around him? Or does he have to have players that are good to elevate his player? There's a difference. There are a lot of quarter there.


There are not, there are not a lot of quarterbacks that are, are forced multipliers that they can elevate everybody else. You believe Sam Donna can go somewhere else and elevate somebody? No, because they would've done it in Carolina, New York. Okay then. So look what happens when you put 'em around Jetti, you know, and, and Addison. Jordan. Addison. Well you see what you get. Obviously they, they fold, they fold it in the playoffs. But that's what happen. You have a great support in cast around and that can be management's argument. That can be the GM's argument and the agent and the quarterback has to be realistic. Where else can you go and play the way you've played with us outside of this past season? Right. Nowhere. Look how you played when everybody got hurt. True.


But back to this, this Ohio state. Ohio State, definitely Ryan Day definitely gets the monkey off his back. Ocho now we'll see. Can you string some together? It's gonna be, it's it's, it's much more difficult now OCHO to win because you got 12 teams and you know, one game and it's over. You know, they started out against what hit the Indiana and then I think, no. Yeah, I think they started out with Indiana and then it'd be Oregon, then it'd be Texas. So instead of winning two games, now you gotta win four. You gotta win four games. Yeah. And, and but I think the thing is it's a lot Eat. Guess what? When you win alumni and boosters, they wanna pour money because they like that feeling.


They like the, they like getting the gear OCHO with 2025 national champs. Yeah. That's what they like. And it says, okay, this is what it's gonna take in order for us to stay up here because other teams, they're gonna try to regroup. Georgia's like Uhuh, I, I don't like this feeling. You know, your Alabama's your Texas, you know, I think, if I'm not mistaken, I think Sark signed a new seven year deal. Yeah. These teams, you know, everybody is looking to come back. It's gonna be interesting to see how Notre Dame plays this thing because you know, they had some success this year. I don't know how much they spend in the portal.


Yeah, but it's gonna come to a point in time. Ocho, you gonna have to a, you gotta do what you gotta do. Yeah. It's really, it's really, it's really that simple. Ocho you gotta do what you gotta do. You got, you gotta put your money where mouth Is. You gotta put your money where your mouth is. And these big time programs, they got 15, $20 million, you know, 15, 20, 20 $5 million a yeah I need a quarterback. It's gonna cost me one to $2 million. I need a top back and top running back that's gonna cost me four to 600. Top flight receiver. Six to million a d lineman lie about a bro, It's gonna cost. And you and Oh you talking about an 18, 19-year-old CO or ocho that's gonna have 600, 700, a million dollars.


Ugh. I a out the gate. Out gate. Talking about being, being able to secure your family. A a head start in securing your family. Yes. A head start. You know mama a dabbling projects. We ain't in the projects no more. We ain't in section eight no more. Mama. Huh? Yeah. No mama, we got three. We about to get three, four bedrooms with a garage. Huh. And it is so funny how the landscape of the NF nfl, I mean NFL it's so funny how the landscape of collegiate football has changed, especially for the, the, the power five schools. Especially when you have certain boosters that are willing to spend to ensure that you can win. Everything is pay to play. Oh Joe, hey baby Lead that they can, they can lead that student athlete issue long now and that student, hey student A this pay for play, these guys are making money now.


Yeah. All that. The student athletes and I'm going to get an education. Okay. That'll be nice. That, that'll be nice if you get that along the way. Yeah. But it's something nice To fall back on. It's something nice to fall on. But hey, like this kid from Michigan, they got 12 and a half million. Hey, I have a question on timeout out timeout. Come on now. Are they exaggerating the numbers or is it really 12? Is it really 10 to 12? And he got some, he got some other perks too. Who is that? What's the guy that at Oracle? Larry Ellison. Larry Larry. Ellison's wife. His wife went to Michigan and so he chi in, he like, whatever it takes to get this kid, let's get it.


See you see what happened when you have alumni like that Now that's different. Yeah. He the third, what is he the third Richard? I think he's the third richest man in the world. Yeah. Was the man In the world with two, Was it 20 million man, what 12 was $12 million to him? Nothing. So even if I did, if I did 10%, even if I did 5% right. That's like, that's like, that's like a hundred thousand. That's like a thousand dollars to me and you, 12 million to him is like a thousand dollars to you and I Right. Right. He ain't missing that. Not a chance Because he wanted, he wants his, he wants to see his program or his wife program succeed. But this is where we are now. Ocho this student athlete bull eye.


It is never been that. It's always been that, but it was always hush hush. Okay, hey yeah, I get you this charger, this challenger, this scat pack, this, you know, this, you know what I'm saying? What this what the Scat what? Hey this scat pack I get you this SRT eight, I get, you know I get you this hell cat. You know what I'm saying? It it was, it was that going on. It was the Backwood deals all of a sudden. Damn. How y'all Bro, y'all was just at the project with us. How y'all in this three bedroom cross town now? Yeah, now everything is above the board. Got ain. And there ain't no more challenges guys grabbing Ferrari and Lambo. Yeah. You see what your door had. Oh. But see listen, you gotta, you gotta, you gotta be one of them now.


You gotta be one of them. Yes. Be one. You gotta be, if you're one of them, you could already start your NFL career and the image is if you've already made it, you got to be him. Yes. So, you know these, the top the top guys, they're gonna be getting, you know, three, $4 million a year. Mm. Arch Manning gonna be making four, 5 million. He done made, he probably done made 10, $11 million OCHO Already. And you know, hey, he, he come from, you know Cooper, Cooper ain't painting and Eli, but he ain't, they ain't hurting. Nah, they ain't hurting at all. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. He's stashing all his money. Right. And I just hope the guys that are getting this money, they're getting very sound financial advice because that's taxes.


You are in that bracket. Yeah. You make over 400,000 you in that bracket. In bracket. Yeah. In that bracket day. So in other words, you made 200,000, you didn't make 400, you made 200 because Uncle Sam want his cut. Uncle Sam the only guy that don't go to work and get half your money. Yeah. He, he and he don't play too. And if he, if he don't, if he don't get it, if he don't get it, if he don't get it, he gonna knock on your door down the line. Oh. He gonna to get it. It's just a matter of fact when he get it, because he already know what you got because they can see everything like, oh, you ain't got it like you used to have it. Huh? Okay. Oh, oh, you know interest. Yeah, because they put that compound interest on your ass. Yeah. Oh yeah.


Oh, you can't Pay. And guess what? We gonna just plead the interest on it until you do pay it all back. Now they give you, they, when they owe you, they give you a little bit of interest. You owe them, they, they compound that interest. Yeah. So, but congratulations to the Buckeyes. You, So you saw this Bryce Har Bryce Harper was there. He's a big Ohio State fan. Two time N-L-M-V-P. LeBron was there, A lot of the stars were out. It's kind of not my thing right to go because like I said, I don't really know anybody that's playing college football. I'm not a big, you know, I like college football, but Right. I mean, me going to a game, it's not like the NBA for me Ocho No. But like I said, if I had a, a friend, somebody had a son that's playing.


Okay. Yeah. I go check it out. Yeah. I'm, I'm a root for him. Yeah, yeah. Right. If I mean, tonight, I mean, I would, I would've loved, I would've loved to go to go to the game, obviously I, I would've been able to watch Ryan Clark's son. I would've been able to watch him play actually, actually being able to watch Jeremiah Smith, it would've, it would've been nice to him play. But just going to a game, you know, you know, experience the atmosphere just to watch two players that I can watch at home on tv. I mean, it's, it is, I I love Crime. If, if Colorado, the national championship game, I have went Oh Yeah. Oh yeah, Yeah. I, you don't gypsy. But yeah. Other than that, nah, it wasn't ocho. Without any further ado, I'd like to welcome.


Is he about to, we're gonna welcome the Michael Jenkins. He's a Cesar real estate developer and investor, custom home designer as well as chief operator officer and owner of 3D Vision. And unfortunately ocho, he was involved in a disgusting racial profiling act outside of his own home. And so welcome Mikey. Congratulations to your Buckeyes. Well done. I know you sell, I'm surprised you he got on your, your Buckeye shirt, but congratulations to your Buckeyes to you. And I think that's, if that's your wife. Yep. Yep. Congratulations ma'am. Thank you for joining us. Mike, if you can go back, I know it was November and here we are in late January.


If you can recount the events as you remember, as vivid as you possibly can. Yeah, I can remember. It wasn't too long ago, I was leaving one of my real estate job sites in the inner city. Wrapping it up for the day. It was about five 15. Took me about 45 minutes to get home. Okay. I'm, I'm proud to go home. Shannon's something i i I want you to know is when they say it's a affluent neighborhood. Yeah. It's one of the most wealthiest neighborhoods in Ohio. Wow. Congrats. And my house is the best house in, that's what I'm talking about because I come on now, I've designed it from scratch. I'm an architectural designer. I bought the land, I financed the land, designed it from scratch and I built it from the ground that using all my research, so proud to come home.


I'm pulling up, checking out my Christmas lights. We just put up for the holiday season and there happens to be a lady in the driveway with two kids. So I don't think nothing of it. Kids coming in, in and out my house all the time. I got kids, got a family over here. I don't think nothing of it. I think, I think she's looking for the front door. I say, Hey, are you, are you looking for somebody? She doesn't answer. She being proceed to go through the porch. So I'm like, okay. So she probably coming over. So I pull in the driveway, I'm about to park and she rings the doorbell and comes to the, the, the front of the front porch and stops me and says, do you live here?


And I said, yeah, I live here. She said, well, I don't don't think so. So I said, well what are you doing here? She says, I don't think you live here. Picks the kid, kid up, drops the stroller, hops off the porch, starts running. And I hear screaming, yelling for help. At that point, now I'm in fear. I'm in fear because I, I know what we face as black man in America. So I rushed to the garage, park in the garage, come in the house. My wife's in the office. I said, babe, some white Caucasian lady. She just jumped off our front porch screaming, yelling for help.


I don't know if she gonna call the police. I'm pacing back and forth. I don't know what's about to happen. 6:00 PM regular day. We pacing back and forth. I, I don't at this point I, I'm like, I don't know what's about to happen. She comes back before the police gets here. I don't want to go outside. I don't want to go outside with them outside. And the police pulls up and we're, I, I don't know what's going to pop off if police pull up altercation happened, anything could happen. Right. I know they're gonna talk. So my wife's come outside and she just wants to, to, wants to figure out what's going on.


'cause she's in shock. And I let her say how she ended up coming outside or whatnot. Okay. When he come, Yeah, when he came home and he said, you know, there's all I was gonna ask you. Oh, go ahead. He comes into the house, he says, babe, there's a white lady standing on my, on our porch. She's running, yelling, screaming. I don't know what this is about. And so what's going through your mind when he explains what he just encountered? I was in my office working and I'm confused. I'm not understanding what's going on. Like what do you mean there's a white woman running through her for help? Do you remember help for what? He's like, I don't know. And immediately Maud, I just, my heart dropped. I'm like walking and pacing back and forth. Like, okay, just wait. Just wait.


Okay. Well what happened? Nothing. I was just pulling in the house and I'm like, what is she screaming for? He is like, I don't know. And I'm like, are you, what, what? And I keep opening up the door because I feel like the police is gonna come here, somebody's about to come here and I don't know what's gonna happen. I don't even know what fully happened. I didn't hear, I didn't hear anything. I'm in the house working. So she go And so I kept opening up the door and that's when I came out. So She called. So she did end up calling the police. She did end up calling the police. Yes. She call the police. Okay. So lemme ask you a question now. This happened in November, the video just recently got released.


What caused you guys to release? Because I'm glad this is on ring camera because you are absolutely right. Had this not been captured on camera, on video, we, we already know the story that was gonna be told and how it was gonna be spun, but you guys had it on camera. What made you guys finally decide to release it? Well, I actually released the video in our community Facebook group. Oh. We have a community Facebook group, about 500 or so people. And it, ever since I've been like, we've been chatter, we've been upset, we've been, it is, it's so many different factors and so many different feelings. So many different feelings. I picked a video in our community Facebook group to share what happened.


And it took a lot for me to do that. And then we woke up and the video everywhere You, you, you know what's funny? It's one thing to experience racial profiling in public, you know, in public. I'm sure we all have stories where it happens in, in that setting for it to happen in your own home. I mean, it can be, it can be unsettling, it could be, it could be uncomfortable. Especially when it comes to a place that you call a a, a place of, a place of peace that we all, we can all get away from, you know, from the outside world. Has that affected your sense of sense of security and trust in the neighbors? And, and have you reconciled in any way with the neighbor who caused these issues? Of course there's a lack of trust. Of course. It makes us feel unwelcome and unsafe.


We have two boys and he leaves our family, he protects our family. So to know that we can't go walk the dog or someone looking at us is, is what's gonna happen. It's a lot of weight, it's a lot of pain and it's a lot of emotion. I can steer you and he's be to this. I still hear it in your voice. So Of course the it not once have we got, I thought the next day maybe there would be some, a flowers at the door saying apo. Not once has this person reached out to us to give us a their apology. Wait. Whoa, Whoa. HOA hey, I reached out to HOA immediately after it happened.


Nobody said anything. Nope. Immediately after it happened, I reached out HOA ghosted me. Wow. For lack of better words. Can I, can I ask you this, prior to that night, prior to that incident, had you ever seen this woman prior to this incident? I've been in the neighborhood for three years. I built the house from the ground up. I know the developers in the neighborhood. I lived in the front of the neighborhood while I built the house. I walked to the job site every day. So have I seen her eye for eye? No. I've walked by her house and seen them on the front porch. So she see When we, when they came I didn't recognize Go ahead ma'am.


Go Ahead. I didn't recognize them, but we, but I was gonna say it's a 90%, 90% or more of the neighborhood is predominantly Caucasian. So we are one of one black families in the neighborhood. And our house sits all the way in the back of the neighborhood and the people ride by and take pictures every day. And there's a lot of publicity with our house. So it, it, it, it really was, it it it was shocking. But they stay to they self in the neighborhood. Lemme ask you this, will you walk up and you ask, what can I help you with? And she says, is this your house? You say, yeah. And she says, I don't believe you.


When someone tells you they're standing on your porch and they tell that's not their property and they tell you that this is not your property. What, what went through your mind when someone is standing on your porch and they say, well you don't live here. Hmm. Well that's when I was battle tested as a black man, as a man. I been to prison. That's, you know, had to transition and learn how to put pride and ego to the side and control your emotions. Okay. Okay. That's when that kicked in. That was the, that was the ultimate battle test. 'cause in my mind I said the audacity, the audacity of her, that was in my mind.


But I could, I had to control my emotions in the moment because I knew where it could have escalated at. I'm thinking, well what if she, what if she had a, a gun? Right? Well, she had been running or well I had been running. Is this a situation? Because now she said, well you have to see it from my point of view. No, I don't need to see anything from your point of view. When you stand on your, you know, what on my porch. But for her to say, well you didn't say, well, I really live here. I live here. I don't have to identify myself. This is mine. Why do I have to tell you who I am when you standing on my property? It's, I mean it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it took everything out of me, you know, not to get outta character.


And especially when they came back, you know, she brought her husband back. He was real standoffish. I was, I was scared to go outside, but I, I sat on it, I was listening. I said, I can't let my wife sit out here with these people. What if the police pull up? Right. So, you know, IIII, I went outside and I just had to make my face numb. And I had to let them know I do live here. A black man does live here. I did build this house from the ground up. I did design this house. I, I, I had to show my face and as soon as I came outside, you could tell they switched it all the way up. Let's get outta here, let's go. They switched it all the way up. When the police arrived, what did the police say?


Okay, what, what, what was the side of the story that they told the police? And then what did the police, what was the interaction? Once the authorities arrived, I hid in the house. I didn't talk to the police. I'm clue I'm not about to come out there with them. Those police might gum me die. So you let your wife I hid in the House. So you let your wife have I Let her handle that? You could say, okay. What? Yeah, I made, I mean, I made a report, I made a police report. It was emotional to make a police report because we all know what happens and you call the police. So I had to think to myself, do I go outside? It is dark. Do I let him come inside? Do I sit up? Do I stand down?


Do I let mys do I do I let my son be stand here? How do I explain this to him? And even explaining and sharing that this lady racially profiled as she ran from her house, scream, there's no telling what people can think. My son came home from work who's 17 and said, mom, what? I was taking out the trash. What if she had a gun? What are the what? Like what's going on? Why are the police here? That's crazy. Hey, the, the, the, But I knew I had to make the work. Hey, despite the difficulties of, of the situation you've been through, have you guys, or are you guys moving forward with reclaiming your sense of safety, being that it is home and in, in any way despite them not, you know, giving sincere apologies or letting you know that we welcome you here in our home, especially HOA and the neighbor cells.


Do you still have hope and motivation to keep sharing your story from this point on for others that might encounter these situations in ways they can prevent things from happening and being able to deescalate those situations? 100%. I have nothing against their family, but I, I grew up dealing with this all the time. So we still have to live here. They live two streets over. We have to ride by each other's house. I'm okay with being cordial with riding by each other's house. I have no issue with them. The issue is getting a word out here and letting, letting my situation and what I've been through and what I overcome, be inspiring to people in the world.


People that look like me. So I'm, that's the space I'm in. And I'm thankful for God because I didn't ask for her to show up on my porch. This is God's movement here. This is God telling me that people need to hear your story. You need to inspire, you need to tell people what's going on and use this so that hopefully this won't happen to the next person or the next person that comes across a caring situation. They will know how to control their emotion. Because us as black man, especially young black man, we struggle with that. We struggle with that impulse, with that, that acting.


We have, we, we, we think irrationally and we, we never think rational. So I'm here to inspire people. I'm a real estate developer. I build houses from the ground up, single family houses. But I thought that moving into the most wealthiest neighborhood in Ohio, that this was the right thing to do. But maybe my focus needs to be build communities. That's for us and by us, so that we can inspire people that look like us. We can, we can build a community. That's for us. Can I ask you a question?


You said something very interesting. You said she lives two streets up from you. So you mean to tell me she went two streets outta her way to try to find out who lived in this home? Not, not, not on your street, not who, not on your block, not on your street, not on your block. Not next to you. Two streets. It's two streets up, but it's, she's all the way north. We're all the way down. It's multi-million dollar housing back here. The locks are big. So it is two streets, but it's still, we can go 30 days, 60, 90 days without seeing each other. Okay. So she went out of her way. Lemme ask you this.


She been, she, she issued an apology. She also said that she reached out to you and tried to apologize multiple times, but she hasn't had a response from you. Has she tried to, did she apolo try to apologize to you in person or was it through this video that you guys have seen? She Has not tried to apologize to us in person via phone, via knock at the door. Via phone call, via email. No, only the live videos. Now, apparently if we were, were to believe what the report says, that this woman has a history going back as far as 2018 of creating these situations and then making herself out to be a victim. Have you guys seen that?


Have y'all seen any of those reports That's, that's being circulated? I have not seen that. I have not seen Can I ask you this? I wanna ask you this. Have you thought about, since your privacy, your security, have you thought about potentially even leaving that neighborhood and going elsewhere? Or you saying, nah, y'all not gonna to run us off outta our home? 100%. I've, I've been in Ohio my whole life and I faced racial discrimination at its highest as peak. I'm a stereotype person. Tattoos, dreadlocks, a man that's in the professional world, in the real estate development world that you don't see too many minorities building multimillion dollar home.


It doesn't happen here. So we 100% have thought about moving to another state, taking my talents elsewhere, building a community to going places where we could be surrounded by more people that look like us. Man. So lemme ask you a question. What was your relationship with the neighborhood? Did you have any inter interaction with your neighbors? Like to the left of you, in the front of you, to the back of you? What was, what's the, what's the neighborhood like? I know it's, you mentioned it's a very affluent neighborhood. There's a lot of, there are are wealthy people that live there. You mentioned million dollar homes. What's the relationship with you in the community other than them what this said individual. So it's the wealthiest neighborhood and they got a saying that once you reach a certain tax bracket, race doesn't matter.


That's a lie. So it's a lie. But people say that. People say that. So everybody out here, mo majority people out here, they walk every day. They take pictures of our house, they say hi, you can ask people in the neighborhood. Those people are not friendly. They don't say hi. They don't take too many walks. They don't walk their dog, they stay in their house. They are stand off, off. So the neighborhood is friendly, but I don't know about them. She said something very Interesting. We participate in Go ahead. Go ahead ma'am. I was just wanna say we participate in community events. And you know, for the most part, the neighborhood is friendly.


She posted videos after this happened and the neighbors brought it to us because they picked 2 1 2 together. So that's how we even found out that they knew about it. She, she, she mentioned to you as you was walking up, you have to see her point of view. She's walking her kids. It is late at night. If you are that afraid, why you out at night walking your kids if you as afraid as you say you are? Did you, like, did that cross your mind? Like, well, if you say you are afraid, why you out here in the dark by yourself? You are married, your husband's not with you, and you got a small child. So it, it can't be that dangerous. You can't be that fearful of your life.


If you choose at night to walk a child, It's, it's six o'clock in the evening. Okay. It gets dark early. But yeah, we thought about that. Of course, I wouldn't be outside walking with No, no. Yeah. No, not at all. Especially if you, you know, have been through things or, or whatever. Like, I'm not walking at night, period. Oh, that's crazy. It's as simple as that. And as soon as someone tell me that's their house, all, all bets are off. Okay, look, you know, if you scared, then you walk, walk home. That's it. I, I, I don't know. I guess I just look at things differently. I've really never walked by somebody's house. Oh, you live here, or, definitely, I'm not standing on somebody's porch and asking this, is this their home?


If they drive up, I'm in the neighborhood. I see somebody in their driveway or somebody on the porch, I throw my hand up, I keep it moving. I'm not going to stand on someone's porch and ask them if they live here. That's none of my concern. Not just me. Maybe, maybe, maybe I'm, maybe, I don't think I'm unique in that guys. Oh, we ain't noy. That's pretty, we ain't nosy like that though. We ain't know, know, we ain't nosy like that, man. We see somebody, man. We turn up and do we say hello and we keep it moving. The first thing we say, we see a night house. Boy, that thing ain't nothing. I ain't saying it right. And we keep it moving. Who admit no clue. It ain't, it ain't our business. You mentioned that you have a 17-year-old son and as black, we have to have that conversation with our black young men.


Is that we always, always, yes sir. No sir. It's Yes ma'am. No, ma'am. When you pull, get pulled over, look, hey, just be as polite as you possibly can because your job is to get that man or that woman to your car, back to their car and on their way as quick as you possibly can. It's not about, you know, all this and all that. We'll fight it in court, whatever it is. If they said I was speeding, if I was improper lane change, I don't have a tail light. A what? Erratic driving. Let's go to court. We could argue it in front of a judge in front of 12 people. I, I, I can't argue. I gotta have you make it home. Have you had to have that talk with him? Have you had it already? Or did you have to have that talk with him immediately after this incident?


Absolutely. Absolutely. And it was, it was emotional and you know, it was multiple talks. It was multiple talks and even was days where it's like, you know what? I don't know if you should go outside and walk our dog. Right. Let me see. Make sure you go out before it gets dark. It's a lot of weight. It's a lot of weight. You've received a lot of overwhelming support from social media though. I mean, everybody's been on your side and the social media has come to your defense and like the way, the way you handled it, and you mentioned your situation having made some decision in your previous, when you were younger and, and you learned and you said, look, I gotta channel this. I'm not, I'm not gonna give them the ability, says I'm angry and I have every right to be angry because I'm in dead.


I'm in the right here. But nobody cares about that because all they're going to look as you as a black man, look at your history and bring that into the equation when it had nothing to do with this woman standing on your porch. Think about If you could, yeah, people, people are gonna watch this. This is gonna get picked up. If you could say if, what would you want people to know about you, your family, and how you handled this situation? I'm a black man in America that's overcame every obstacle that could be thrown at you growing up, making bad decisions, being around the wrong people and being given a second chance to transition.


Raising a family, being married, my 17-year-old, I've been there since he was six months. This is, this is, this is my, it's it's my son, but he's not my biological. I've raised him as, he's my son. I have an 8-year-old as well. I'm here to inspire people, to show people that control your emotion. Control your emotion. That's a, that's, that's, that's, that's one of the most powerfulest things that a man can do because a dangerous man is a man that can't control his emotion. So a situation like this that's broadcasted across the world, you can see that I had, I I I was given every single reason to act and I still control my emotions.


So I want to use this moment, this, these, these, these platforms to inspire people, lead people, and to show them what a real man is and what a real man is supposed to do. You take care of your family, protect your family, control your emotions. And that's what we are here to do. And also build communities. I want to build houses from the ground up. I want to build communities. I want to design high end luxury homes. These are things that I want to do that I got a passion for. That my, my, it's, it's, it's in my bloodline.


Custom custom home builds. My grandpa was a custom home designer and builder. These are things that I want to take to the next level and be known for and show people that in the, in the real estate industry, that we can strive, we can survive, and we can do what they do and even better. So that's what I'm here for. Do you have a sense or when, or if you'll ever get your normalcy back because your life has been interrupted. You didn't ask for this, but as you mentioned before, God, don't put on any more of this than what we can handle. He chose you. He chose you for a reason and the way you handled yourself in that situation, I'm not so sure a lot of us, because she went out of her way.


Hmm. She had no business on your porch to begin with. You. If she didn't think you lived there, she could ask that question from the street. You don't bring your tail on someone else's front porch and then ask them, that's not your place. Right. I could see if you were at her house and you, and I'm you asking for direction, and you're like, are you lost? Do you need help? She's in your, she's on your property. Did you think about pressing charges for trespassing? We did. And they th they threw it under the rug. They filed a police report that was in nothing that we told 'em. We asked for the police report. They never gave it to us. We had to track 'em down to get the police report and looked at it. It was vague. We thought about pressing charges. We did all that. I thought she, she gave me every right. She's on my property.


Right. That's self-defense. I could've gunned them down. But I had to hold my composure as a man for my family because even though it was self, it could have been self-defense. Not for a black man, not for us. Wow. Michael, thank you for sharing your story with us. We really appreciate it. You handled that thing very well to your wife. What's your name, ma'am? Brittany. Brittany. You and Demic handled it very, very well. I'm not so sure very many people would've handled it with the class and with the, the poise that you did. You were every, you did everything right.


And even though you did everything right, it seems like everything is gone wrong. She was wrong for coming onto your property. The authorities seem to be wrong for how they've handled this situation. Hopefully you get the clarity, you get the, the judgment, the respect that you deserve in this situation because you did everything right. And seemingly as of right now, things have gone wrong. Hopefully the Nightcap family, everybody that's in this chat, we're praying for you. That you get your sense of peace, you get your sense of normalcy and you get everything that you deserve back tenfold. Because just talking to you, you are a good man, Brittany. You are a good woman. Y'all are great family. Yes. And you're doing the right thing.


So I tip my hat to you for the way you handled this situation and continue to be blessed. God's gonna continue to bless you because you are a good man and you do great things for the community. And I wanna thank you Ocho and I, Nightcap family. Wanna thank you for sharing your story with us. We greatly, greatly appreciated. This is gonna go out and you're gonna get an outpouring of, of support. Yes sir. And it still wouldn't be enough for what you guys went through, but I thank you for sharing your story here with us on Nightcap. Continue to be blessed, continue success, and we'll talk to you soon down the road. Appreciate it. Thank you guys. Have A good, alright. Thank you.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondents and Contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They Changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it, yeah, you, it was like, do I send the heart now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's Extremely pink. Listen, A lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the post-season run.


What's up everybody? I'm na Burkin tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's n Challenge Script with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Demers, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp. How about the sport and all the other things to running it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find that we're not just hockey talk. We had all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL now, You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki, That's sure. To kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Guys, Ocho and I we talk, try to tell you when, when we started this, our job was to, to inform you, to educate you, to entertain you. And sometimes things, it is not about, it's not about entertainment. This is not entertaining for us. But we felt that we needed to bring this story. We needed to give it even, even more light. Yeah. And when I was approached about, you know, would you like to have this couple on? I said, absolutely. And I just told 'em, I said, look, we're coming on Lake, we're coming on after the game. And so they'd been the second block and they said, we don't care. We wanna share this story. We wanna share it on your platform. And so this is what we try to do. I mean, yeah, we're a sports show, but we talk about sports, we talk about culture, we talk about finance.


All we try to do is shed positive light. Some things are not a positive, but we want show, we want show our community that good can come out of a situation like this. And the way he handled it, like I said, Ocho, I don't know that very many people, you standing on my front porch asking me do I live here? I don't know who does, but I just know you don't. Well you, you know what a lot, a lot, a lot of times, huh? You, you have to think about it. Especially when it comes to home, when it comes to safety in someone's property, most of the time they meet fire with fire. Yes. They're not really that well that well trained or versed in deescalating situations. Like also another problem that most of us have is we love challenging authority because we know our rights.


You know, instead of having the mindset. Well, I I tell my kids all the time, you have the mindset you want to go home. Exactly. Your end goal. Whether you know all your rights well, you know, everything. I, I don't care. You want to go home at the end of the day, that's it. You know. But I think if we get to a point where we understand that even though we know our rights, we know everything and try to do everything by the book, at the end of the day, you wanna get home to your family Situ Black man, white man, black kid, I mean whatever, whatever it may be. Learn to deescalate situations. You don't always have the C child authority because you, you, you wanna show you smart and you, and you know this.


So you know that at, at the end of the day, it doesn't matter. I just want to get home to my kids and I'm gonna go into my family. That's it. Ocho sometimes you can be in the right and not be right. Yeah. He was in the right. Yeah. But he knows how this was gonna play out. I don't believe he really, and I, I meant to ask him this and she said she shared it with the, with the, with the her Facebook community. Had she not, had the lady not got on there and started lying Right. And tried to make it seem like she was the victim. They just wanted this to go away. They wanted to go back to their normal life. Right. She interrupted that she interrupted their peace and not for a good reason.


They said she lived two streets to the north there in the back to the south. The south. Yeah. So you gotta go outta your way. What it was ocho, that big house. How I know ain't no black man pulling up to this house. Right. Why you care, you ain't gotta pay one bill now water, not gas, not lighting, not phone, not property tax or nothing. Why you care me a part of, a part of me Aren a part of me. I understand that his normalcy and his peace and his safety has been impacted. But I kinda don't want him to move. I think that's kind of what they wanted to do because he, they mentioned that they might be one of one in that neighborhood and they got the biggest lot in that neighborhood and they kind of want him out.


Yeah. Nah, I ain't going nowhere. Y'all leave. I ain't going nowhere. Uhuh, This is mine. I bought this and then they said they'd been getting the run around from the authorities And HOA, I don't know what HOA do anyway, they full a car, car, they don't do nothing. Yeah. That's just another way to, that's just another way to get a hundred fifty, two hundred, three hundred a month. Yeah. To do what? Hell, I can cut the grass myself at the front of the entrance. Hell, y'all talking. Hell, y'all talking about y'all taking up 300 a month from everybody and what, what y'all doing with that money light. Stay out for two, three weeks, Man.


But I am, I'm so glad that we able to get Brittany and de Micha on. He goes by Mikey. I'm glad we were able to get that family on Nightcap. This is what we try to do. Ocho and I, we try to bring, you know, we try to, whether it's stories like this, whether it's some athlete or whatever the case may be, we just try to give you the best show that we possibly can on a give night. And this was supposed to be a very routine night. Talk about the national championship game. There's some other sports stories that's circulating, but when the opportunity, and it just goes to show you Ocho because the person reached out to me and they was like, Hey, hey, I wanna ask you something. I was like, yeah, what, what's up? She's like, would you like to have the couple on that you and Ocho talked about?


They Was like, they, they saw this, they saw your story. I was like, really? They was like, yeah, and they want, they wanna share it with you. Yeah. I called Ash, I said, Ash, guess what? She's like, what? I said, you know, because she always like, Ash what? I said, you know the couple we were talking about in that video last night, they wanna come on and share the story. Yeah. She's like, really? I was like, yeah. And you know, Ocho like I said, we're on the east coast, it's gonna be late. They're they're in Ohio. Yeah. Hey, it is like, it doesn't matter. We wanna come on. Yeah. And then we have it. So, and listen, I'm, I'm gonna say, man, listen, the, the story is inspiring, which you, we also have to understand is situations like this have been going on for a very long time.


Situations, situations like this are going to continue to happen. So they're telling their story. Yes. And also inspiring people and understanding his, his background and his history and how far he's coming, being able to transition and getting a second chance. But most of us aren't afforded can also prevent those that might get, that that one chance where it's in a situation where, you know, everybody ain't getting no second chance. Yeah. Everybody ain't getting no second chance. So being able to do diffuse situations to deescalate situations and have your right state of mind, you know, in place when stuff like this happens, you know, maybe not to this magnitude, but in, in, in in another scenario.


You, you, you, you gotta be on point. You gotta be on point at all times. So you, they gonna test you now. Yeah. But I took a lot of, a lot of from that because like he said, he could have reacted in such a way that wasn't been, wouldn't been beneficial to his family and it definitely would've been beneficial to the woman that invaded his privacy and his his space. But I'm glad he handled this, the situation, the way he handled it. Right. So thank you Mikey and Brittany for sharing your story with us on Nightcap and we wish you the best. Down the line, The Volume.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd Nan Bur here to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deir here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week we will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks, we're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let Tabla Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts and you will be glad you did.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirrorball Trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.