
You're listening to an iHeart podcast.


Brands spend $32 billion every year on influencer marketing, yet most still don't know if it's actually working. Are you seeing a positive ROI from your influencer campaigns, or is your team just tracking mics and follows? At Jive PR and Digital, we turn influencer engagement into real, measurable sales. Our clients see a 50% lower cost per acquisition compared to traditional ads. No more wasted budgets, no more guessing. Head to jive pr digital.com to see if your brand is a fit.


Craftsman days are here at Lowe's with big savings on the tools you need. Save $100 on the Craftsman V 26 tool Power Tool combo kit now at $199 no matter what the project is. Craftsman's, high quality, high performance products and power you to build on Stop by your nearest Lowe store and check out the full line of Craftsman tools today valid through six 18 while supplies last. Selection varies by location.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali SU, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts, The volume.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. You watch the Indiana Pacers do what they did, the last series, go on the road and take a two oh lead going back to end it. Yes they are. They're up two. Oh, they're in a commanding position. You don't see this often, but they've done it in back-to-back series A commanding two oh lead one 14 to 1 0 9, thanks to a red hot shooting night from Pascal aka who had 39 big points. They have six guys in double figures like they normally do as a committee team, and they win this ball game on the road one 14 to 1 0 9. Y'all know who I am. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own Bengals, ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson and your special guest tonight joining us to break down this game. Indiana 1 1 14 to 1 0 9 is the 1981 finals MVP. He's a two-time champ and he's out of the University of North Carolina at Charlotte. The number 12 overall draft pick in the 1977 draft. Harry is later the gentleman, Cedric Corn bred Maxwell. We'll get to a second how you got that name cornbread. I think I got a pretty good idea, but we're gonna let you explain this to us. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button.


And guys go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. I want to thank each and every one of you personally for your support and your continued support. When OCHO and I launched this thing almost two years ago, we had no idea it would take us to the heights that has taken us, but we could not have done that without you. So thank you so much from OCHO and I and the entire crew at Nightcap. Thank you and hopefully we'll get your continued support. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We have it in stock. If you can't find it in a city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platform. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out.


That link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours before they're gone. Before we get to the game guys, I wanna make an announcement guys. We decided to postpone the Nightcap tour. We look forward to seeing you guys in summer of 2026 is gonna be even bigger, even better. But OCHO and I have come to the conclusion that this is the best thing as of right now, was to postpone the tour. We look forward to seeing each and every one of you in 2026. Some of you guys that have already got the tickets, you probably received the emails and further instructions, but I wanna thank you for your support, OCHO and I wanna thank you and everybody at night camp wanna thank you, but we postponed the tour until 2026.


Now let's get into this ball game. The Indiana Pacers go on the road now remind you, they did this to the number one C, the team that wasn't 64 games in the regular season. They went on the road to Cleveland and they took a commanding two oh lead on the road. And what did they do? People might have thought that was a fluke. They go on the road again in the conference finals and take a two oh lead against a very good New York Knicks team and they do it one 14 to 1 0 9 and again six guys in double figures. Pascal aka was sensational night 15 or 23 shooting three or five from the three point line, 36 big points. Knee Smith had 12 miles, Turner had 16, Nihart had 12 Halliburton, 14 and 11, and they got TJ McConnell in only 14 minutes, he gave him 10, 10 big points.


That's six guys in double figures again. And that's normally how they do it. Cornbread, you've seen this team play against your Celtics over the years and this is how they normally do it. They have might have one guy, but normally it's a bunch of teens. 14, 13, 16, 19 and they did it again tonight. When you watch this game cornbread, what was it? What is it that the N that the Pacers are doing? Or is it something they're doing or that something the Knicks aren't doing? I, I think it's something that the subjects are doing. I mean the Celtic, that's who I wanna talk about. Yeah, I know you Something I think that the Pacers are are doing and I think what the Pacers are doing really well, they're moving the basketball and they're mood bodies. The body, the ball does not stick as much.


And because of that defensively cannot rotate and trap as much that happens. When the N Knicks have played other teams, the ball sticks and their defense becomes that much more fluid and they can do damage that way. So when you move that basketball and you move bodies, the Knicks don't move as well defensively as other teams do. Watching this game, ocho, I was looking at it early and I saw like the, the Pacers got out to a good lead and then the Knicks go on this run. Yeah. And I'm looking at this game at the half, I'm like, Knicks, I think y'all in trouble. I think they're y'all in trouble. I say, because they walked you down from 14 with under three minutes and now you gotta nip and tuck ball game.


And the thing that the Pacers do, they're gonna play with, they're going to play with Pace. They're going to push the ball whether you make the shot Brad or you miss the shot. Yeah. They're pushing Halliburton are looking to get that ball ahead to see Yoakam, Denise Smith, miles Turner because they run the floor and like you said, they do a great job of moving and Yeah, they don't have a guy that you say, oh, I got to get him the ball. They don't have a dominant guy, a Luca or or or Jason Tatum or one of these great shade that got to have the ball. So you don't know on a given night it could be one of either six guys that could be their leading score and that's very difficult to defend. Yeah. Jalen Brunson is averaging almost 40 points a game.


Eight assists the game and he's shooting 54%, yet they find themselves down oh two ocho. When you looking at the Knicks and you, I Think you picked the Knicks to win. Yes sir. What is it that you're seeing? What's the most disappointing from you for you? I mean, well, well for the Knick, obviously I need, I need more people to contribute, You know, at the half, I mean with Jalen Brunson doing what he needs to do, MKI Bridges was okay and nobody came along in, in the second half. But the patience are winning collectively as a group. Everybody's being able to contribute. I think it's too much pressure on Jalen Brunson to keep them in the game regardless. The Pacers can pass the ball and always keep the ball moving offensively them in the Pacers in transition running up and down the floor.


I think everyone else has to contribute as well. Kat, I mean, well what did, what did Cat have tonight? Unc Kat had 20 points on six to 14 shooting 14 shots isn't enough. Not, not, not even close. Not even. But Camp Bridges had 18 shots. Listen now, now we down, now we down oh two in the hole. I'm talking about we, I'm just saying specifically because I picked the nick to win the series that God damn Halliburton on. Man, listen, he was very T Knight. He only had 14 points, but still his shot selection and when he chose to shoot, oh, it's Chad, Chad, Chad, Chad. I'm sorry, I'm sorry Chad. Stick a for Kevin. They're done now. They're done. You're going Bread, Randy.


I didn't stutter did I? Oh, Randy, yeah. Oh, they're done. I mean, I don't, I don't think that you look at them the first game they lost that psychologically it does a lot of damage. But then you come back and you play okay and you lose the second game. Right? Where, where are all the people that were rocking the something Bus the other day when I was on it, when, when we did Arena, they were trying to tip it over. Those same quiet people left out there like church mouses. So I, I think that you look at the Knicks, this is a team that plays with emotion. What they've done, they take them, they've taken the emotion out. You said something about the pace that they run. Lemme tell you what happened during 1984.


I swear to God, this is how it happened. We played the Lakers in game three. They beat us so bad, we score. I didn't even think magic took the ball out of bounds. He was right behind me. Girl, listen. I was like, they come bitch, did they take it outta bounds? I, me. But that's what great teams do. They don't allow you to get back in a position of resting. And that's what the Knicks want to do. They wanna rest, but as long as you attack them and you make them play on the defensive end and you make, call Anthony Times accountable, you make Breon accountable on the defensive end. That is what hurts the Nixon. Who's going, who are you looking at over there?


Who's gonna score after that? Right? Corporate, you said something very interesting. You said the team that plays on emotion and they lost that first game. I don't know if it was they lost the first game or how they lost the first game because we hadn't seen a whole lot of teams lose games like that when they have such a lead with that fu with that amount of time on the clock. So it's like 1,447 when somebody has a nine point lead with like 50 something seconds to go in the ball game and they lost that ball game and they come out and they really couldn't get any separation. They could never get build up a 10 point lead or a 14 point lead like they did in game one. So now everybody in that building, they're waiting to erupt. The loudest I saw 'em is when, when Brunson hit that three and they get within three points with like 30 seconds to go in the ball game.


Prior to that they were like just sitting like hoping something could go their way so they could get into the ball game. Why? Why are, why are we so surprised by this? You're talking about what did they do when they played Cleveland? The same game they kicked back at the end of the game when they won Rick Carlisle apply. I played with Rick Carlisle as a young player. Yeah, he, he was always somebody who got at it and he, he was at a high pace and you made guys accountable. He does that with this team. Yes. The custom that the Knicks have is the fact that you look at that pacer team, they have championship DNA. Yeah. Has it see outcome has it. Whoever there on the Knicks has that championship DNA or you're going to fall to at the end of the day.


And I think that's the huge problem for them. They a team right now that's played with great emotion and they've been lucky. They were lucky to beat the Celtics twice in those first two games in Boston. But now chickens have come home to roost now Buddy. Jalen Brunson in game 2 36 points, 11 assists on five may threes only MJ and LeBron have more 35 point Tennessee playoff games in the Eastern Conference. Jalen Brunson, like I said, in games one and two, he's averaging four almost 40, 39 and a half, eight assists on 54% shooting. I don't know if it's over cornbread. I I think they, in order for them to have a chance, they've gotta win game three.


They gotta win three. The four did. This four man is over po We've seen them go on on the road. You've always talked about your gran, what she did. Yeah, when she went to check me, what did you do? She suck a pork in it. Yeah, she stick a, it's like, yeah baby, it's done. Stephanie Blood came out. If any blood came out, it wasn't done right. What the Knicks saw. I don't, I thought that I really hated the Laker fans and the Laker fan base. They have nothing on the arrogance of the Knicks. When they yes, when they won the, these Yogas Haven and I said that to Steve Mason snip, I said, oh, I tell you what, act like they've been there before. And I said, oh, hold on a minute.


They haven't. And last time, three last time they won the championship, I was in high school, it was my senior year. I'm going to church 70 years old. So I'm not saying anything bad about them. They played hard. I like what Brunson does. I, I like what they've done with their team, but I just think the Pacers right now are the better of the two teams executing, especially at the end of the game. And when it really counts, they've done it twice. Yeah. I think the thing is that, go ahead Ocho. Go ahead. Make your point. I I'm I was gonna say cornbread. You not giving the Knicks any chance to come back. Regardless of how the Pacers play, despite how they look the past, through games, the Knicks, You know, for, for, for that matter.


You don't give them any chance to come back and make this a series. Chad, let's go and let's, I only even drink beer. But that's, that's better case Okay. Than me and you back. I just don't see them getting back, especially on the emotional end. Right. This team plays, I like the way they play, play tips, has them playing hard, but when you get the Indiana team playing the way they are right now going home, smelling blood. Yeah. Smelling blood. What we've seen this team do so far this year, when they smell blood, they turn the sharks. Lee Smith has been big knocking down shots. This isn't like, You know, you don't, I I'm not wishing them bad luck, but I just see again, one team that executes a lot better at the end of those games.


And they've won two games and we, we shouldn't be surprised. And I think the thing is, it was, it, it was concerning for me at ocho. You and I talked about this with Joe the other night. Yeah. Is that you got what you got from Kat, you got 30 plus points from Kat. You got 43 points from Brunson and you still lost. Yeah. So if my big gun a hey, You know this now hold on, y'all two big guys just went off and we still beat y'all. What's the likelihood of y'all doing this? Four or five, six times, six more times. The likelihood is not Jalen Brunson averaging 43. I don't see that happening. Kat averaging 36. I don't see that happening. And we saw what happened tonight. The difference is they're so dependent on Brunson.


Yeah. You see the Pacers, you don't know who's gonna be their leading scorer night to night. You can bet 98% of the time their leading score is gonna be Jalen Brunson Night. No, no. What? You know what? You have one of the top rated shows when you analyzing this thing. You wouldn't Think you were a damn er fan. You, you really? What? And You know, and You know I hate you because of that. When I see I ain't a Laker fan, I'm a LeBron fan. Well, I don't care. You, you still wearing that Brooklyn Gold and I hate to see it. I mean the, the the guy I Used to be a Celtic fan, You know, growing up Bud was my favorite player. Join, Join the crowd then come on back. Lemme say, come on back home.


Come on back to Jamaica. Okay. Don't worry about that. And, and I love LeBron All think he's done so much for this league and man, and I, I'm kind of like you, I kind of wonder why people hating on him so much for what he's done, especially when it's off the court. You know, all the things he's done on the court, but off the court, he's been brilliant. He hasn't been in any trouble. He's gotten kids to go to school. He's a great role model. So again, I don't understand that hatred or LeBron, although I did hate magic like that. And I still do. So that, that's a whole nother story. And you look at it, the Knicks, miles a miles bridge. You played 45 minutes.


Yeah. OG played 36. Jalen Brunson played 39. And that's a far cry from what they did the other night. Now obviously the game went into overtime, so you had an extra five minutes. So you got 48 minutes of regulation plus another five, that's 53. But those guys played heavy minutes. I'm surprised that more guys didn't play heavy minutes. Like OG wasn't in the forties. Kat wasn't in the forties. Josh Hart only played 29 minutes. I thought Josh Hart, he's really, Josh Hart does a little bit of everything. He rebounds, he plays defense, he scores, he assists the basketball. He had one assist, he had one steal, he had one block and he had six rebounds and six points. If he does not put his fingerprint on this series, in these next two games, I I I, I Hey honey, gimme a, gimme a broom.


Instead. I need to give him a broom if they don't wait. And, and I love Josh Hart. The thing I love about him, he could have played during days because yes, tough. He's tough minded. He goes in, he's scraping and against the Celtics, he had an imprint on all those games, knocking down shots, getting rebalanced. But in this game, this last game, his heart wasn't even effective. And no, he is the heart and soul of what they do emotionally. And they don't get it from him. Who else is they gonna get it from? Yeah. And You know, he only had, he had six points, but he got two of those in the last 30 seconds when he got that late layup. So I was surprised that, I mean 'cause you got 20 from Bridges. Okay, I can live with that. You got 16 from OG on only on 11 shots.


You got 20 from Kat on 14 shots. He needs to be somewhere around 18 to 22 shots. And that his damn self, Jalen Brunson, You know, he's a volume guy, 13 to 27. He did what he was supposed to do. Jalen Brunson did what he was supposed to do. Now I'm thinking if Josh Hart gives you somewhere 14 Yeah, like he normally do like, like we know he can, but like you said, I agree with you. Graham cornbread, his imprint six rebounds, that's not nearly enough. No one assist, one still one block. That's not the Josh Hart. Josh Hart is somewhere around eight to 12 points a game. Double digit rebounds. Right. Like seven to nine assists if not a triple double That versatile, you add anon to that getting steals, make mixing it up in this, in this last game, essentially.


He was never in involved. And that's not the way he, but because You know what, he's he's an energy guy. Yes, he's the high energy guy. And when you don't have any energy guy go over there giving you points or, or rebounds or something like that, it's tough right now. What you need to do Ocho go over there on that bench, go down that bench. There's about five or six other guys down there. Find me, find me two or three points. Can you find me any points out of that? Kims is only, but here's the thing. Cornbread and Ocho, we talked about this the other night with Joe. Yeah. They only gonna play seven guys, eight guys at the max. Yeah. And You know Mitchell Robinson, he's, he, he's only gonna get your put backs and he gonna get your lob. So you're not running any offense for him.


So you really can't really count him. Say, Mitchell, can you give us 10 to 12? Are you gonna run five alley hoops, five LOBs? Is he gonna get five put backs? I don't think so. And so they looked to file him to break the Knicks momentum. I was surprised he played as many minutes as he did. Think about it. Right. He played more minutes than Kat. I, You know, I've never seen a guy as petrified going to the line. I mean, you would think that that's his, that's his last meal. You think they actually execute come out? He don't want that ball. He No, he's about to get out. He can't. And it's smart for what? And this is what I love about the Pacers. Look how smart they play. Yeah. Look what they did and then a key stretch there. Robinson was in the game and they came in and they filed him and The momentum.


Smart smart teams. Yeah. Smart teams do that. Oh, you guys played football, You know what momentum is? Oh, absolutely. Funny. If you, you either have it or you don't. If you don't have it, all of a sudden you are lucky your ass out. And this is the, that's why I think the Knicks right now are pretty much that way. Yeah. I'm surprised that Mitchell Robinson played as many minutes. He played the same amount of minutes as Josh Harts, he played one more minute more than Kat Miles, McBride played 25 minutes and they only played eight guys. And you go look at, you go look at the Pacers, they played 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. They played 11 guys. Yeah. That yeah. I mean, you see, yeah, that's, that's the race, which is so funny.


There are about six guys over there on that bench. They scored about as many points as I did tonight. I mean they, they, they might as well be here with me because, because those guys were never involved in the game. Oh. So You know how it is. Sometimes you have guys who are real players and some guys you can have who are perpetrators. Some guys know when the big games happen. I, I've saw, I've seen you, I've saw Shannon played before and in the big games, hey, you look, you're stepping up. But then there's some guys in the big games, they don't wanna be, they don't want that ball, but they don't want get found


Every year. Brands pour $32.5 billion into influencer marketing and most still have no idea if it's working. If you're tired of chasing likes and guessing at results, it's time for Jive PR and digital. We're the agency that turns influencer engagement into real measurable sales. Our clients see a 50% lower cost per acquisition than with traditional ads. And every dollar is tracked from first impression to final sale. No more wasted budgets, no more guessing. Head to jive pr digital.com to see if your brand is a fit


In honor of military appreciation month. Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade-in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 0.9 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% a PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms apply.


I'm Michael Cassin, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming, how she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Yeah. So what, what, what do you, what do you think, what do you think TIV does? I mean, you, there's only only five or six or six or seven players like UNC said that actually play. Does he, does he change up the lineup? Does he add, allow people to play so you can get those two or three points that you might need that can help you down a stretch? Yeah. Tims isn't like that. Tims was in Boston with Paul Pearson, that group, and they go with rotation and he's solid. This is the people who got him there, this is what he's done and these are the people he's gonna go with. Me, me, I'm, I'm looking over there that Celtic at the roster and I'm looking at the Knicks and I'm up trying to think right now, I think why are some of those knick, You know, old school cla fire, they on the floor, right?


I mean I look at some of them guys. I was like, damn, why, why is that dude right there on the floor? Maybe he should get grab one of those guys. My good buddy be Bernard King's there. He could score some points, but Right. Nah, burn dog. Burn dog knees bad. Nah, nah, He, Hey, hey car brand. You know, burn dog knees was bad when he was 29, 30. You know, they shot that at 65. I saw him walking down the arena. I was like, damn man, I've got back. And, and I hated them as a player too, but I really felt bad when I saw seeing, seeing some of the things right now that happened. But the Knicks, they're gonna have to find a formula or gonna have to grab one of those guys at the end of the bench and try to get a spark.


Tibs is gonna have to change what he does because what he's doing right now with the two games, you're close that you guys know close comes in horseshoes and nuclear war. That's the only, that's the only way horse close comes in. And I just don't think that this team right now Yeah. Has enough at the end of the day going in. It's like when I saw you look at the stat sheet before we came on, You know, Shannon, you were looking down like somebody had just on the stat, You know, I said, dude, what's wrong? Yeah. And, and but if you notice, look at the teams that have deep benches. Look at KC look how many people, look how many people Minnesota play.


You see OKC playing 10, 11 people Indiana playing 10, 11 people. You burn 'em out because Tibs played those guys heavy minutes in the regular season. So you could imagine now they went, they, now they had a short series with Boston, but they had a very long series with, with with Detroit. And they had to play heavy minutes even though it was a short series, they played heavy minutes. And so now you come And physical, physical minutes. Yeah. Yes. That's, that's the thing you talk about, you add physicality in with, with long minutes, man, that doubles the output of what you're talking about being physical And there's something called expectations.


So you see the Knicks didn't have these expectations when they played Boston. Right. Boston was the prohibitive haven. Now how does it feel? You are no longer the hunter. You're the hunted It. Yeah. All as they say my, when we playing all funny games until the damn rabbit gets the damn gun. That's how, yeah, that's how it goes out. So I look at this team and the Knicks, were they, they played well, Detroit had a chance to beat them. Boston. They did. Boston had a chance to beat them, but they played well enough that they won. Now, as you said, they are, they, they are the darlings of the city right now. Yeah. The darlings of the city. So now the expectations you talk about is on some of these guys' shoulder and it looks like it might just be a little heavy, right?


First time going to the N NBA at finals and since what, 25 and a quarter century. Oh, everybody's talking about that. Oh man, this might be our chance to get our first championship in 50 plus years. Everybody's looking at that. And so you looking, you looking past ended. Oh, like Andy's looking at it like hell, this our first chance to go to the N NBA finals in in 20 plus years too. What? We ain't never won One. You're right. I love the look on John Stark's face today. I was like just, he was just crippled over and these were the same guys and your guy, Bernard Keith text me after the game that the next one, first two text me and said, keep your head up big fella.


You gotta be, You rubbing it, you rubbing it in Clean up or it makes you laugh, makes you cry sometimes. It absolutely will. The, all the N NBA at teams were just announced on the first team, all N NBA at Giannis onto Kupo, Shea, Gils, Alexander, Nicola Yoic, Donovan Mitchell, Jason Tatum. Any surprises there? No, I think those guys, to me Tatum was great. Shaa was the mv and you can look at Yoic is Yoic right now. Maybe the best, maybe the best player that one of the best players we've seen at that position now. And, and no offense, I I love Kareem, I love Kareem, I love what Will, but when you look at Yoic his body of work, what did he's able to do?


Yeah, he, he said he's turned into a monster officer. Well, I thought you was about to say maybe he's the best player in the game. I could say you could drop that maybe. Oh yeah, No, He's, he is the best player. Yeah. Now he's working on Mo when he's done, the question is where do we put it? Because You mentioned, you mentioned Shaq, you mentioned Russell, you mentioned Will, you mentioned Kareem. Okay, Eli one, Moses, whatever the case may be. I'm just named six guys who many believe are six of the best senator to ever play the game. David Robinson, wherever the case may be. When it's all said and done, where are we going to put Nicole Yoki? This Is why I will change it. Yoic, he is the best player right now, but what he doesn't do, he doesn't control the defensive end.


That's what made, that's what made Elijah won to me. And I played with, Oh he is the best. Eli's the best defensive center Ever. The greatest player ever to play the game is Akeem Ola one. Let me tell you why, because he did it on both ends, right? Michael controls his man defensively, his man, but Akeem controlled the game on both ends of the floor like nobody else has ever done. Both ends, not one end. Russell controlled it on the defensive end, You know, wil it on the offense a bit. You look all the other, but you look at Elijah one, there is nobody like that. That young African that I played with that was, I thought he was killing Lion the way he played.


He was a he was, He was, he was special. He was, he was special. 'cause like you said, he could do it all. He hey, the fade away, he had the drop step. He had the moves. Ah man, hey fake here. And next thing You know, he's dunking it over there. I mean, and the defensive end. But, But, but that's right. And then and defensive that he is blocking shots. He used to let the league, he was leading the league and still he's one of the few guys in the N NBA at History that had a quadruple though, right? Quadruple though. You remember the first one that they had corn bread, he had it and they ended up taking a rebound away from him. So he didn't get it. He came back the next night, two nights later and got another one. I'm gonna do it. I'm, You know what, take it from me.


I'm gonna show you how to get it done again. Yes. Yeah. The second team, all NBA team, Jalen Brunson, Steph Curry and Edwards, LeBron James, Evan Mobley, you remember re the way they used to do it, they used to take two cards. They used to take a center and, and small and a big, now they say it's, it's Positionless. You might have five guards be all First team, all N NBA at you might have five bigs be first team all NBA. Because if you look, you basically got, you got three, three guards with Brunson, Curry and Antman. And then you get basically got, You know, two Fords, LeBron and Evan Mobley. The game has, the game has changed.


From what I knew in my my era, You know, I had won three for my entire career. I look at Steph Curry right now, Steph Curry, as much as I, You know, think about him. He changed the game. Yeah, he has changed the game. I talked to his dad and I said, man, I your your son. I hate the fact he's changed the game. He's destroyed the N NBA at the way. And his dad said, You know what, there are a lot of shot takers but not a lot of shot makers. And when you think about that boy, his quick release, his handling of the basketball, I didn't see it coming. I asked his dad and I said, did you see him being that good, his dad? I said, no, I, I didn't see this. So the second team you, you picked up, I Think you could, You know, could easily say that that qualifies Chad hungry for the guy I might wanna put in there because of the, the record that Minnesota had, right?


That might have. But they did have another guy to make it. The third team, all NBA selection was Cade Cunningham because he was an all N NBA at selection. He gets another $45 million added to his max contract that he signed last off season. Ocho Tyree Halliburton, okay. James Harden, Kat, Carl Anthony Towns. And last but not least, Jalen Williams. So OKC did have two guys to make the all N NBA at team. And remember Lou Dot made the all defensive team, so they got three guys that's on a, that's an all N NBA at selection two on basically the offensive side. The other two on the other one on the defensive Side. Here's the thing that I, I, I love about that, but I'm an eight is the fact the N NBA at rules, yeah, salary caps is going to destroy that particular team.


'cause you can't keep that team together. No, No, no, no, no, no, no, No. Okay. C so you're gonna make it so that, You know, I love super teams. I didn't like the Lakers when they're winning, obviously. But lovers, I love the bulls. You know, I I love the, the dominant teams like that. But You know now because you have the salary cap structures and, and the aprons that they talked about, OKC is not gonna have all those guys. They're gonna have, They made it cost prohibitive. They didn't want any more super teams anymore. Why? Why you love super teams. But They've, but see that's what I tell people. See 'cause a lot of times they tell, oh LeBron, did I say they're always super teams? What the hell do you think the Lakers were? What do you think the Celtics were in the eighties?


Right? They were a super team. You talking about bird, ml Parish, dj, they had tiny Archibald one year they had Bill Walton who was the sixth man? I, oh, I got who I got traded for. Oh, bill Walton. Yeah. Damn, that hurt. That hurt. And you got ma and you got magic. Think about it. You got Magic Kareem James worthy. You got Michael Thompson. Yeah, you, you got Jamal. Come on people that was a super team. See, here's the thing, people like if you, if the, if the general manager put a super team together, we're okay with that. We don't want the players to say, well You know what, I like cornbread. Hey man, I like bread too.


And Ocho what you think about going and joint bread over there such and such? No, they don't like that. Nah. But if a team, but if the general manager puts it together, we got no problem with that. Well how do you feel right now, you or Osho feel about what happened in Dallas? Dallas goes away and gets to Rada Luca that I ain't like that big fella. How does that taste to boy, I get rid Luca and then they turn around and they get the kid from Duke. This would definitely be dangerous next year. They are. If they can get healthy and you got Kyrie Irvin coming back, that team could be really dangerous. And to me what it does is pushes the Lakers that much further down. I don't wanna see, I don't wanna, Hey, but lemme ask you this.


The Mavericks do have that first pick. Now there's gonna be a conversation sometime in the coming days between Giannis and Milwaukee's front office. Would you be willing to part with that number on overall draft pick for an opportunity to bring Giannis and pair him with AD and Kyrie when he comes back. Bye bye. First round draft choice. And look, I don't know what Cooper might do, but I know what Giannis is doing. So if I had a chance to do it and reset my program, and if you're Milwaukee, You know you're gonna lose Giannis. Yeah, I go out, I make that tray, I grab some pieces and I get ready for the future.


But You know, in that case, yeah, I, I make that deal all day because we know what Giannis is capable of doing. He's a proven product. Shannon Ocho that's what he's he's a proven Yeah, he's not, he is not a bus rider. He's the damn bus driver. And that's what he looked for. Hold on Conrad, I got a question for you. Yeah. Let's say they get, get rid of Cooper flag, right? Does go to the Bucks. Does Giannis come in and auto automatically, automatically make the Mavs a championship? Cont tenderer? Absolutely. I think, yeah. Yeah. He bring, because one thing he's gonna bring in that physicality. That's something that the MAs have not So you say you get, if you get him, you get Anthony Davis and you get Rie.


Right? Those two guys healthy and putting together being all day. I look at the MAs right now and, and I don't, I don't think I'm hear anybody that knows him, but I say, fire Nico. Fire ni, good luck. Exactly. Luck. Good job, Nico. Good job, Nico. Oh, here's a question I have to ask you though. Since you, You know, you, you're a pretty physical guy. What, what are you gonna go ahead and grab the guy who came to LA and take him out and run him up and down the beach? You you going to go out and grab him? Oh, you, you saw a, you saw him, he been in the gym. He eat his wife preparing good meals for him. You see that? Yeah. You See his body, he's starting to look good. You can, you, You know what, you can prepare a meal with Oliver Miller when he played down in Phoenix, they had, there you go.


And then he was running the fight. He had a ball going and getting them hamburgers who he was gonna play. So, so until I see, until I see him, until I see him in that position, Luca, You know, he has to be in shape and I would he, and look he's around the place where you're gonna get in shape. Yeah. In la the stars, the bodies, LeBron James, the best we've seen right now stand in shape. You are there. I mean I grabbed one of you guys right now and say, man, I give you a million dollars. This take me on a, a program and regimen to get my body in shape. I got you. Okay. Okay. But You know the thank you cornbread, and I tell people this all the time, it's easy to get in shape in the off season.


Yeah. It's like it's in a basketball player. It's getting in late at night at three o'clock in the morning and making the right decisions. And I ain't gonna eat no pizza, I'm not going to eat nothing fast food. I'm not going to eat anything processed. So that's the problem that the guys have. They get out the game and they grab chicken and it's not baked or it's not, You know, it's not roasted Shit. And that's, that's not true. That's not true. I hate, I hate the butcher bubble. But now they have meals prepared for them after. They don't want that. No, A lot of 'em eat. All of them come off the, well a lot of 'em come in on the bus and they have meals which you prepare for 'em. So the the guys don't eat like we did during the eighties, 19, 19 84 playing, getting ready to play the Lakers.


I had a, a big Mac, a a supersized my fry, a large orange soda and this is before the damn game. So that's how we ate during that time. Yeah. Now players have an opportunity. It was, I look at these guys now, they have a, they have a chef in the morning, they have dinner, they have lunch cooked for them, they have dinner after the game. I mean, I don't even know why they get per diem. I mean it, to me it's, it's, it's amazing the way and I love it. I'm not jealous at all. I love the way our players are being taken care of. Ocho we had this conversation, think about it in NFL, they get breakfast prepared for 'em, everything. They get lunch prepared for 'em and they get dinner prepared after they watch.


After they meeting and they take home with 'em. Yeah. How can you be outta shape and with all that state-of-the art equipment they got, they got physio, they got massage therapist, they got cryo, they got infrared cornbread, they got every, I'm talking about state, when I say state of the art. Yeah. I'm talking about 50 and 70 $500 million facilities. Yeah. There is no reason Hold on. But You know, no, everything you just said cornbread too. Everything I just said, they have a state of order everything. They have everything that they need at there. Beck and call. But for some reason, I don't know why more injuries, injuries are more prevalent today. Everyone seems getting hurt. Yeah. Cornbread. I remember back in the day, and matter of fact I'm not too far from you.


I back in the day, we used to play outside when you were young and you go in the house and get your glass of water during the summer. No, what your, what your grandma and your mama told you go drink water holes on the side of the house. Absolutely. You getting hurt back then. I don't understand what the problem is. Old school and I, and, and here's the thing, I look at the Boston Southern have one of the best players around be Jason Tatum. Yeah. The thing I felt like Jason Tatum got hurt. It wasn't because he didn't train hard enough. I just think he played too much basketball. Yeah, he played during the Olympics. He played during the championship. And here's my true belief, if you don't rest your body, your body's gonna rest.


You and I and, and you have the, you you've seen it before when, when you and I played, I know when I played during the eighties when we got through playing, the boys will tell us, man, take three months off. Don't do it. Yeah. We tell Now these guys go year round and unc and old show. I tell you, this is what I hate. I hate the fact that they damn changing jerseys and laughing at each other. Calling. Yeah. Swap that jersey swap. But I hate that. Oh my God. I hate that. I, I hate that. There's nothing I hate more than that. 19 8, 19 83, we are playing, we're playing the 76ers in the exhibition game in Knoxville, Tennessee.


We went and we won the game. We went and got in the restaurant, we went there and ate the, the 76ers got there after us. They saw that we were there. They hated us so bad they left the damn restaurant didn't even eat. That's how pissed off they were. And That Yeah, because in 81 y'all had, they had y'all down three one and y'all came back. You remember that brand? They, they remember Billy, we did watch, watch this. This is how it goes on like this. They did they, I I thought the bo I thought the Boston Strayer Andrew Tony. I thought he, I thought, I thought they had y'all. I thought they had you red. I ain't lie. He he Was, he was, he was absolutely a beast.


He was. And I talked and I talked to, I was talking to a couple of, of the seven Sixers guys, Mo Cheeks in particular. He said, man, I've never played in a more physical series than we had during in the eighties. And those were just great series that if you go back and YouTube 'em, these games won by, everyone was won by one or two points, two points. I think the last last five games we played, the separation was about six points. So yeah, they, they were physical games. I understand it's a different era and I love these guys, but man, the, the money that these guys make now, It shouldn't, it shouldn't be. It should be no issue. Mm. And and I don't know if I've ever seen this before. You had four unanimous selection on the All N NBA at Team Giannis was a unanimous, he got a hundred first place votes.


Shaa was a unanimous a hundred first place votes. Nicola Yoic a hundred first place votes. Jason Tatum a hundred first place votes. Oh. So yeah man, somebody gotta have some balls and break away from that. Please. Ain't nobody could go a hundred percent Shannon, you an oto. No, ain't nobody go a hundred percent of nothing. Come On. Lemme ask you a question. Yeah. Lemme ask you a question. What power forward you giving a vote and taking it from Giannis? Ooh. What guard you taking a vote from and giving it? What guard you? What shay you taking a vote from Shay and giving to somebody else? Okay, what big are you taking a vote from Nico Yoki and giving him to jt?


You know what, when, when you right that damn Shannon, you right. That's all I again can't argue with. I take a sip of the soul. You, you're right. I can't argue with that. Those are points which are valid, but I just don't, it's just hard for me to see a guy get a hundred percent of anything. You and I right. Bird people say this thing like, You know what, I work 110% can't work on your 10%. Can't do it. That's hundred percent. That's all you can get. Wow. That's all you got. A hundred Percent. No, you, you worked. Hundred percent. That's it. Jason Tatum was named all N NBA at first team for the fourth straight year. Cornbread doesn't look like it's gonna be a fifth consecutive year because he's, he's not going.


He went to the same surgeon that did Kevin Durant's. Now if you remember Kevin Durant, it happened in June of 2019. I'm still love Kevin Durant. You know, 2019 rolls around, he doesn't play it. 2020 rolls around, they go into the bubble. He doesn't play. So he took off a toll up, if I'm not mistaken, about 18 months. Now, I'm not saying Jason Tatum's gonna take off that amount of time, but if you look at Kevin Durant, if somebody didn't tell you he had suffered a torn Achilles, you wouldn't know it. No. Yeah, because he picked right back up what he left off. I, I totally agree with you, but here's the difference. Okay? One is age. Jason Tatum is 25, 26, 26.


When, what happened when you think of Kevin when they heard that he was almost 30 something, so yeah, he was Probably was 29, 30. They always said as a broadcaster, I see guys fall down when they're in their 20. I said, oh, he ain't hurt. The damn boat ain't even formed yet. His muscles still form. So I think Tatum, his recovery will probably be easier because he's a yacht lot younger and he doesn't have as many miles. Right. But I'm unlike you, I don't, I don't foresee him coming back, You know, for this coming year. Because I think that if you look at this team, Brads Stevens has an opportunity right now to reset and he's gonna have to reset because of the salary structure. I'm not sure if it's gonna be purchasing PGA ain't coming back.


That's one not coming back. Wow. Wow. You Got, You know that. I know that You got it. Now the question is, are you bringing Derrick White and holiday back because they both got big salaries. What are you gonna do with Al Horford? Okay, you're probably gonna keep J JB because you're gonna be without jt, but I'm not so sure that when JB JT comes back, it's hard having two players making 300 mil


Brands spend $32 billion every year on influencer marketing, yet most still don't know if it's actually working. Are you seeing a positive ROI from your influencer campaigns? Or is your team just tracking mics and follows? At Jive PR and Digital, we turn influencer engagement into real measurable sales. Our clients see a 50% lower cost per acquisition compared to traditional ads. No more wasted budgets, no more guessing. Head to jive pr digital.com to see if your brand is a fit.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming, how she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


JB is a great player. Yeah, but what, but what happened to honest this, what happened this year went with Luca this year. All best are off now. I I totally agree. Anybody can be bull in this league now, You know, don't get too stuck up on being around you might be moved. So in Brad Stevens because he's gonna have the flexibility of winning. He won a championship. Joe Missoula's a great coach. Can Joe Missoula have team right now that is going to probably struggle a little bit coming outta the gate because you don't have that great player. So I I think it's going to be a total reset. I believe it's gonna be a facelift for the Celtics. And then on top of that you have a new, a new orange, a new new regime.


And You know, the, the, he's, he paid six, $6 billion for this 6.1. Yeah. So I mean I know that's chicken change you and your brothers, but You know, for me, yeah, I know it. That's why I thought I can't, I can't, I can't find a dollar and I can't kill one. I'm sorry Brent. I take the, I take the 0.1 you keep seeing man, this gimme me. The 0.1 I ocho I'll be, I'll be happy with that. Hey, But I think the thing is what the te the teams, this Luc Orr it tells me, I don't know what it tells you Ocho I'll be interested to hear with you and Brent think Yeah. Is that teams like y'all. We're not fitting to let y'all, the great players hold us hostage.


We'll move your ass because y'all had too much power. I mean, don't get me wrong. Superstars had some power. They've never had the kind of control that these guys got. Right. I heard bird talking. Bird said they didn't run nothing by me. I, hey, I just, hey, I go in the locker room and I got a new teammate. They ain't ask me Nah that hold on a minute. That's a lie. I gotta get it outta here. And I get it outta about Joe. And I Love, I love Larry. But when I got traded in 19 85, 86 with Bill Walton, they ran that by Larry And he signed off on it, And he signed off on it. Ah, Brad. Damn. I'm sorry to Hear that. So I'm not, I'm not believing you, you're saying a lot of stuff, but players players didn't have a little bit of power.


Right. But now they have so much more because they are a commodity. They are. This is, this is a, a Fortune 500 when you get one guy right now. So, I mean, their ability to control games, to manipulate teams, te teams bend over backwards. You know, you on the road right now, You know, when I, I was in the NBA at, we had to wash your own row uniforms my first couple years. Damn. Oh yeah. So, yeah. Well, and Charles, You know what Charles Barkley said that Yeah, Guys would go on a two week road trip and there was some guy who was so nasty they wouldn't even wash the uniform. You would grab that uniform and you could throw up, up, throw it out on the floor, and it would stand up by Stand up on the Yep.


That's, that's how I seen them like that. He like, you ain't going out. Who, why would you wanna guard that smelly guy right there? So, I mean, it was a, a different time. I appreciate what the teams are doing. I appreciate the players. They are tremendous athletes. But I tell you what, I would, I'd be hard pressed to find some guys right now as you talk about, and I all that smoke, they, they don't want these. They, they, they ain't looking. They, they come in and they talk a lot, but none of those guys want that Smoke. No, but see, back then, a, you could be talking all kind of crazy to somebody. They swing on you back in the, but You know, back then you wasn't getting five or 5,000. Now they put a five on you. Now you might lose a million, $2 million corn bread. They, this guy say no.


Whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. What, what's the million dollars to guy making a 70, $80 million? What's that? I, I, I ain't giving away no money. I know you, I know you're not, but I'm just talking the way the league is now. How many times we seen Draymond get Draymond get fired? He's been fined over a couple million dollars, a couple of million. He's giving money back. So, so guys aren't afraid now when you start talking about that money, but I don't think no guys want to fight ocho. I don't, no, ain't nobody want to fight no more. Ain't nobody want, they don't wanna fight. Mm. Because we, we started sharing, we started Shannon at the Laker game, I think. There you go, Brent. There you go. I ain't want no smoke. I ain't want no smoke. I didn't You, you, you No, no, no.


When you walk, when you take a point on the floor and instead pointing to a guy. Yeah, Ocho, come on now you Nah, I, I looked down. I'm like, I ain't on the court. I make sure I wasn't on the court. I ain't do, I ain't do what Halle daddy did. I ain't run up on the court, nobody. You know what I'm saying? Ocho Let ask you a question, man. Ocho ocho didn't even want something that smoke. He, he wanted that smoke, bro. Yeah. I, Hey, smoke was coming out, his ears going red. I ain't Want nothing ready. You know, look how I was dressed. Don't yo man, I had a $4,000 Carni get on. I was, You know, I was like, hey, I ain't want nothing. Well, you had a, what? You know, little carni get little. So I had on, You know, okay, What I ain't want, You know what your, your, your grandma's flipping right now in, in, in, up in heaven talking about he got a 4,000.


You so many stories about how much money you guys didn't have, and now you're talking about you were, had had a cardigan for 4,000, Thousand thousand. Yeah. We, Hey, hey, corre, you from the south, You know, it wasn't money, money wasn't flowing like it is now. Couldn't, couldn't do it at all. My, my father would grab my gra my father would gimme a dollar and he asked me next week, didn't I give you a dollar last week? I was like, damn, How long you think that dollar gonna last? So it is a different thing. Lemme ask you this cornbread, tell me how impressive you think this is. LeBron James made his 21st all NBA team at the age of 40.


And this is what he tweeted. He said, all N NBA at at 40 low key. Crazy to me right now sitting here watching the playoffs and just thinking about it, blessed beyond. I can't even imagine. Absolutely. How impressive you, do you think we'll see another player like LeBron? No, no, no. Not, not because the, the genetics, the circumstances, all the stuff, the will to win the work Ethic. That's What, that's what makes him to me, the goat. When I start thinking about, oh, I know you turned your head when I said that you Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Like that. Go, go ahead. Talk about go ahead. Talk about, I'm gonna sit back. I'm just gonna listen. Go Ahead. Only reason I say that is because of what he's done over this whole period of time. The number of points everybody talks about his losses and the playoffs.


Well, he got there. Don't, don't, don't forget this wrong, but Michael Jordan, his first couple years got swept, swept, didn't win, didn't win a game. So I think that the goat conversation to me is really different. But I am a huge fan of who LeBron is and what he's done on and off the court. But at this age right now, to be relevant in the N NBA at just be damn relevant is already right. Always just crazy. Alright. This is what Mike Wilbon had to say earlier. We know who Mike Willbon is. He says, I'm not going to sit here and say that LeBron James has to be considered better than Magic Johnson. That's garbage. I'm not going to say LeBron James has to be considered better than Bill Russell.


That's garbage. I'm not going to sit here and say LeBron James has to be considered better than Kobe Bryant. That's garbage. LeBron James is one of the greatest players of all time in all team sports. I'm sorry if that's not good enough. Turn the page, get over yourself. In other words, I'm not going to proclaim and support and wave LeBron James flag for greatness, but if I say he's less than number two, that's not good enough for you to hell with you. Well, I mean, if you're not gonna say so, why would you say he's number two? If you're not gonna say he the greatest? Yeah. If you're not gonna say he's he's better than those guys that you mentioned, why would you even say anything about him being number two? Yeah. I I, You know, I think that people like to say, because you're in the conversation you made one of the best points I think I've ever heard when you did your Hall of Fame speech, when you talk about, You know, your brother, right?


And, and that, and, and I'm not a tearful person and I don't like you, I didn't like you that way. But when you said that I am not the greatest player in my household, that to me told me who you were as a person because of Mike, because of what LeBron James has done the way he's been brought up, You know, mother, mother doesn't know his father, what he's done, how he's educated himself. I, I look at the totality of who that man is and what he's done on the basketball horizon. He's playing, they, they guys right now who's playing Will who, he's 20, 25 years older.


He old to be their dad. Crazy. Yeah, he, well, we ain't gonna say he is they daddy, but we, we just, we let that go. The DNA test might be out there. One thing, who knows? Hey, you, You know what's funny though, uncle Corn red. When you, when you think about it, I think about the conversation when it comes to the greats, when it, when it comes to sports, two greats like this in basketball, you talk about football, you come to the greats, you talk about Tom Brady's and your, your Steve Youngs and your pet Mahomes, unc, the Jordan LeBron conversation to me is one that will never end. Nope. That's based on preference on who someone likes. And I think the conversation in itself is something that will continue to go on and on and on.


It will have a never ending story because there's so many variables that go into it and what people to them makes that individual there go. Yeah. I think it's like one of those things that I personally would stay away from because it's a never ending debate when you, it's like three things that I've always stayed away from when it comes to being on a certain platform or any platform for that matter, because it's never ending race, religion, politics, and politics. Oh, it's, it's a, it's never ending. And it can go on and on and depending on who you talk to, you could be there for 24 hours because there will always be something to discuss and something, something to talk about. And that, that, that LeBron, the LeBron Jordan debate man is, is, is just one that just, but, but here he'll never see the light of day here.


Here's the beauty about that. That he's in the conversation. That he's in the conversation. If you are one of the top, one of the top five players that ever to play the game, period, that's enough for me. I don't need no more than that. You don't need to. But whoever the best da, no, he's one of the top guys to ever lace his shoes up. Although, Although he is the Laker now, and I hate him because of that. I hate him because of that. I, I still respect him because of just like magic Joss. I don't like magic, but I respect him for what he's done for, You know, the people in the black, people in the communities, what he's done for the people who have aids, for entrepreneurs, all that stuff.


I respect him for that. Now, if he, if I would do this, if I wouldn't give him, I wouldn't give him a glass of, if, if he was on fire, I wouldn't pour the guard on. I drink it because that's how hate that. I just hate, look, it's easy to say that because I think Michael, I think Will Bond does have a great relationship with Jordan because I've heard him have other takes on other being the greatest, when he talks about boxers and he talks about Ali and he other sports that he said that he feels very comfortable saying this, but it just so happens this discussion that he's not gonna say that that's His boy. Come on. Okay. That's his Boy. Oh, okay. I just, I'm just saying because I've heard him have other discussions like where he had no problem.


I know Michael Wilborn, but that's his boy. Mike is his boy Mike in Chicago. Mike Michael Wilborn in Chicago. You can't go against that man. And I get it. Yeah. Say that. Yeah. Yeah. Because a lot of times when people ask me a question, look man, I'm biased. Yeah. I played with John Elway, so I, y'all want me to say No, come on now. Y my brother, I, I'm in certain situations I'm biased. I'm not gonna be able to, I can't separate it. Right. Most of the time I can't. I can be objective, but in this situation, when I'm talking about a family or something like that, I'm biased. No, I, I I can't separate the Two. Well, I, I walked in the room my first year, my second year in the league, I was averaging 18 and 10. There was a white guy that came on the court for our first practice and I gave him a, a clap like this great white hope.


And it was Larry Joe Bird. Let me tell you what, by the time that practice ended, I went to the first black person I could see, I said, You know what a damn white guy can play down there. So I, I learned the thing. You don't judge a book by his cover. You really don't. And, and You know, God's a funny guy. God doesn't gimme one, but God gives me the two best white players ever to play together in Bird and Mcha. And I dare say I might have the white, the best white team ever. When I think about, if I got those two and I put Ka check in there, I put Dave Cowers in there, I put Pete Marbridge in there, all white team.


I got it, I got it. Now hands pat in basketball. So, so I, I was prejudice as a player, but my God, those guys could play the game at a high level. You want us to Talk about this? Michael Beasley also chimed in on the Jordan LeBron debate with Jordan. They don't talk about negativity, but with LeBron, we watch his good, his bad. We watch his ups, his downs, and he is been so great. We don't have anything else to say. So we talk about his son. Well, here's the thing. During his era, there wasn't social media like it is now. Oh yeah. That's the kicker. Unc You know, you and you and no joke, You know how social media is Absolutely him All over the paper, social media, you done never read about some of the things that some of the people have done and said, a social media has changed the landscape for any athlete out.


And if you don't understand it, then you are a fool out there. I said that, I mean, Joe Ola said, I wanna insulate Jason Tatum. I said, Joe, you can't. He said what? I said, because of social media, that man got five, six, 7 million people following him every time he's doing every commercial out there. God bless. But you cannot have the good without the bad and people forth on that because social media is so big now. It absolutely is. And, and Jordan said it, but say he don't know how he could have handled social media. 'cause think about how he's done, You know how he's been able to, to sculpt his life now. He's been in a bubble from the first, from 84. I mean, he doesn't know what it's like to have a normal life.


Yeah. He can't go anywhere. He can't go to the movies. He gotta rent the whole movie theater out. He can't go to the, he can't, couldn't take his kids to the skating rink. He had take the rent the whole skating rink out. Yeah. So LeBron is the same way. I mean, LeBron moves a little bit more freely than Jordan. I mean, 'cause you really never saw Jordan at events. Like, like what you see LeBron going to a high school basketball game or pulling up at a college game. Right. It's just so hard for him to, for, to be, I wouldn't, I wouldn't love LeBron. LeBron loves the social media. He dictates and he acts in a way that he is able to orchestrate some of the things with the social media. That doesn't happen.


When you talk about LeBron, when you talk about what happened on, with Jordan, Jordan was looked at as this guy. And from then on, he didn't worry about it. You said then, and then you saw how he was exposed when it was the last dance. Yes. I had Robert Harris on my podcast. He said, he said, let me tell you right now, he said, Michael Jordan's a damn bullet. He said, I played, we played him. And, and I was on his team that time and we beat him. And then after the game, he said they were in the locker room. He said Michael was standing there and he said, Michael, hay, like the mask kickers we gave today. And Michael said, if you keep talking, I'll kick your ass. Well, my buddy Rob, Robert Paris, said, look, you and nobody else said, Robert walked up to him and said, You know what, I got rings already before I got here.


So there was some exposure to who Michael Jordan was as a player. I admire him. He's from North Carolina, from Wilmington, right down the street from my hometown in Kinston. I understand who he is, but nobody would've ever thought that we would've had a guy that would become that big, that big in basketball. I, and I played with the birds, I played with magic. But none of those guys would ever rank what Jordan has done. No. From a standpoint of being on that route, Mount Rushmore, except maybe LeBron James. The shoe, because cornbread, you remember like guys had shoes like Moses Malone and Iceman. They wore Nike. Nike wasn't that big back in the late seventies, early eighties until Jordan took it over.


And then you had the weapons, the cons, bird, water, cons, magic, water, cons. Dr. J made the con really famous. But when they retired, okay, the shoot went away. Anybody wasn't nobody else rocking the weapons and the Jordan, the, the birds and the magic and Doc, but Jordan, Jordan ain Dr. A basketball in 25 years. Yeah. And he still got the number one selling shoe. You right about that. And people say that right now about his, his ex-wife. Juanita, how the hell do you try to go date her when you walking up in his shoes? How you, Hey baby, how you doing? Whoa. What You got on your Whoa, whoa. Take your shoes off. You'll come before you come here. So, man, you guys, You know what, let me tell you this before I go.


You guys have been brilliant. I am so appreciative of being on your show. I can't wait to come back and thank you, bro. And I see when I see you, two young black men working and doing what you've done, man to me, I just look, you, you, you're young, you're black, you get brilliant and, and, and always remember who you are. And that's why I love both of you guys so corporate. I appreciate that man. Thanks. Coming on, man. Thank you. When you get a little, when you get another moment, stop back by. 'cause probably when you come back by the Lakers probably be having, Hey Ojo, we spent like 20 minutes trying to get him sit up with the camera, talking to him and his wife talking it through it, right? So he had his camera on, he, he'd been on there for like an hour.


He, he was just, wait, he, he wait. So he'd been there for an hour. That was the cornbread Maxwell, the 1981 finals, MVP over the Houston Rockets, where they had Moses Malone on that team. I'm trying to think of all the players that they had on that team. I think they had, who else was on that Team? Moses Malone. I'm trying to think. I don't think Rodney McCrae was on that team yet. I think that he was on the 86 team, but the Celtics beat them in six games. But yeah, it was great to have cornbread on, man. I I, I, I, I know, I mean, like I said, I used to follow the Boston Celtics. That was my team.


Glad Bird was my guy and it was great to have cornbread on. So cornbread, when you get a chance, stop back by The volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant? The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man to per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


Brands spend $32 billion every year on influencer marketing, yet most still don't know if it's actually working. Are you seeing a positive ROI from your influencer campaigns or is your team just tracking mics and follows? At Jive PR and Digital, we turn influencer engagement into real, measurable sales. Our clients see a 50% lower cost per acquisition compared to traditional ads. No more wasted budgets, no more guessing. Head to jive pr digital.com to see if your brand is a fit.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Su, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You are listening to an iHeart podcast.