
This is an iHeart podcast.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus Preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite Check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint, and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


The volume According to Mayor Eric Adams and the New York City Economic Development Corporation, if the Knicks played the maximum number of home and the conference finals and NBA finals, those matchups could generate up to $832 million in economic impact across the five boroughs. So far, the Knicks has hosted more than a handful of games at MSG, drawing crowds against Detroit, Boston, and Indiana.


Those games have already sparked an estimated 195 million local spending from ticket sales and restaurant hotel in transit. Looking ahead, each additional home playoff game is expected to pump a number 91 million into the city. Amazing. Huh? It's amazing. It's amazing how that works. Now, I'm not sure what's gonna happen in this series, because you imagine the Knicks in the finals what it would do for that city economically. Oh my goodness. From a business standpoint, man, I mean, I don't see the paces relinquishing, You know, or, or making it easy, but man, I'm, I'm just, I'm looking at it.


The big market that New York is. Yes. They have been once since what, 73 3. It'd be nice. It'd be nice. And I'm not even a Knick fan. I'm just saying it, it would be nice. It would be very nice. But, You know, Hey, what they charge in hotel rooms in a New York City? What I I know the, I know the price is gonna skyrocketed because it's the playoffs Higher than draft. Hoo-ha. Because I mean, a typical room, I mean, it is like that with everything ocho Yeah. Oh, I mean, You know, I mean, look at the city. When you go for the Super Bowl, a room that would normally cost you 500, they want 1500 to 2000.


Yeah. And, and it's a four night minimum. Three night minimum. Because you get it Thursday night, Friday night, Saturday. No, four nights night. Yeah, because it go Thursday night, Friday night, Saturday night, Sunday night. So they make you do a four night minimum. Mm. And a room that costs you 400, 9 15 to 2000. Yeah. A suite that normally cost you 2000 is five to 8,000 food breakfast that normally cost you breakfast that would normally cost you $70. Now all of a sudden you got eight eggs. $30. Really? Five. Wait. Five to 8,000 for a sweet. Yeah. A sweet. That normally would cost you 2000. Man, please. All I need is, all I need is a bed.


I need a bed and the tv. Well, guess what? That's 1500 Man. That's 1500. Man. I'm speaking of money. I met, I met a pilot. I met a pilot tonight. I went to a Caribbean festival. Jamaican artist by the name of Alkaline was performing. It was a great, great, great, great event. And I talked to a pilot and I, he talked to me. He said, You know, I watched the show. He watch his Nightcap. Okay, yeah, I know you fly spear, but I just want you to let You know I'm a pilot and if at any point you wanna travel, I said, man, listen man, this, that ain't what I do. That's not what I do. And he say, listen, I got deals for you.


I say, well, the only place I will travel on a private jet if the pricing, if the price point is, is of a decent amount, Dr. Jamaica, and it has to be me and my kids, especially for if I'm doing anything private. That's something they have to experience. Right. He gave me, You know, roundabout price, said, You know, I can do, You know, the DR of Jamaica, 7,000? I said 7,000. That's it. And I started calculating and I said, well, hell, I owe, I'm 5,200 and you just throw another, You know, you throwing another 2000 on that. And so I'm, I'm thinking about surprising the kids. You know, When you a surprise unc, surprise Unc. I, I'm just saying, I'm, look, I got you baby. I got you.


I promise you, I promise you. But Y'all see how this man doing, this man, this man doing, I'm, I'm just thinking out loud about just doing something nice for a kid. 'cause This man on Broadway, this man got a whole play guard in my face, Jordan. This man played, man, 2028. He already got 20, 28, man. And he playing it in my face. I'm just, no, I'm not playing. I I didn't even do it. No, I'm not, I wouldn't do anything like that. Gimme Me a fact that you thinking about doing it. Yeah. It's for my kids. Don't you? Don't you want my kids to be able to experience it, know what it's like to fly private. I Want, don't you want my kids to know my, my daughter calling? She want this purse. Okay. I said, well, You know, if OCHO pay me about my 5,900 baby, I might be able to do something. But, but okay. You know, I got Listen, whatever kind of purse you need.


And I, You know, I, I know the PI know the people now. I Got damn what you call 'em? My son. I just got, got a grand, got a new granddaughter. For, For real? Yeah. Oh, congratulations. Congratulations. Yeah, I like that. I like That you kept the caves alive. Kennedy. Okay. Okay. Okay. I like it. I like it. Kennedy. You know I got a Kennedy, do you? Yeah. My Kennedy, yeah. She nine. She nine. I got a Kennedy. Yeah. Shoot. I feel my you got a, I got shoot every alphabet. Oh yeah. Every level of alphabet. I got a child. Yeah, no, I, they, they, so far he, he, he kept Kayden. I got Kayden and Kennedy. So go see what the girls do when it's that time for them to get married and, and have a family.


I just want to, Yeah, But I sure wish I had that 5,900. Ain't no tell what I could do. Yeah. I listen, I'm, You know, it's, it's going to a good cause now I'm gonna give your money. I'm just saying in general. In general, I just, I just need to get my affairs in order over here, You know, at, at home. You know, I had to, You know, You know, get myself together over here. Oh, ocho, oh, the NF NFL has a unanimously approved for its players to participate in Flag Football when the sports makes its debut in 2028, summer Olympics. But not everyone is looking forward to NFL vs. Competing on the national stage. Quarterback Darl Whoosh. Doucette Yeah. Has led the US national team for four global championships and has emerges one of the biggest ambassadors for the sport.


Whoosh hopes he and fellow flag footballers get a fair chance to make the 10 man roster. The flag guys deserve their opportunity. That's all we want. We felt like we worked hard to get the sport where it's at. And then when the NF NFL guys spoke about it, it was like we're getting kicked to the side. I felt like, hmm. I was a guy who could speak out for my peers, for my brothers. That's been working hard to get to this level for us not to be forgot. I agree 1000% with It. Remember I told you Yes. First came out, I mean, a few shows ago, and I talked about NFL players getting the opportunity to play in a, in Yes. The owners agreeing. It's okay. I still think, and I, I I can stand on this. When it comes to do set and those young fellas that play Flag Football for a living that know all the nuances and the mannerisms on how that game operates, they could beat the NF NFL squad.


I'm talking about our best players, our best 10 against their best 10 that do it for a living against those that play in the NF NFL for a living. Yeah. The Flag Football team will win because they know the game. They know how to manipulate. Thank you. They know how to take it into the game based on the rules that the NF NFL players don't know much about. Right. It's different. And I said, I'm hoping even though it's a 10 man roster, I would hope it's more than that. So those that actually play the game of Flag Football get the opportunity to shine as well. So hot talk. So what, so what are they gonna do ocho? So are are, are they gonna, are these guys gonna do anything? Are they gonna start like playing in the off season playing Flag Football or they just gonna show up at 28 talking about, oh yeah, we got NF NFL players and we just gonna put them on the team.


My point exactly that and now just doing that is also a di a disservice to the game. Yes. It, it does. That does Just 'cause you got a big name that doesn't, that doesn't mean we, and It doesn't mean your game And it makes, it looks even worse if you send all those big names over there and they get their ass whipped. Which Is, which is what will pro Which is going more than likely happen. Exactly. Which is why you need those that actually do it. Understand the game and know the game. And then You know how you can sprinkle in your pieces of, of, of NF NFL players that can go out there and athletically be a little bit better than everybody else. But again, those that know the rules will always have an advantage. And he's led him to the quarterback has led him to four global championships. Four. I mean, well damn Nice. He nice too now he nice.


Yeah. I played against him. He years ago, I forgot what we were, I played against him years ago. Oh, he nice. The whole squad he was playing. But he from New Orleans too, if I'm not mistaken. He nice. Yeah. I, You know, I can see if it was tackle football, ocho Well That's different. And the NF NFL want to put some of their guys kinda like basketball. See basketball is basketball. So when David Stern says, You know what, we're gonna get the, the, we going to make it this a global game and we're gonna take out 10, 12 best players and we're gonna let you showcase them. I get that. But there's no correlation between NFL and Flag Football.


NF NFL doesn't have a Flag Football team. Right. So to try to take the game globally, I thought that's what you was doing these, these, these international games for going to Brazil, going to London, going to all these different places. I thought that's what that was about. Let these people have, let these people have this. Damn. Yeah. The funny thing about when I think people, people, especially in the chat are people that's obviously watching, they're probably gonna see these clips when you think about Flag Football, they probably think it's, oh, you just pull the flags. Oh, our players are so fast. But when it comes to the game of competitive, that's the key word, competitive Flag Football with elites that do it for a living, they will annihilate NFL players. Yes. Well, annihilate all the, you can manipulate the game in so many ways offensively.


It's like, oh, it's crazy. The rules that go into it. And at what point will the N NFL and Just like flag, I mean you wouldn't ask anybody for Flag Football. Like, oh yeah, I hope they give us a chance to make the team. No, you ain't been playing NF NFL football. You ain't been playing tackle football. Yeah. Just like these guys that's playing tackle football hadn't played Flag Football since they left elementary school. Nah. Because that's Let bro, you getting enough shine you in the NF NFL. Let these people have this moment. I, I hope, I hope, I hope they get an opportunity though. I hope they do Hope you're let them people have that moment. OCHO Yeah guys, you making 30, 20, $30 billion these guys, I mean they, the little bit of money that they making, let them have a moment.


Damn. I think I'm, I'm, I guarantee you they, they'll be a part, they'll be a part of it. They'll be a part of it, You know, it's okay for them not to be, it's okay if they're not. Yeah. It really, it really is. Yeah. I, You know, and I, You know, I Mean, lemme ask you a question. You are gonna watch it whether NF NFL participated or not. Yeah. Are you more apt to watch it now? No, I'm Watching it anyway. Hey, Thank you. Yeah, absolutely. That's my point. Yeah. I don't, I don't think people, You know, and I don't like the fact that they just think, oh, it's Flag Football. It ain't just Flag Football, it's competitive Flag Football.


There's a huge difference. It's a huge difference. Someone said the solution is very simple. The national Flag Football team versus the NFL Flag Football team in the Coliseum Coliseum on July 4th, 2027. Winner goes to the Olympics. Well, well, hell, well, the Flag Football team would be going to the Olympics. Yeah. You can't just throw somebody out effect to go weird. I'm, and I, I'm telling you, I'm telling you with the best NF NFL players, pat Mahomes, the quarterback chasing Justin net receiver quarterback Or Lamar Jackson, that quarterback probably Lamar. Yeah. Okay. Lamar quarterback, they're going to lose to do set and whatever team he comes up with, whatever 10 they have, I guarantee you and I put one of my savings accounts on it, just hypothetically speaking, I'm, I'm telling you.


And, and if people look at people, look at Lamar Jackson, what he's able to do on the NF NFL field on a Sunday, or what Jamar Chase Triple Crown winner does on a Sunday or Justin Jefferson who can't beat Cup man. It's different. It's very different. And this is coming Oh, Joe. Yeah. Each NF NFL team's S GOAT, can you see that right there? They got each NFL team's goal. I think fan dude did that. Yeah. Matter Of fact, I saw this earlier. Hold on, let me, Do you got any objections? Hold on. Hey Ash. Ash, if you could hear me, can you text that to my phone? My, my eyes are, my eyes are bad. I, I I like this.


Somebody sent it to me earlier too, but I was, I was at the concert so I wasn't able to, Ash heard me. Yeah, she sent it to you. How long it's coming. I like, I like, I like, I like stuff like this too. Mean You, you have any objections based on what you see so far? Okay, there we go. I got it now. Larry Drill. Absolutely. The Matt Ryan, I would've loved to put Julio Jones there instead. But would it be Matt Ryan? I totally understand the quarterback Ravens Ray Lewis.


Of Course. That's a, well, IIII don't know when it's all said and done if it might not be Lamar. Lamar, okay. Yeah. When it's all said and done, yeah, probably. But you gotta understand Ray Ray Ray gave you two Super Bowls now, gave Two Super Bowls, two times defensive player of the year. Yeah. He's, he's, he's universally regarded as the best middle linebacker to ever played the game. I was very fortunate to play with him for two years and know what he put in it to become what he became. So I ain't got no problem with that. Yeah. Brucey, I played against Brucey about Buffalo. Yeah. Jim, I mean, I think for the, for the bills, it could have, it could have gone two ways. It could have been Jim Kelly or it could have been Bruce Smith. You can't go wrong either way. What you think. I think Brucey. Okay. And plus, Brucey was a two time defensive player of the year, all decade player in the eighties and the nineties.


Now we'll see what Josh Allen does. Can he take him to the Super Bowl and, and Unseed, right? Cam, okay. Yeah, Absolutely. And I think Cam also with Cam you can slash Luke Keekley, even though it was short, it was shortlived his career. What about Pep? What about Julius Pepper? Not about B Smith. It's tougher than you think for Carolina. Yeah, it's, it Is. But Cam quarterback, MVP took him to the Super Bowl. I'm cool with that. Yeah. Walter Peyton. Yeah. Okay. Hands down Anthony Munoz. Absolutely. Jim Brown. Ain't nobody unseen him. No. Emmett, okay. Yeah. I can live with that. Well, with Troy. Okay. Well, with Troy.


Yeah. Okay. Okay. Two time. You do realize M was a two time league. MVP. Right, John? Okay. I live with that. That's a good one. Very. Absolutely. Aren Rogers. Wow. Over Brett. I'm not, yeah. I'm not surprised. I mean, he got four MVPs. Brett got three. He was a Super Bowl MVP winner. Right. More touchdowns, more inter and fewer interceptions. I'm cool. I'm perfectly cool with that. Right. And they had some great, they had some great players. You got Bart Star. James Lofton than the Pro Bowl. My brother's going to the Pro Bowl. You have Ray Nitsky, Walter d, Willie Davis, herb Ley.


Oh, they got a, A Ball. Horning Taylor. Right.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. That would make sense that I would be the host of the Colin Coward podcast. I mean, that's the way I see it. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Tito's handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Okay. I like things that are built to last. A great team, a well run organization. Same goes for my vodka. Tito's made an Austin, Texas real care attention to detail. Distinct, crisp taste. I was just telling my wife the other day, Tito's is the one vodka. It has a completely distinct taste. Been my go-to for years, so I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice. Refreshing. Easy Summer, winter, spring. Totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, your team's gonna play 162 games. A perfect time to kick back with some Titos. It's what I pour You should too. Distilled and bottled by Fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. The message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with Mint. You can get Premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course, if you enjoy overpaying, no judgements, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment. Anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store Gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card. Now terms, apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates. Fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees.


Yes. Yes. Aren Rogers, JJ Watt. Yes. Flash Made Manning. Absolutely. Even though with Johnny Unitas and they got some players. Yes. Hold on, hold on. Now you skipped. Now that Houstons one now I was slash Andre Johnson as well. Well, first of all, that's with jj three defensive players of the year. Ocho. Okay. I mean you, I mean, you could probably make a case. He's the top five defensive player of all time with the, what he's been, what he was able to do those years. He's the only guy that have multiple 20 sack seasons. Okay. Alright. I can live with that. Okay. Peyton Manning, even though you got Johnny Unit us. Absolutely. You got some great players, Marvin Harrison, Reggie Wayne, you've got some great players that that played there.


But for me it's Peyton. Now I was a little surprised by this. Fred Taylor, were you surprised? Yeah. Yeah. I I thought they'd probably go with Tony Belli. Oh, one of the greatest, probably one of the greatest left tackles of all time. Yep. Yeah. But Fred had longevity. Belli got hurt, his shoulders gave out on him. As a matter of fact. Had a great conversation with him. We was at the last Super Bowl. I was on a panel with him, pat. So Patrick Mahomes. Yeah. Goes without saying, Hey, what about this Marcus Allen Raiders. Yes. Raiders Marcus. Yeah. But You know, look, they had some great players. They got a lot of Hall of Famers. Exactly. That's why, that's why I just said, but Marcus, man, look, you gotta understand, he and Al had a really falling out.


He was blocking for Bo Jackson Lt. Absolutely. Yeah. LT was played and I, I was fortunate enough to play in the tail end my career against lt. And they had some great players, Kelly Winslow, Dan Fs, Philip Rivers, gates Gate, Fred Dean was there for a minute. Big Hands. Johnson, who else they had, shoot, they had Charlie, Charlie Joiner, Rodney Harrison. Yeah. They had Junior say. Yeah. Yeah. They had Charlie Joyner West, they had John Jefferson. The moon man, the moon name I forget, was what's Wes last name?


Name. But they had some good receivers there. Kellen Winslow Senior here. Yeah. The Rams. Aren Donald. No surprise there Without question. The A Dolphins danto, no surprise there. Absolutely. Minnesota. Randy, I didn't surprise there. And they, they got some Ball of Fame. You know, they got that, that famous a purple people eater. Alan Page is in the Hall of Fame. He's one of the two men that win defensive win the MVP as a defensive player here in Lt Carl s in the hall of Fame. John Johnny Randall, Chris Carter, Fran Tarkenton. Chris Dolman. What's Randy?


Randy? What's, What's the quarterback? They had that run all over. Fran Tarkenton. Yeah. Fran Randall Cunningham. Fred. Yeah. Tarkenton Middle for New England. Tom, Stop without saying New Orleans. Drew, stop. Yeah. New York lt. Stop without saying The Jeff, Joe Namath, Broadway, Joe. Yep. The Eagles. Reggie. Yeah, because I got a, I got a chance to play against Reggie in his prime. He that Yeah, but Steelers mean Joe. And You know, Steelers got a lot of, a lot the mean Joe man. He was the anchor. He was the under tackler that made it all work. Yeah.


San Fran, Jerry, Rightfully so. Seattle, Russell Wilson Winning quarterback. Absolutely. Yep. Tampa. Oh, Derrick Brooks. Yes. I thought they might go south. Thought they might go Leroy Selma. Leroy Selma was the first overall draft pick. 1976. The first year they came into existence. Right. Their first hall of famer. But I like, I, I played against Brooksy, so, but I know Brooks and I know s Yeah. So I ain't got no problem with this. The Tennessee Titans, Warren Moon Oilers. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. You can't go wrong with that.


Or the Commander Could have been Earl Campbell. Ah, but it was too short. He was, it was a short, too short. But he was like, I think a three time offensive player of the year. An MVP led the league in Russian. Hey, the, one of the most punishing backs ever. Ever. Yeah. He only And Washington Darryl Green dg. Well, couldn't, couldn't that have been, that could have been Doug Williams. No, Doug played at Tampa. But he did. But he, Doug had a short career at Tampa. Remember he won the Super Bowl with the Washington. Okay, okay. Okay, okay. Okay. Okay. So Darryl Green's longevity gets him nod here.


Oh yeah. The Chas upset. Chad said it should have been Dionne or Michael Vick. I, Oh, wait, wait, Wait. Dionne. Okay. Dion Wir In Atlanta, but Dionne only played, Dion was only only there for five years. Five. It was 5 89. 90, 91, 92, 93. Okay. Nine four. He went to San Francisco. He Did two in San Francisco and two in Dallas. He Did one in San Francisco. Okay. 94, 9 5. He went to the Cowboys and they won. He wanted the Super Bowl in 94 with San Fran. He went to Dallas in 95. One the Super Bowl with them. So if he only played five years in, in, in Atlanta. Yeah. I, I, I think, I don't think people realize how short Times's career was there and they let him walk. They didn't franchise him or anything.


They let him walk. Right. I like, I like Julio as, as, as the better player. Yeah. But for the Falcon. But You know, the quarterback always gets a nod. What about Mike Vick? Culturally? Yes. Yeah. That, that Mike Vick expect. Mike Vick's still a, still a legend out there, man. Yeah. Man, them, Hey man, them Joe would still be wearing Mike Vick jerseys. Yeah. Man. Who wouldn't Still, Well, he was, I can't, I can't even explain it. I can't even explain it. The one game one, the one game when we played the Falcons Yeah.


Where the whole offense was up watching Ain't nobody on, especially On that turf. Nobody was on the bench when we played against Vic Him on that turf was, you had to see it There. You had to see it. Raider star running back. Ashton Genty predicts 1500 Russian yards. And between 10 and 20 touchdowns in his rookie season, I'm open for 1500 yards and we'll say like 10 20 touchdowns. Do you think that's possible for the rook? Absolutely. I don't know about no 20 touchdowns, 1500 yards. Yes. Yes. I like, I like 20. Yeah. I like to, I'm trying to think, man, you probably got who that's probably, you gotta talk about Gale Cs.


I think Gail Cs had 20 rush touchdowns his rookie season. And I think that was 1965. Go back and take a look at Gale's numbers. Gale was electric though. Yeah. Kansas comment. Hey, I like the, I like the confidence too in setting the goals for yourself. Setting those type of lofty goals for yourself as a rookie coming in. I, I, I like it. I don't think it's gonna be as easy as he thinks it's gonna be. Especially when he, when he gets to see how fast everybody else is. Just imagine you playing Penn State's defense. That's what everybody in the NF NFL is. Hey, I think a little better than that though. Huh? That's what I'm saying.


And a little better. Who's gonna be able to lift coverage off you? What receivers you got now? You got Bowers. He's really good. And I, I think y'all work hand in hand. You know, you wanna start, drop that safety down in the box and not buyers get an opportunity to work one-on-one. Yeah. So I do think 1500 yards might be possible, but be very doable. I say 10, 12 touchdowns, but 20 man, bro, that's a lot of tubs Ocho. It is. Yes it is. What was GA's Gail's numbers his rookie year.


His second year is when he, he read those six, had those six, had those six touchdowns in a game. Yeah, but they only played 12 games back then. He definitely would've had 20 touchdowns if they'd played, if they'd have played five more games. They had 14 games in 65 in six. He came out in 64, right? Yeah. Six. Yeah. It was him and Buck, I think. Buck. Yeah. He and Buckys were like, okay. I think 15, I think 1500 yards is realistic, but that's still a lot of yards.


Even though it's 17 games. That's still a lot of yards. Don't, Joe, listen, I, I like, That's 80 yards a game. Oh, You know how hard that is. I do. Yes. I know how hard This he going, he going, he, listen, he gonna have to have some games where he hit It and he well over a hundred And get, and, and I, I holler at you. How, how, how was this 40 times? Just curious. What'd he run the 40 at? Did he run the 40? Probably what, 4 4, 4 5? He doesn't, he doesn't, he doesn't have, he doesn't have, he Ran 4, 4, 5. Okay. He Okay. Got good speed. Ain't got good speed, but, and I like it though.


But, ooh, 1500, That's a lot of yards in 10. 10 20 touchdowns Ocho check this out. While it appears that Aren Rogers is signing with the Pittsburgh Steelers, the team apparently has a contingency plan if something goes awry. Jeremy Fowler said, based on conversations he had during last week's NFL League meetings, Kirk Cousins at best, at very least on the Steelers radar. Fowlers said the Steelers were interested earlier this off season in the possibly possibility of acquiring cousins. It was reported last month that the Fowlers had discussion with multiple teams regarding a possible trade of cousins. But Atlanta was looking for team to take on a significant portion, at least 20 million of the remaining 37 and a half million guaranteed on cousin's contract.


Falcon's asking price might be more reasonable. Now, however, remember ocho Yeah. They gave him 50 million signed last year. Yes, sir. And he got 37 guaranteed this year. So he got a hundred million dollars coming over the next three years. But the guarantee, yeah. And when I had OCHO and the thing that I said, I said, Ocho, let's just say in the best case scenario, right, he plays two years. I said, Ocho, what if he only gives you one? Which is what he, he gave us half of one. He gave us half, he gave us half of that one. But listen, as, as long as the, the fact that they're even waiting, I'm, I'm sure they're probably in talks right now with the Falcons about wanting to acquire Kirk Cousins and paying that 20 million that the Falcons would want them to pay on his salary.


Yeah. Because sitting here waiting on Aren Rogers, when they have, is it OTAs coming up or many? They're already in them. Yeah. Like I, I mean, listen, I know you, you are a veteran. But I would love, I would love, I maybe just me, if I was in this position, I would love to be there right now. Yeah, I would too. I would love, I would love to be there. I would love the continuity, You know, getting, getting acclimated with the offense and having, having that much of a head start, if that's what I really wanna do. I don't know. But, but Aren and Aren Aren, listen, I think he, I think he's, he feels like he's played long enough. He doesn't need to be there. The game of football is all the same.


And I, I, I don't know. Well, I, well I, me personally, I think it hurt him, his relationship with not, not personal relationship, but his own field relationship with some of the receivers in, in, in New York. Yeah. I've heard, because seemingly, I, I've heard, I, I could be wrong that he was, he was throwing with, with, with dk. Yeah. He was. Okay. I think it was it out here in la. Yeah. So I mean, if, if they, if they were throwing together, then that's, that's, I mean it's probably, you don't Realize DK is not the only receiver on the team. Right? Yeah. But he would be that he had to be the main guy. Okay. James Harrison got in on the viral Goodnight Trent and called Brett Keel. Let's take a look at the video, Joe.


It's funny. Yeah, pretty good. I'll send you some pictures. I made a couple of 'em or a couple pounds. Okay. So y'all going back home now? Yeah. Okay. Don't You know, See shit, man. Just laying in bed, man. I was just calling to tell you good night. Alright man. Man, gimme a kiss. Y'all. Listen, that's one of the funniest things going on right now, man. That trend. I seen some, I seen some of the commander players do it.


Yeah. I, that's, it's Funny what a dude tried to get. Jay, Daniel been like, bro, what you want? Yeah. Yeah. That was funny. That was funny. Especially the, the authentic reaction of having someone tell you goodnight. Especially to fellas when You know it's not normal. It's not common. It's something that, well, first of all, do Somebody a, a guy calling and telling you good night. It's all, it's going to, it is going to elicit the, like, let's just say for the sake of argument, you all did it at one time and they didn't, nobody know it was a trend. Right. I think people are starting to catch on now. And so they're they're gonna play into it. Yeah. But if everybody did it at one time, just, just take athlete to athlete and you call somebody, man, look here, you, you better bleed that out.


Hey, the first thing I listen, I, all the people I could think of, they ain't gonna say, man, stop playing on my phone. Yeah. They don't curse, man. Yes. You know, they gonna say something. You can't, you can't record. Yes, yes, Yes. So yeah, that was, that was That. That's why I don't play a whole, that's why I don't play on the phone before a before I say, Hey man, you got me on speaker. They asked me the same thing, man, I'm on speaker. Oh, that's us. You should have told me. Oh, Joe, have you seen the sa the cooper dejan alley hoop video?


Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Let's watch, let's watch this With legs. He, he got bounce. He got bounce feet got, He got bunnies. He got, dont think about it. And the rim is 11 feet. Right. 10. 10 feet. 10. Listen, I think every NF NFL player, especially at the skilled position, they can dunk. They, they can dunk everybody. Everybody. Oh Yeah. Because I mean like that. If you six foot tall with a 30 plus edge vertical, yeah. You won't be able to dunk because your arm probably two feet long. You got a 30 plus edge vertical that's two and a half feet plus you six foot.


So you should be good. Yeah, Abs absolutely, Absolutely. But he ducked that thing with authority. Yeah. Like, huh? You should, you should see me dunk. You know my, my vertical at the combat was a what? 42, right? No, it wasn't, but okay. Oh, you see the dude that ran that 4 1 40? I think he ran, I think he won the big 10 in the a hundred meters. The white kid that hour. Oh, he still, Hey, he late. He could run. Yeah, I think he went a hundred meters. I think that was him. Is it, is it really? Is it really four one though? Yeah. Oh yeah. He could run. No, no, no. He could. Oh listen, he can get out Ocho. He can get out Christian Coleman, You thought? Well, he jumped out them blocks.


Christian Coleman can get out and I don't think Christian Coleman, he Can get four one. He ain't Christian. Coleman starting in his prime, but he can get out. Oh. He got out on the boys. They had, they, they almost came and got him, but hey, he is out there. I think that was him. Was that him Ash? I Forgot his name. The guy from Iowa that won the Big 10 in the hundred meter dash. The white guy from Iowa. Is that the one that ran that four one something at at the com at the, at Iowa for spring day or something. Wait, You know how fast, You know how fast four one is? You know how Fast deal that might be? What? 16 steps? A little, maybe less. Maybe less.


I mean, I saw a guy, we had a DB run four two on grass. On grass. Yeah. Woo. That's him. That's a whole lot of torque, boy. Yep. That's him. Mocho, he ran 4 1 9. Right. I Need, I need to, he needs to, he needs to Go. But Kristy Coleman ran 4 1 2. Yeah. Okay. Usain ran four two. Ran 4, 2, 2. With, with, with with sweat pants on playing around. He ran 4 1 5.


He can get out. Ocha, I'm telling you, if you watch this go, go pull up on YouTube and watch him how he got out. He can get out. Yeah. I, I got, I gotta see that. All right. It's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. What if I, what if I ran oh one? I probably wouldn't be able to run N route. Oh, you could run a route. All it's gonna do is get you to that safety quicker. You better stay your ass on the outside. That's a headache. I mean, the only guy, I mean, there've been only a handful of guys that's been able to run like that Ocho Yeah.


That was not afraid to go interact Tyreek, to have that kind of speed. Yeah. And, and, and, and didn't live predominantly outside. Right, Right, right, Right. Tyreek catches a lot of end breaking routes. Normally when you have that kinda speed, you ain't really trying to get hit. All you running is go routes. But Tyreek turned himself into a very good receiver where he could run the route tree. And that's what makes him so dangerous. Patrick Arthur said Unc ocho Stephen a said Tyrese. Halliburton ain't a superstar then, then neither is Anthony Edwards. Would you? I think Tyree Halliburton is a star. I I don't think he's a superstar now.


I I could be wrong. Yeah. My, my basketball prowess is, is nowhere near yours? Or maybe No. Nowhere near those in the chat that enjoy the game of basketball. But he's a star. Yeah. He ain't no slouch. But Superstar is reserved for the elites. They Ain't, but they ain't, but a handful of them. I mean, we, we throw this term superstar and star. We throw all those terms around loosely and it's kind of devalued a little bit Ocho. Right. Because anybody that have the, You know, a year or two, a great basketball, like, oh, he a superstar. No, No, Man. You used to have Inconsistency. Yeah. You had to get a couple, You know, MVP go to the finals, You know, you had to put some work in, not just have a couple of good seasons.


Yeah. Yeah. I don't think Also how y'all, how y'all been. It's your boy from South Dakota, Patrick. We've been been all right. We've been all right. Life is good. Life is good. Happy Valley Farm. Said thunder. Walk the wolves down with a poker face. Well they, you look, if you look at the way the thunder came out tonight, it was a lot different than what they came out from game three. Yeah. And they knew they could, they could not allow the crowd to get into it like they did in game three. And they came out meant business. They came out with the purpose of like, we going back home. Three, one. Yeah. We're not going back home. Two two. And they did what they sat out to do. You know, what if they hurry up and end this series and win this next game, won't they have even that much more time to rest?


Yes. Yes. All depends. Do the Indiana Pacers take a three one lead or do they go back to MSG Tie two, two. Right. Peace.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family. Parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for a's preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family, learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. That would make sense that I would be the host of the Colin Coward podcast. I mean, that's the way I see it. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Tito's handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Okay. I like things that are built to last. A great team, a well run organization. Same goes for my vodka. Tito's made in Austin, Texas. Real care, attention to detail. Distinct, crisp taste. I was just telling my wife the other day, Tito's is the one vodka. It has a completely distinct taste. Been my go-to for years. So I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice. Refreshing. Easy Summer, winter, spring. Totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, your team's gonna play 162 games. A perfect time to kick back with some Tito's. It's what I pour. You should too. Distilled and bottled by Fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store Gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms, apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts this contents not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


Juba looking for excitement. Juba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere. Play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for or don't delay? Chumba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the chumba life@chumbacasino.com. Don't purchase necessary B GW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Zeke. The God 96. Do you think the Knicks will make a comeback? Everything is contingent on this game. Yeah. If they win game four, I say they make a comeback and they win in seven. If they don't, they're going home at five mm. Colin is Aren Donna. Really? MVP for the Rams. Y'all forgetting St. Louis Days greatest show on turf. Okay, you won. So basically, okay, let's go back. You got Jim Hart, the Rams. You got the Fearsome foursome. You got Merlin Olsen who was a 14 time Pro bowler. You got Deacon, you got Rosie Greer and you got Lamar Lundy.


If you go all the way back to St. Louis, you got Jim Hart at St. Louis. You got Danoff at St. Louis, you got Otis Anderson at St. Louis. Those are the really the only guys I could think of in St. Louis. Now if you go to Phoenix, I'm trying to, no, I mean that's the Cardinals, my bad rams. St. Louis Rams. Okay, let's go back to la. 'cause they started in LA then they moved and then they moved back. Sam Water. Yeah. I look. Okay. You want Kurt Warner, Isaac, Bruce, Orlando, pace Marshall, FA Falk, Marshall Faulk.


You gotta realize it's not like Kurt spent a whole lot of time there. Man. It wasn't that long. Wasn't it's It's Aren Donna. Aren Donna. The dominance. The eight first team. I think eight kind. First team all pro defensive rookie of the year. Three time defensive player of the year. Yeah, I think it's ad. Yeah. And I, it's not to take anything away from all the other guys. 'cause Kurt's in the Hall of Fame. Marsh's in the Hall of Fame. Isaac Bruce is in the Hall of Fame. Orlando Pace is in the Hall of Fame. Tory Holt's eventually gonna get in the Hall of Fame, but it's, it's it's ad way too smooth.


Brad Fab or Aren Rogers, he saved the Packers franchise. Went to two Super Bowl was the only player to win three MVPs in a row. He did. But Aren has four MVPs. Aren was a Super Bowl. MVP and Aren Rogers has more touchdowns with fewer interceptions. I I, I don't know, bro. I mean, does, does Aren have more pack touchdown for the Packers than Aren? I mean, than Brett? Because I'm looking No, I'm, I'm thinking one more.


MVPA Super Bowl. MVPI think he's been to more Pro Bowls. I think they've been to the same. I think they've been the same. Same as as far as All Pros. I think Aren might have four. Brett has three for the Packers, you said? No, I'm saying yes. Yeah. So Mu and look at the interceptions. Aren Rogers has less than a hundred interceptions for the Packers with 475 touchdowns.


Brett gotta have at least 200 for the Packers. Right. How many interceptions does Brett have? Yeah, 1 0 5 for the Packers. So he has 440, 475 touchdowns. 105 interceptions. Yeah. Brett has 286 interceptions with 442 touchdowns. Yeah. Aren Rogers is the GOAT for the Packers. And just those numbers you just rambled off about what Aren Rogers was able to do in the past is one of the reasons why the goddamn Steelers is actually waiting. You waiting Aren.


Sean Taylor isn't there? I mean, he probably could have been there, but he didn't play enough years. You gotta realize DG played 20 years at Corner Corner. Yeah. How many 20 year corners you Think you'll ever go see again in your life? Be the MVP? It's not happening. It's not Not happening. It's not Big td. The one Uncle Ocho. If you guys won the same team in your prime, who is the number one option? Look, I don't care about the number. I'm gonna get mine.


I'm gonna get mine. I'm gonna get mine. I'm not so sure that I was always the number one option, but I just know I led my team in receiving for six straight years. Shoot. Me too. You led, you led Bingo, six straight years. Yeah. Shoot. I led the a FC four years in a row. Yeah. See, I ain't do that. Yeah. I led, I led the, I led my team seven of the 14 years finished one catch. I almost had eight cadre caught one more pass than I did. I started to go back in there and catch another pass to tie him.


Dr. Frankie l Bellamy. Hey fam, y'all see Tom Cruise got another mission Impossible out. Now that man be on a slide with he like, and Sly with Rocky and the Expendables. Who do you think is the King of film series game? Tom Cruise or Sylvester Stallone? Oh, that's a good one. Well, you got, first of all, you got Tom Cruise. He got Top Gun and he got Mission Impossible. Sylvester Slice. Stallone. He got the Expendables and Rocky In which He's morphed. Creed into Ambo. Yeah. Got Rammy. Yeah, ambo. Yeah. That's, that's a good one. I I I probably, I'd probably lean more, lean more towards Tom Cruise.


You know, you, you like, you like, you like Stallone, you like Rocky and, and like a Rambo or you more Mission Impossible Top Gun because it's all about what you like. See I'm more, I'm more of a, like now I love Tom Tom Cruise A Minority report. Right. Because that was the first time you see the board. They opened up. No, my my my favorite Tom Cruise movie is with, with Jack. With Jack Nicholson. Oh God damn. Why am I missing this Army? Army movie uncle. Oh, A few good men. Few Good Men. Oh my goodness.


J that's the Lieutenant Caff. Yeah. Did him and Demmy Moore. Classic. Classic. That was, Hey, Jack did that one. Yeah, he, he jack A, he cut off. He was in his bag. He was in his bag. That movie. Boy, You snotty prick. You have no idea how to defend the country. Kathy, all you did was weaken the nation. Sleep good at night son, sleep good. I'm an officer in the United States Navy. And you under arrest. Hey Matt.


Did you see, did you see Primal Fear with Edward Norton and Richard Gere? Yeah. When he had, when he played multiple bomb Marty. Oh, Marty. Yeah. Old Marty. Hey boy, I, I love, I love that movie Boy. Edward Norton is one of my favorite. Hey, Richard Gil. Yeah. He had a little stretcher then he just like, kind of like disappeared. It's crazy how that works in Hollywood. I don't know. Yeah. He was in movies back to back to back. You know who else? Yeah, he was in that movie. What was that? That that American something. What was he in? What was that movie? He was in Y Yeah. No, back.


What? No, no, no, no, no. Not that Edward Norton. No, no, no, no. I know Richard Edward and, and what you call him the movie with American History X. That's what he was in. Oh, That's a classic. That's that is a, yeah. Julia Roberts, Richard Good was in Julia Roberts, the one they filmed at the, the Beverly. The Beverly, the Beverly Wilshire. Pretty pretty woman. Pretty woman. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Edward Norton. It seemed like Julia Roberts had a stretch where she, she was in movie, movie, movie, movie, movie, movie, movie. And Cameron Diaz, they were in movies like back to Back to Back. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. Sudden Cameron Diaz with Batman. She was in, she was in the Mask.


Yeah. They had, that was the first time I've ever seen Cameron Diaz where she was in the mask with Jim Carrey. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. They, they had a run, like a crazy run. And then they just, they disappeared. They said, Hey, we're gonna get a crazy run. We gonna get like 10 years, 12 years and go get up outta here. Yeah. I think Julia Roberts, she moved to New Mexico in, You know, Cameron Diaz. She got married to Madison. And, and she like, she just, I think she was, she's about to be in a new movie, but she like, Hey. Yeah. That's dope. That's what it, that's dope. Yeah. I like, I, I like, I like, like I said, I like Tom Cruise in Minority Report. That movie that hit last movie he did with Nicole Kidman. Right. With the Stanley Coopery.


Right. Boy, that thing was good and terrible. Boy, boy Eyes wide shut. And I should have went, I should have kept my eyes shut too. It Was that bad. Boy, That thing was terrible. Boy. Good thing they didn't have Rotten Tomatoes around. I already know what they done got for that. Right. That was terrible. Anybody that say odd and why up was good. They lying. Yeah. They're lying. See that? I'm, I'm, I'm gonna be Good. You ain't good. Damn boy, that thing was terrible. As a matter of fact, I think that might have been Stanley Kubrick's.


That's what I'm saying. I mean, she, she just came back and did. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. But she had, she had set some time off. Yeah. But like I said, Ocho, I used to be a big, a big movie guy. I'm going to see 55, 60 movies a year. Yep. People don't realize they used to come out with like 500 movies a year. But I see the really, You know, I go some, I tell another movie that I didn't like, I didn't understand it and I saw it three times and I still don't understand that Bull Eye, the English patient and it racked up all those awards. Awards, Yeah, yeah, yeah. I need somebody, I need whoever directed that or started. Y'all need to come tell me what that movie was about. 'cause I still ain't figured it out.


Oh yeah. Colin said gotta do another one just because y'all forgetting. Forgot about Ed Eric Dickinson, goddammit. Yeah. But ev but even still Aren Donald dominated for so many years though, uncle. Yeah. Y'all gotta, y'all gotta realize Ed, he had a short career there. They traded Ed. Yeah. Thanksgiving. They traded him to the, the Colts. 83, 84, 85, 86 6. I think they traded Ed in like 87 or 88. What year did they trade Ed? I think Ed got traded in, it might've been 80, might've been 87.


He was either 87 or 88 because he came and ran wild over the Broncos, I think. Right, Ed? I I remember that. I remember that game. 'cause I was, I was in college. Ocho. Yeah. Did he went crazy, huh? Did he? Hey, he had one of the sweetest running styles, upright And sweet DT said Ocho on dates while I owe 5,200 is crazy work. Th rod diabolical. Oh, what Day? I ain't, I ain't going What date, what day that went on. Don't worry about It. I ain't going on no date. And matter of fact, oh, I went on, I went on the outing.


There's a difference now. A a date and the outing is two different things. I'm out of $5,900. No, I'm saying she, she pay, she paid for the date. It, it is good to have someone want to treat you for a change so that that's all You. Ha. Let me keep. Yep. I watched Hulu last night with Illinois and Bumpy Johnson, Illinois.


What You know by Illinois and bumpy Johnson Man And Bigfoot Mary. Her name is Mary Illinois. Don't make me raise up. Come over there. Put my ass on you. Hey, that goddamn Lawrence Fishburn killed that road, boy. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. But he did. Yeah. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. We want to thank you for joining us again. The OKC Thunder. Take a commanding three. One lead heading home for game five with a chance to close it out in advance to the NBA finals. Thanks to a score of 1 28 to 1 26.


They got 40 points from Shea Gils. He was one rebound shy of a triple double. They got 34 points from Jaylen Williams. They got 21 from Chet Holmgren. That duo combined for 95 of their 128 points as they go in and basically put a stranglehold on this series. One went away from the NBA finals, 1 28, 1 26. Wanna thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host, Liberty City, his own bring a Ring of Fame artery, pro bowler all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Unfortunately, we were not able to reconnect with Larry Johnson.


Hopefully he'll stop by and join us again soon. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys again for tuning in and joining us. Thank you for your eyes. Thank you for your ears and your word of mouth as you spread what Nightcap is with UNC and ocho. So thank you very much and hopefully you'll continue to support Nightcap. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Poitier. We do have it in stock and if you can't find it, any city or state near you, best believe we are coming to a city or a state near you. But you can order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe.


Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 would be 84 being spelled out, supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please, please grab yours while supplies last. Again, happy Memorial Day for those on the West coast. Thanks to all the servicemen and women around the world and here domestically. Thank you for your support. Thank you for what you do. And all those men and women that serve, that have played the ultimate sacrifice. We wanna thank their families for your family doing what they did for us. So again, thank you. We'll see you tomorrow night after the Indiana Pacers New York Knicks game. Will it be three, one or will it be two? Two.


Tune in tomorrow. Thank you guys. The volume,


You don't want vacation to end, but with Amex Platinum it doesn't have to just yet. You can sit back and relax at the airport with Centurion lounge access. And because you earn five times membership, rewards points on prepaid hotels and more. Book through amex travel.com. Your trip to the beach and back can take you somewhere different. Next time we should go to Thailand. That's the powerful backing of American Express terms apply. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash with amex.


When it's PCs time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school. Because family supports family at American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you As a military spouse, your tuition rate is the same as your partner's. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public university education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree? Change the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they pped up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's X purse spring and is back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


This Is an iHeart podcast.