
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it, in therapy, by talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist. At Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus, Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


A lot of times big economic forces show up in our lives in small ways. Four Days a week, I would buy two cups of banana pudding, but the price has gone up. So now I only buy one Small but important ways from tech billionaires to the bond market to, yeah, banana pudding if it's happening in business. Our new podcast is on it. I'm Max Chaffin. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. Listen to everybody's business from Bloomberg Business Week, starting May 16th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. Come on ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Two teams are on the cusp of clenching. One did it at home, one did it on the road. Now one team can go home and clinch the other team has to take their show on the road. Both can clinch and two teams will be without their superstars we believe. Thank you for joining us again for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host, the Liberty City Legend Bingle Ring of Fame Artery Pro Bowler All Pro.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And joining us a couple of nights a week to talk all things basketball and everything in between the Arkansas Little Rock Native University of Arkansas alum ISO Joe Johnson. Joe, thanks for joining us again. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you. We thank each and every one of you. We know it's late on the east coast, but we really appreciate you joining us late all times. We can't thank you enough in supporting all things Shehe Media and La Porter. Make sure you check out La Porter. We do have it in stock.


If you can't find it any a city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Remember, is award-winning the best tasting premium VSOP on the market? Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Stay safe, go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last tickets for our Not Safe for Work tour, our own sale, eight stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, LA Miami, NYC, Chicago. We're gonna close it out in Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour.


Get your tickets now. Get a chance to see UNC in ocho the Wolves. Take a commanding three one series lead against the Warriors. And again, it was the same two guys. Julius Randall had an outstanding night. 31 points, five rebounds, three assists, one steel, one block. Antman went crazy in the third quarter. He had 30 points, five, four rebounds for assists. And that was enough to push them past the Steph Careless warriors. I don't know what's going on. I don't, I I don't know what happened with Jimmy Butler tonight. He, he knows nine shot attempts. ISO is not nearly enough. Minga came to play.


Minga gave him 23 points off the bench. He was six to 13, 11 to 12 from the free throw line. Jimmy Butler, nine field goal attempts. Buddy Hill had more field goal attempts, pods had more field goal attempts. Draymond Green had more field goal attempts with Steph is out. This is why you make the trade for Steph Curry. Jimmy Butler's supposed to win you one game minus Steph Curry ocho. Yeah, that's what's supposed to have happened. And right now, I don't know what's going on with Jimmy. Maybe he has an injury, but nine field goal attempts. He wasn't aggressive at all. He was coming to a jump stop passing out of it and it did. I I don't, like I said, I don't know what's going on health wise, body wise.


Maybe he got an injury that they're not reporting, but this effort tonight mm. Is unacceptable. Hey, to me, Ocho, he, he look horrible. He don't look healthy, You know what I mean? He, he don't look like he moving right after there. And like you said, it's just like a lot of the moves that he's making that kinda tical that, You know, he can't get nothing from him. It's like he's looking to pass. It's not, he, he's not even a Yeah, to even be aggressive to even score because they definitely need him to put up points. But let's be honest, man, they ain't, them folks ain't got enough firepower to be messing with Minnesota. Not without, without Kurt. Mm. But here's the thing though, Joe, who is he gonna pass it to? Draymond? Hey, he gonna pass it to pods. He gonna pass it to Tyson, Tyson, Jackson, Davis.


He gonna pass it to a a loo. I'm just trying to figure out who is he going to pass it to that could help him get points. Yeah. You know, if, Go ahead, Ojo. Now j gonna say if anything, Joe and Unc, I really think there's something wrong with Jimmy. We know what Jimmy could do when he takes the game over and obviously trading for him and him understanding that Steph Curry's not playing. Jimmy's one that can, he can show that load, he can put that team on his back and the fact that he came out tonight and he wasn't as aggressive and assertive as he should be. And knowing that, listen, if we gonna score points, it gotta come from somewhere and it should start with me. I'm not gonna start the game facilitating. I'm not gonna pass the ball. I'm gonna do everything I can knowing that the, one of the one individuals on the team right now that can put the ball on the floor and score from anyone in the court is me.


I mean, you were, you were expecting to be aggressive tonight. So I think there is some type of lingering issue or something going on with it. Yeah, let's, let's not speculate, let's go with what we know. My bad. My bad. Because that's what you always tell me. Say, oh hey, it don't matter you, I don on that field. Right? Hey, I expect the effort. Yes, sir. And he, he was not aggressive. Commingle was 11 to 12 from the free throw line. Jimmy Butler got to the line five times. That's not nearly aggressive enough. No, and like you said, I mean he was getting, he was minus 30 and plus minus. And remember the other night, Joe, in game three, it was a situation where the last eight minutes and 16 seconds he didn't score a bucket. Yeah. When the game, when the game year could have been, You know, going back and forth, it could have been teetering.


That was the opportunity. Julius Randall has been great. This playoff series. He had a career high, 31 points. Julius Randall, 25 point playoff games as a T wolf. He has three of those. As a nick, he had one. Mm I don't know what it is. Okay. Maybe he's more comfortable, maybe he's may, maybe the, there's more of an opportunity. It's kind of hard. But all I know is he's playing outstanding and this is what you expect from your one two punch. You need your one two punch to be that. And then I'm gonna give some production. Okay, let me let, lemme see what I can do to help y'all out. McDaniels, I got you 10. Mike Conley gave you 11. Alexander Walker, I give you 13. Okay. Yeah.


Mike Conley gave you 11 tonight and in a situation your two big guns go off. Well you minus one of your big guns with the Warriors. Now the other big gun needs to go off. And that's Jimmy Butler. He's looking to pass the ball. The guys that's not scores. I can see if he's passing the ball. If he's passing, if it's like Brunson who's passing the ball to Kat. Yeah, okay, I get that. Yeah. Okay. Kat Kat's an all star Kat's an all NBA player. I get that. Who is Jimmy Butler passing the ball to that we know of as scores that we think of, like, You know, okay, I can see this man. I mean listen, what iCloud outside of Minga man, that, that, that, that damn near basically it. Hey, hold on, hold on, hold on.


Maybe, maybe, maybe he was hoping for Buddy Hill to have another one of them games. Ah, hey, but listen you Oh, you what is up my buddy? Yeah, my buddy. Listen, my buddy here me, they get along in the, but you but Joe, you talked about it Joe, what they're doing, they're running him off that three point line. They're not letting him spot up and shoot now. So he's not a guy that's gonna take you off the dribble. He's not Steph Curry, he's not Dame Little. He's not one of these three point shooters that could pop, pop, pop. Yeah. And get up, get Elevate the shot. Yeah. He needs to catch and shoot. Yeah. So, so like when all attention is on Steph, it's easy to play in that role. You know what I Yeah, absolutely. You can just kind of hide or just, You know, kind of spectate to some degree.


To some degree. And the ball just kind of finds you. But I think we really had to give Minnesota they credit. Okay. Ocho especially RI know Randall has heard the whispers. He, he, he's heard, heard the whispers and I think just throughout this whole playoffs he's been, You know, he's been pretty consistent for them. He's been special for them against the Lakers. And in this round the Warriors have no answer for him and I appreciate they don't it because when Airman doesn't really have it going on, he takes the back seat to some degree. Meaning, You know, he understands he's gonna get doubled. So he just kind of absorbs it goes to Randall and Randall kind of goes out and makes plays. He's not only scoring the ball on Ocho, he's distributing, You know, at a, at a, at a nice factor, You know, for a guy his size and he's taking advantage of the mismatches every time he making him pay it.


Yeah. Drew Ram had it going early. He had like 19 points early, so he got it going early. Everybody took a back seat. But the problem that they have the Warriors have is, excuse me, the goat that T Wolves can do is that they can, they don't have to double anybody. Yeah. There's no step on the court. Oh. So I don't have to double anybody so I don't have to scramble and leave guys wide open for wide open threes. Buddy Hill is not getting those wide open threes that he got in the last series and he got the first game when Steph Curry was in the game. He didn't, he's not getting those. Right. And so with that being said, now everybody's locked up man to man. I mean it's not like Draymond's a threat. So Rudy Gobert is not putting a situation that he needs somebody to come help.


Okay. J Ram can take a, a Jimmy Butler straight up or a max and take him straight up and then you got McDaniel and then you got Conley. So who do we have to help off of so somebody else Ocho can get a wide open shot. Right? Nobody, because they figure that the Warriors don't have nobody who could just consistently beat them. Yeah. Draymond gonna make a couple threes. We gonna live with that Conce. That's not gonna beat us. That's not gonna beat us. He gonna make, what did I tell you Ocho? I say anytime Dre about take the first two, three. Yeah. Oh we look good because hey, I like this, I like this. I like this kind party. Hey. And You know, You know what's funny? It's amazing to see obviously with Steph being out and I'm sure there are other teams like this and something that I didn't even know and I didn't learn until I started talking and watching basketball with you guys, You know, this season and now even more has come to a head with understanding that most of the players on certain teams, they have weaknesses and they have strengths.


Yeah. So with a star like s and now, now it's coming to head where I'm looking at now I'm noticing, well God damn with s and I I understand how much, how great a player he is, but I didn't know how great he was and how he made everything else work going on around him. Because now that he's out, now you have others that the scoring is really has the scoring is not coming from anywhere else. Jimmy, but not playing like playoff Jimmy than Jimmy. We used to see and now you have the rest of the supporting cast. Nobody can do anything on their own, their weaknesses. Oh. You know, in football, when you have 11 players on the field, most of the time there's certain players you can hide what they don't do well. Right. Or hide it for a little bit Now in this playoff atmosphere with Seth being out, well yeah, everybody's being exposed for what they can do as opposed to what they can.


Yeah. But that's the problem. It it's like that in any playoff series in football, if you have, if you have a weakness, what do we, what does that team do? They exploit it. Yeah. What whatever you are bad at, yeah. Whatever you're bad at it come playoff time it gets exploited. In Fact, a small example for, for those in the chat that don't know basketball like these two do, look at the chiefs in the Super Bowl, the offensive line, the offensive line, offensive Line been a problem all year, all Season joke, the officer, the super ball and oh my goodness, it comes to a head and it's exposed tremendously. Yep. And that's what happened. And that's now you Steph, you got a double step. Yeah, because Steph get the ball. We gonna try to run doubles at him.


Okay. Now buddy can catch and shoot. Okay, now there are cracks in the defense. Jimmy can get to the lane. Either he gonna lay the ball up or you gonna foul him. Well, with no step we can play your honest, you ain't going nowhere because Jimmy, you the only one that can create a shop for yourself. Draymond is really not creating a shop for himself. Buddy Hill's not creating a shop for himself. I mean, who, who's else in the start line? Hey, PO Heath's, okay, Tyson, Jackson, Davis really? So me, Minga Minga, but Minga, You know, Minga comes off the bench, he played 30 minutes. I'm not worried about Kon Looney and all these other guys that got in the mop up time. Gary Peyton ii, that's not what he does, right? He's a defender, he's a three and D guy. He can, You know, spot up his shoot, but he's not looking to take somebody off the dribble.


That's Steph. But Steph is more dangerous because so much attention is focused on him. Man, somebody robbing you blind over here and you looking at Steph because You know what he's capable of and they go, they robbing you blind right at your front door. They go into the front door, they got your tv, they got your refrigerator, your microwave. Hey listen, you staring your system and you worried about Steph and got his head through his pocket. The next thing You know like, well hey, who stole my it? Hey that you people looking at me the whole, yeah. And that's, that's why Minnesota's playing the defense they playing, You know, and switching because it takes you outta your countless that you can do if you're not switching. So they switching, playing man up man in to man defense mano and mano, let's see what you got in your bag.


And we don't Think you can score enough points for us to have to double if anybody, and they did bro. They, they took care of, they took care of business. They came to Golden State, did what they were supposed to do, obviously, You know, I know they wanted to get home court back and with Steph being out, I mean, come on. Yeah, we knew it was gonna be uphill climb Joe with no Steph. It's just not because the T wars are too high power when you got your two big guns playing the way they been playing this whole postseason and then you get these other guys chipping in, it's gonna be hard to beat 'em because it's hard for the warriors to come by points. Right? Because so if I got two guys going off and we're gonna talk about this a little lady, look at the Knicks. You see how the Knicks big guns went off?


Okay, we gonna offset, we gonna offset jt we'll talk about him in a minute. We gonna offset jt, we'll offset Derrick White. Okay? So Brunson go get his and now Kat get his, and now you let OG get his, you let Mikhail Bridges get his, you can't overcome that. No. So, so now you got Drew Randall and, and what you call him, combine it for 61. Okay, I need Jimmy to at least gimme 30, the 50, 35. Yeah. So now, now if he give me that, these other guys chip it in, that helps. But when all the, the, the lead score kaing his lead score, he had 23, but then I got, my starters got 14, 5, 14, 13, 11.


If you add all that up together, that ain't 60. It did. And then by the time I get that 13 from Akil Alexander Walker, and I get that lemon from Collin and I get that 10 from McDaniels, it's around. That's your game. Yeah, they look, they, they, they put up a effort and people like, but man this was the close game. No it wasn't. Let know it wasn't. But what we do see in these, in this post season, you gotta be healthy. That's why I say, You know, the, the west so thick, they gonna beat each other up the east thick over there. They gonna beat each other up. So whoever come out of each conference, man, you, you gotta hope you're healthy at this point.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental health Awareness month in Talkspace. The leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy by talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare, you'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code Space 80


Made for this Mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle, this is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain Because it's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that. Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


A lot of times the big economic forces we hear about on the news show up in our lives in small ways. Three or four days a week I would buy two cups of banana pudding, but the price has gone up. So now I only buy one. The demand curve in action. And that's just one of the things we'll be covering on everybody's business. From Bloomberg Business Week, I'm Max Chaffin. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. Every Friday we will be diving into the biggest stories in business, taking a look at what's going on, why it matters, and how it shows up in our everyday lives With guests like Business week editor, Brad Stone, sports reporter, Randall Williams and consumer spending expert, Amanda Mull will take you inside the board rooms, the back rooms, even the signal chats that make our economy tick. Hey, I wanna learn About V chain, I wanna buy some blockchain or whatever it is That They're doing. Listen to everybody's business starting May 16th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Well I know, I know what you call 'em. Hoping the Knicks make the finals. Anybody else making the final? Well the Celtics not making it. But anyway the Knicks because I don't know if there's anybody on the west, on the west. OKC don't got no followers. Ooh, ain't got no national following. Now a man, a man might bring some draw, but you need the Knicks. Yeah, hold on. Ain't nobody else on, I mean it really, Indiana. Hold on. You done see them in the final, You know what that is Joe? You saw him in the finals. You remember? Hold on. Even with even when you talking about back in the day with Shaq and Kobe. Yeah, yeah. Remember. So you and so, and think about it. So you got to have that, that, that domino on the other side. Lakers, Shaq and Kobe.


Yeah, you got the Knicks New York. That's Hey, it's funny, it sound like, sound like the fat lady singing, huh? I mean both. You know your tune unchanged now. 'cause listen, when when before the series started I asked y'all who y'all had, y'all told me self all of a sudden now we gonna win the series. It's some discrepancies. It's some discrepancies in the series ocho. Oh, Discrepancies. That's that's what it Was. It's some things that have transpired. Hey look, I'm allowed me the right to be wrong, but man, listen, hey, I told you, I told you sometime y'all gotta, sometime y'all gotta listen to me When I, when I, when I tell you things, You know, I understand you're the expert.


You played at the highest level. You've been doing it all your life since you was four years old. Unc You know, basketball in and out like the, like the palm your goddamn hand. But there's something about me and my ability to tell the future despite the Knicks being the underdog. It's something about that God big body bros. Listen, I just heard a day and I didn't even know I asked. Listen, I tweeted, does Jaylen Brunson have a supermax deal? And everybody told me, listen, young Bull with a was a class act, decided to take a hometown discount, a friendly discount so they could put a team around him and get some Miss Boys in here from Villanova. And they, they're cutting the food now. I don't know. Yeah. Is the owner named James Dolan, right?


James Dolan. Yeah. Yeah. And I know a lot of people got a lot, a lot to say about him, but if I was the owner, me and how I would move whatever that super max would d would be, I'm not gonna wait. I'm gonna pay him under the table. But what I'm getting for what I'm getting in this full Seat, nah, don't do don't pay that on the table. The last team to try to pay somebody on the table. David put a David Stern, put a penalty on him so hard it it got kg up out of Minnesota. Are you serious? They tried to pay Joe. They tried to play Joe Smith. Yeah, he took three first round draft picks. It crippled him. Wait, don't do that. You Can't. Oh no. Hell no. Hell Listen. Listen. Yeah it is like the death penalty in college.


Like they gave SMU that put the death penalty on. Listen, I I I understand what I'm saying UNC and, and Joe, but if you looking what Brunson and beta not just doing, forget just the playoffs on, I'm talking about for, for helping the next get from where they were from the entire, the entirety of the season to get this point to I think nobody even gave them a chance to win this series to be in F three one and Jalen Brunson having the night to tonight. Come on now. 39, 40 14 for 25 3 fade. I mean what three fade from three seventh, ninth from the free throw. When Well Let's talk about this. Let's talk about this. I'm finna get to the spot and he finna get to a spot and that, that mini range. Joe, when you wanna go under hand, but he wanna pull up.


Ain't nothing stopping him. Every time y'all told me JR. Holiday was the one that stopped. Oh, let, let's, let's, let's get to it. The Knicks take a three one lead against Boston Dray. Brunsons dropped 39 against the Knicks to win at home. They take a commanding three, one semi semi, a three one series lead in the East. Semis. Brunson has 102 fourth quarter points through 10 games of the playoffs joining Kobe Bryant in 2001. In 2003 as the only players with a hundred fourth quarter points in his first 10 games of a playoff run. He got contributions. Carl Anthony Townes had 23 and 11 Mikel Bridges was 23 7 and four steals. OG Enobi had 20 points with four made threes Mikhail Bridges the first two quarters combined.


If you go look at the series, he has the first, second and third quarter combined. He has 28 points in the fourth quarters. He had 26. That's clutch. Jason Tatum was having a night of night before he goes down. Yeah, we don't wanna speculate but it did not look good. We'll see they're gonna get an MRI tomorrow but when you crumble like that and he was wailing, he was, You know, he was crying and he had, they walked, You know they got him back. They helped him off the court and when they got him back, got him back to the locker room, they checking him in the tunnel. They got him in a wheelchair. So we think something seriously is wrong. But let's wait for the MRI and I don't wanna put that into the air. Knock on wood. Hopefully everything turns out okay.


But he had a night, he had it going 42 points, eight rebounds, four steals, four assists two blocks, seven made threes. He got help from his guy Derrick White was six to 12, six of 11 from three, five or seven from the free throw line. But Jalen Brown's gotta be better. Jalen Brown's gotta be better. He's shooting 38% from the four Joe and Ocho he's shooting 22% from the three. That's not good enough. You are a max player. You gotta play like it. Jalen Brown is 29 of 77 from the floor. He's seven to 31 from the three. He has 14 turnovers with 13 assists. That's not good enough.


And it was his turnover. Not that it, You know, it was a turnover. But Tatum tried to get the ball and he crumbled to the ground. Yeah, it it, it it does. Look, the injury doesn't look good now who knows. We know Tatum can catch fire and he had it going in the fourth quarter. But the way the Knicks were playing the way Bronson and Mikhail Bridges couldn't miss. I don't know if even with Tatum was in the game, they was gonna win that game considering what you call went and got 37 in the third. They got 70 points in the second half. Seven when, when Tatum went down. I think they was already losing the game even though he was playing. I think they were down by five.


Yeah they had got down by five. The Knicks just gritty man. They, they, they've been like that You know, for quite some time and they grided out. They've been gritting out, You know, playoff wins throughout this whole postseason. Nah, we, we didn't expect, I'm gonna be honest, we, a lot of us didn't expect for them to win this series. They won the first two. Ah, then they opened our eyes. But man, when you have injuries of like it's gonna be hard for Boston to be able to compete with these dudes. They're not gonna compete not without Jason Tatum and see Joe. That's why you take care of business the first two games because maybe you can win a game. You maybe you can win one game without Jason Tatum, you are not finna beat the Knicks three times without Jason Tatum. They got no contributions tonight from Al Horford and and Holiday.


They got nine points combined between them now and they not aggressive on the flip. Like what you say Al and Holiday not aggressive. Like they playing almost 35 and 40 minutes and they shooting two times, five times three for seven. Like you got, you gotta get more production from those guys man offensively, You know it is just somebody has to pick it up. Yeah but it's hard to be aggressive when you jacking up three. They shot 48 threes. So how aggressive are you going to be if you shooting that many threes? Because clearly you are not driving the basketball, you're not trying to get to the rim. 'cause look, Jason Tatum had 42, he had three or three from the free throw line. Al Horford shot two free throws. Hol didn't shoot any Derrick White shot seven.


Jalen Brown shot six Pinga shot six. So when you jack up three Joe, I mean I ain't fitting to fire you on no three man. Look, even though they did file Derrick White once I'm, as I'm watching the game, I seen Tatum get to the midrange a few times. He made a few mid jumpers. It kind going, I seen him make a few mid, then he came down and made like two or three threes in a row. I said oh Lord. Yeah. So You know what that so You know what that means Joe, but yeah, yeah, yeah. For him to shoot 16 threes on old show. That's a lot of threes for one person. Man. I know he had it going. He was seven for 16. But I don't, I mean that's too many for me. I feel like him and Brown had the, had the advantage throughout the whole series and using they big bodies to create space.


Right. For Game v make plays not only for themselves but for them team for their teammates. I thought they had been doing a pretty good job at that. But they look pretty stagnant out there. It's just like your turn my turn. I think that's kind of why I like, I and, and, and and Holiday really got in, in involved because they switching to pick and roll New York. Like we not letting you throw back to the aisle so he can just shoot Scott free jumpers. We gonna, y'all got to play one on one. It's got ISO basketball on this who can get a bucket. Yeah. Tatum had it going but damn when he went down bro, I just, I just put my head down man. Like Oh yeah that, listen, listen, I, I'm, I'm, I'm not a doctor, I'm not here assess anything. But again looking at a player when he goes down and being able to assess what it is I non-contact.


Yeah Non-con. Listen, not only was it non-contact, I was able to do the same thing with Steph. I told you exactly what it was and the reports came out the follow morning. It was the exact same thing. It was with this one. I'm gonna hope for the best. I'm hope for the best because You know, anytime you have a non-con non-contact injury with a person and a player like that is crying and wailing around, you already know what that is. I'm not gonna say it him 'cause I'm wishing for the best for him. But listen, Jalen Tatu was on fire tonight bro. He was seven for 16. Jason, Joe, I Oh yeah, J Ja yeah Jason t You could buy, you could buy Jalen and, and you trying Brown and Tatum together. Is Jason Tatu, Jalen Brown? I'm talking so goddamn fast. My bad, my bad. You good? You good? Yeah. Jason, we know what you meant. Yeah. JC Tatum had had a hell of a 90 Now he had, he had 42, but the goddamn Knicks collectively as a group, they shot 54% from the field.


Right. A respected, yeah, 5% from three and oh again, IIII know I I've said it already, but that Jayden Brunson bro. Come on man. Big I listen. Hey Joe, whatever you wanna do, Joe. When it's time for a three, he gonna give it to you. When they gotta get to the bucket in, in, in the midrange and and pull up. He gonna give it to you when he got, he uses goddamn body so well, Joe. Yeah you do bro. Well it just all, all all kind of different angles man. Like they got to pay. Okay, lemme stop. Lemme stop. But the thing is Joe, I watched him in college at Villanova. He was the stay weight and he, he could get his shot. He wasn't this and then I watched him 'cause he go to the Mavs and sometimes what he needed was his own team.


He was never gonna be able to beat this with Luca. No, because Luca's gonna have the ball. He needs the ball Sometimes a man needs his own home. He needs his own place to call home. Yeah. That is New York. Hey, What you Think you did? You just hear that goddamn bar. You just hold on man. Hey, because he wasn't gonna be, he wasn't gonna be that in Dallas. He could only, he was only gonna be so much 'cause Lucas got the ball. He needs the ball and he, You know what, and I'm not this, it fits him too. They built this team around him. They did. I know they had, they, they've had highs and lows, but for the most part he's been consistent. And the thing that I like about him, he's so crafty, especially in like the pick and rolls, even in the post up because he's not the, he's not the most athletic guy, You know?


Nope. It's all angles and You know, hitches hesitations, keeping you off balance. It's almost like a boxer, You know what I mean? You throwing jabs, you hate makers all at it. And he, he, he's, You know what he can do? What's that? He can create a shot. Yeah. Oh yeah. There are very few guys that can create, I mean from any angle he can create a shot, don't matter. I mean he, I mean and he's a and for his size and I've been next to him, I've talked to him before and seen him in person. The way he can create separation That's right. To get that turnaround off that mini is incredible. Yeah. For someone his size. Yeah. But if you look at his body, he can absorb contact, play through it. Yeah. And get a one as good as anybody his size I've ever seen.


Yeah, go ahead Ocho. Yeah. I, I don't, I don't mean to, to disrupt. And you got away from it a little bit. It had to be my notepad. I need you to bring that back to me one more time. 'cause that was a bar. It was a bar. You didn't even realize it was a bar. You said about Jaylen Brunson not being able to Luca on the mask but needed a what He needed his own home. That's not because that's Hook's Home. Yeah. I get the same passion and energy you shared it with the first time. But I'm saying because if you look at it, if you go back and look at it before they didn't, they didn't give him because a year earlier they could have extended the mocho and they didn't. So now it comes time and it's like, okay, we got you now. No, no you don't. No you don't now. 'cause I already know somebody down here, they already got a hundred mil fuckers so that 55, I would've taken that last year.


Right. I ain't gonna take it now. Yeah. And so now he's like, okay, I'm in somebody else Ocho It's, it's, it's like when you go to your boy house, you comfortable. Yeah. But ain't no place like your home because now you can get ready. Hey you wanna walk around with your shirt off, you wanna walk around butt ball, you can do all of that 'cause that's your home. Yeah. You can't do that in someone else's home. So now MSG, that's his home. Mm. And he acts accordingly. If you look at the way he plays. Mm. He look at when Luke, that last year he was there and I think they went to the Western conference final. He was doing it. Yeah, he's doing that. The only difference is he didn't have the minutes that allow him to showcase what he's doing.


He wasn't playing. No. What he play tonight, Bronson played 40 minutes that game. 30, 32 maybe. But now he gets to take the lion's share of the minutes. Yeah. 14 to 25. Four eight. Seven to nine. I know he mad. He mad 'cause he missed that first three throw free throw. 'cause he wanted a 40 ball. Yep. That's what he wanted. He wanted a, he wanted a 40 spot. Yep. He wanted that 40 water. Yeah. But Ocho looking at, I mean looking at him play and looking at what he was with Dallas, I didn't see this. I didn't, I was like damn. 'cause I remember him last year and he was sensational. Luke could go to the bench and it was like they didn't miss a beat.


Yeah. So I thought he could be good, but not this. Yeah. I don't know if anybody thought this. Yeah, he did. Yeah. He, he thought this, I'm sure he believed in his own ability. Absolutely. But sometimes Ocho I can believe all I want to, but if I don't get an opportunity to showcase it, what can I do? Right. Yeah. Right. Listen, hey, he he's doing, he's, I don't know how to, how, how to, how to explain it on, on what he's been able to do. Not just for New York in general, the fans in general. Stephen a I know Stephen a gonna be hollering to not only had them in contention in playing well during the regular season, but to be pushing them through in the postseason.


Especially the game of this magnitude against the team that was the champions last year. And with them there crowned to be the champions this year and be up three one and him leading at the forefront of everything. And when it's time to get it done. I mean, Mr. Mr. Clutch. Yeah. Mr. Clutch. Every time we need a shot. I got you. We need, he's been the best player this series. I Got you. Look I understand what's on the other side Ocho. And that's not a knock, that's not a knock on Tatum Brown. But Jalen Brunson has been the best player in this series and this is why it's so hard to repeat. You see, everybody thought it was a foregone conclusion.


They won it going away last OCHO and they brought everybody back and everybody, all the key contributors basically 28 or under. Yeah. And look and just like that. So now you have a healthy level of respect for teams that year in and year. Now you get an opportunity. Now can you appreciate what LeBron did? Eight straight finals. Eight straight, eight straight. Not one, not two, not three, not four, not five. Not six. Not seven. Eight straight finals. You see how hard it is because as think about it, that's year after year you played LeBron playing 70 games a year. Yeah. And now you are playing, you gotta win four games in the first round. So you might be playing 5, 6, 7 games.


5, 6, 7 games, 5, 6, 7 games. Then you go to the finals. Yeah. It's tough man. You think about the teams that beat three P even like the Bulls, even the Lakers, the Bulls, the Lakers in the nineties like three P bro. That's crazy. But that's why, that's why it's so hard in football. Yo. Think about it now you playing 17 games, okay? You only playing three preseason, but you play 17 games now you play three playoff games every year. Yeah. You done played half a season. If you three, if you like the Chiefs, they've already played half a season. Yeah. They just did the postseason. Yeah. That catches up widget because guess what, by everybody else give their body six weeks to recover.


You still going your six weeks to recover. You try to take six weeks on your, you damn near back in Medicare, you in OT, eighties. Everybody else that got their body to recover on your, you done going on vacation, you like baby your girl and your wife probably saying, Hey baby, where we going on vacation? I sure hope you enjoyed the Super Bowl because that was your vacation. And, and and that's the thing. It it's it's, it's so grueling on your body. You play And think about it, Ocho now and, and Joe, they playing back to back. They play Monday. They play Wednesday. They play Friday. They play Sunday. Yeah. When you get a day in between, they, that's not a lot of rest. When you playing 40 minutes a night, You know what I mean?


Yes. Hey, hey. But look, we, we, we gotta get a niche. They credit, oh they bowling the the bridge because I thought he, I thought he was gonna grind him to the, I thought he was gonna grind him to the nub. Man. MHA bridges 44 minutes og 40 minutes, Kat 36 minutes. Brunson 40 minutes, heart 30 minutes. Now Har and Kat only played the minutes they played 'cause they were in foul trouble. Yeah. Had they not been in foul trouble, they ass would've been in there 40 minutes. Right. Hey look, if if OG and Bridge is going to play like this and be efficient, you're not gonna be able to beat the Knicks. Now with Brunson and Kat playing the way they playing and you add them two in, see that's why they got them two to come over there because they needed them to deal with Tatum and Brown. Yes.


And and even before Tatum's injury, they had been doing a pretty good job. Look if he going, if he gonna shoot like he did, come look, we know Tatum can catch five and he can go give you a 40 piece. Yeah. He know you. You know that. You just gotta, Hey, hey, you just gotta grit your teeth. The bear ace or a he be shots coach don't look over here. Hell, I'm looking, I'm frustrated just like you. I see what the hell he doing? Hey, hey. I mean look at some of those 30 footer. He hit step, step back, 30 foot over Cat, what the hell you want me to do? Yeah, he ain't got it going. He see a couple go in. Yeah. Crowd. Yeah, it was a wrap.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness month in Talkspace. The leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy by talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code Space 80


Made for this Mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle, this is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain Because it's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that. Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


A lot of times the big economic forces we hear about on the news show up in our lives in small ways. Three or four days a week I would buy two cups of banana pudding but the price has gone up. So now I only buy one. The demand curve in action. And that's just one of the things we'll be covering on everybody's business. From Bloomberg Business Week, I'm Max Chakin. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. Every Friday we will be diving into the biggest stories in business, taking a look at what's going on, why it matters, and how it shows up in our everyday lives With guests like Business Week editor, Brad Stone, sports reporter, Randall Williams and consumer spending expert, Amanda Mull will take you inside the board rooms, the back rooms, even the signal chats that make our economy tick. Hey, I wanna learn about VI chain and I wanna buy some blockchain or whatever it is that, that they're doing. Listen to everybody's business starting May 16th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


But I think the thing is now, and that's why, that's why Joe and and Ocho is that you take care of business. You had 20 point leads in the third quarter, you let 'em slip away Now, okay, let's just say for the sake of argument, you are up three. You up three, one going home. You might can win a game without Tatum. Daylon Brown is plenty good enough. Yeah. Yeah. Derrick White is plenty good enough. P Preton Prichard coming off the bench. They're playing. Al gotta play better than what he's playing. You are not finna beat the Knicks three times without Jason Tatum. I don't give a damn how well JB play. I don't care how well Derrick White play and Al Horford. You are not finna beat the Knicks three times Without Jason Tatum.


It Ain't happening. Not Not unless somebody have not, unless somebody step up and just have an out of body like you going need JB to be awesome. Like he gonna almost need the average about 35 here on out. And then you find hope somebody come along with him and You know Derrick White can probably stay consistent at the way he's been playing. I think he's been, he's been pretty good for him. But man, they gonna need some guys to really step up, bro. Just to even give themselves a chance at home next game. 'cause I'm sure the Knicks gonna close 'em out. Oh yeah. I I I'll leave anything to change man, because guess what I step on, Hey, I shoot a jump shot and I come down on somebody's ankle. Mm. You see what I'm saying? Don't you? Yeah. Yeah. Somebody said to I I bang these with somebody.


No, no, no, no. I'm finna get y ass up outta here. I'm going home to rest. Yeah. Y'all finna to let, hey, get your coat your brim and get on out of this gym. I I wanna get your Coat, your hat and leave. I don't mean to be looking towards the future. Right. Let's say the nick came up outta this, which they probably y'all gonna do. Yeah. Who we have. Who we having Nick's facing Pacers. Yeah. That's gonna be a good series. I can see that series going seven games. Okay. Okay. The Pacers beat 'em, the Pacers beat 'em last year. Beat 'em in MSG game seven. Right. Brunson didn't have his best day and everything the Pacers was throwing up was going in and sometimes you have it like that, you throw it up, it go in.


Yeah. And, and and and you're like damn can y'all miss? But I agree with you. If you going to get 23 from Bridges, 20 from og Hold on. Bridge is shot 11 or 21. Yeah. OG was eight or 14 Kat. You see the difference? Kat was 11 or 15. He only attempted three threes. You see the difference? Oh you see when they get his big ass down on that block on Joe. Joe what I tell you when he get down there on the block and stop trying to outshoot dirt, I don't care if you can shoot better than dirt. Yeah. You're not gonna go to the championship, play it like that. Get your big butt down there and punish him on the block. He did that Brunson was 14 or 25. If you tell me they gonna get 23, 20, 23 39, You know, hey it was gonna be hard for Busa to win that game if you knew that coming in into us.


But for sure they shot 54% from, they shot 54% from the floor and Boston is a very good defensive team. Yeah. They got Derrick White that can defend, they got a holiday that can defend, they got Brown that can defend. They got Horford that can defend They got defenders. Yeah. And they shot 54% against that team. That's Crazy because Boston is another team that switches everything. Yeah. Yeah dude. Hey look, the leagues been, they been gritty on Ocho. You, you see how they grind wins out. Y'all imagine what New Yorker be like if them dudes make it to the finals, let alone if they even just get out this series. Hey it's gonna be crazy. Matter of fact Man, I could, I I Hey man, can you imagine what them tickets gonna cost courtside than me?


MSG Them tickets probably started by 30,000 More. More than the Lakers. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And the Lakers, they might start at 50 50 because the Lakers and for the NBA finals, the Lakers right now. Oh that. Oh, with Luca and LeBron? Yeah. Oh yeah. You starting at 30 35 and the closer you get to center the court, them tickets might be a hundred thousand. Sure. Oh sure. We gonna be watching right here in on the couch for sure. Hey, matter of fact, for sure. Absolutely. Hey, Absolutely. I'm I'm I'm gonna give you, I'm, I'm gonna give you a bonne a b better scenario, You know, word play as far as where we gonna be watching it based on them tickets. I'm gonna be watching on my property.


You got chill, you be going marketing. I would be, I'ma be, I'm gonna be eating some chip. I'm be eating some, some chips. Here some kind of chips. And right here drinking ginger ale. Ain't no way. Oh yeah, I've been, like I said, I've been to an NBA finals game. I mean like that was on my bucket list to like do, like I still gotta go to Wimbledon. I wanna go to the Daytona 500 or the Indy 500. I've been to a US Open, I've been to a Super Bowl, been to a World Series. Yeah. Certain events that, a bucket list, You know what I'm saying? Don't Yeah. But Wimbledon will probably be on my bucket list, but 40, $50,000 for a ticket.


Who, Lord, Listen And outta everything you named. Obviously I, I've been to Wimbledon, I've been to the US Open, You know, I could tell you, you probably gonna like the most because it's something that not used to being at that got that goddamn Daytona 500. Right. Yeah, I can imagine. I know when you, when you, when people talk about it, all they say is, oh and just cars going in a circle. But when you get yourself inside the atmosphere and you sit in them stands, you get your food, you get your beer, you get your, your hot dog and whatever, whatever con you might need and them cars crank up on and you can feel Oh yeah, Ain't nothing like the 800 horsepower boy. Mm. Oh my God. Ain't nothing like it. Ain't nothing like it.


And a lot, a lot of people, You know, they trash NASCAR because of, You know, whatever it may be. But sometimes you put all that stuff aside and you go in and sometimes You gotta go see it for yourself, yourself. Ain't nothing like it. I'm telling you that's, that's one of the, one of the most amazing first dates you can take someone on. If it's something that you're not used to doing Well you better hope she don't like to talk. 'cause she you ain't, you ain't gonna hear a damn thing thing saying she ain't gonna hear a damn thing. You say nothing. No car so damn loud with that look here. Well that officer, I was at Watkins Glen and you talking about gentlemen start your engine and boy they start Woo.


Okay, okay. Hey man, hair. Yeah man. Hey and hey and they take off and they going like this and they, hey get them. Hey them, them tires up. Start the grip. Hey Joe. Ain't nothing like it man. Ain't nothing like it. But I'm going to the Daytona, I'm gonna go to the Daytona. I, I I'm gonna see day that's, that's on my bucket list. But I don't know, I in order to, in order to extend this series, Joe, what do the Celtics have to do in order to extend this series to a game six and come back to Madison Square Garden? Man, they, they gonna have to lay it on the line.


They gonna have to lay it all out there as far as winning. Like they're gonna have to have guys step up and make plays maybe who aren't accustomed to. But I think, I think Hol is capable of having a big game I think. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He can get you 20. Tyler is capable of having a solid game. Double, double. You just gonna need JB to kind of be special man. Like he a Peyton pressure to come in and get off. But the way, but You know what's been hurting him Joe? What PGA hadn't given him Ish because he don't look healthy neither. He don't, he ain't, he don't look like he moving good at that neither. Yeah, he ain't, since I don't know what going on his last, even since last final run, You know what I mean? It seems like it's kind of Yep. Hamper with him throughout the, the entire season.


So he had a, he Had a knee, he had a knee injury. Right. Was it a knee or ankle? I Don't know what he had. He was out For, he was out for a while and ever Since he, ever since he came back. But he needs to get it right in order for them to have a chance. He's gonna have to play better than what he's been playing ch chance at 20 minutes. Four ten two or seven from three point line. That ain't nearly enough. That ain't good enough. Yeah, no, lemme take that back. He owe two from the three point line. Yeah. Three or six from the free throw line. Two or six from the floor. 24 minutes, seven points. Nah bro. Yeah they gonna, they gonna need somebody to step up and play big. But I think New York, they on to 'em. They like okay it's our chance they probably could go and get this old with maybe get a couple days to rest.


They had a 14 point lead and, and the Knicks trimmed it. Yeah, just like that. That's why when I be watching, well when you, I watch the Celtics, they be getting off to them hot starts. Even though t Tatum was hot in that first quarter. I was thinking like, damn it's gonna be hard to sustain this. You know what I mean? It's almost like you sit up for us to sit back and watch and be like, okay we know the Knicks gonna make a comeback at some point. You know what I mean? And it seemed like it just kind of starts to trickle down whether they just start having turnovers or Miss Shy. So just Ill, they read it, they read they buried reckless with the basketball. Oh man, they buried reckless with it. Ill advise three point shots. That really starts the fast breaks. And they had, yeah, yeah. I mean there was a situation they went down and, and and in that corner three I'm like, Derrick White, you don't need to take that bro.


It's okay. It's so, it's it's okay. You don't have to take a three. And they took that and it is like, I I I agree with you Joe. I don't really know what they can do outside of, of, of JB giving you a 40 piece Derrick White coming along with the high twenties and somebody else tagging along for maybe a mid twenties. Other than that I just, I just don't see it. They getting clip killed on the glass. Yeah. I mean they getting killed on the glass. Yeah. Plus 12 nicks were plus 12 again plus six on the offensive glass, which mean creates second chance points. And the Knicks only shot 12 free throws. Well, and, and, and then second half, especially down the stretch in the fourth quarters, I mean in the fourth quarter of the game the Knicks just imposed they will on ocho.


They, You know, they gonna fight you all game bro. And it's the last seven, eight minutes of the game or in the quarter, You know what I mean? And they, yeah, they just, they just basically impose they will on these dudes. I think, You know, I, I got, I I think the Knicks got got something special in for us, man. The way they play and how many, how many times we see MHA bridges late in the shot clock hit that fade away man. Every, I mean at least four. I mean how many points he have in the fourth quarter? Hey he did about three or four times in the paint. Y yeah, three, four times in the paint. Lean back with it like he with Jordan. Yeah. 'cause normally when he gets the ball it's probably like four or five seconds left.


So he got Oh yeah, he got just enough time to get in his bag and get him one off real quick because ain't nobody, they not going double him 'cause they so tight on brushing and all these other dudes. So the floors kind of wide open for him to kinda, You know, play, make and score. But yeah, I thought bridge was huge man. He was huge. He was, he was again in the fourth quarter. Remember that game too? He had 14 points. He had zero points for the first three quarters and didn't have 14 in the fourth 10. He had ten fourth quarter, ten fourth quarter points today. Big bucket after big bucket after big bucket man. And you, and if you the nick, you want him being aggressive like that 2121 attempts. Like you want him to come out and be aggressive and make plays, take some of this fresh out Brunson and ca You know, so things can kinda open up.


I thought he's, I think he's been doing a pretty good job, You know, especially today. Yeah, he was five or six from the floor in the fourth quarter with 10 points. Hey, and look, if you, if you don't have a 20 point even you got a 20 point lead on them in the fourth quarter, they gonna cut it down. Yeah, they gonna cut it down to 10 to 12. They coming. It's just a, it's just a matter of time. But our thoughts go out to Jason, Jason Tatum. Man I know a Celtics fan. We're sorry. This injury does not look good. We don't wanna speculate to what it is. But we saw a guy go down with a non-contact injury and he grabbed his ankle.


Yes. Foreman. That's what got me out. I'm like man he can't put no up. Yeah, he knew 'cause he done heard everybody say what it felt like. Yeah. And he felt that very thing. Yeah. And we've seen it enough guys all of a sudden take off and just crumble to the ground. I'm going in and do me some cat raises night just 'cause of that. Ah. Oh, Nico back. Oh, oh, Nico Harrison, he in good. He back in Good grades. He's in Good that man. Hey, hey listen. Ah Joe, hold on, hold On. Hey Joe, hold on. What I think, I think all this was preplan Joe.


Oh, I, come on, I think all this preplan. I know they talking about lottery and Oh you lucky. And who gets the number one pick and I think all this, all this was done purposely, man. I Said so basically what you saying is you saying they since, since they done sent Luca out there to LA they done made it to, okay we, we going, we gonna give the mayors number one pick. That's what you think? Yeah, no, Nah. They, they, they know they man come on. You see Hey, nah that's mil, that's Milwaukee's pick. I want Luke, I want y'all look that, that, hey look, that's exactly what I'm finna ask y'all. So what do we do with this number one pick now that Dallas got? Do we do, we go out, You know, okay, today's NBA lottery did not help the NBA rigg conspiracy theories.


The Mavericks had a 1.8% chance of landing the number one overall pick. They had the four, they're the fourth longest odds ever to get the number one overall. Pick the number, number two spurs, number three Sixers, number four hornets, number five, jazz. I'm glad Washington and all those other things that tank, you're still dying at the bottom. That's what you get. That's, that's what you get. Derrick Rose, check this out. In 2008, Derrick Rose going to his hometown Chicago Bulls. He had a 1.7% chance the 2011, the Cavalier's getting them one picks after LeBron left prior.


Because think about it, when LeBron left, they got the number one pick like three, four years in a row. Yeah, They got, they got Kyrie, they got Wiggins or they got Benny, they got three of the, in 2012, the Pelicans got the number one overall pick after Chris Paul leaves, You know, they beat and that's when they vetoed that trade, wasn't it? Oh, in 2014 the Cavaliers got the number one pick to give them assets needed to bring Kevin Love to Cleveland an and the Pelicans got the number one pick after Anthony. Davis demands the trade in 2025. The Mavericks get the number one pick after trading Luke at the trade deadline, Joe.


Now the first time they thought the lottery was rigged in 1985 was the first time they had the lottery. Lottery and the Knicks got Patrick so that they, they swore so so y'all think it's red? I don't think it's big man. It's a basketball guys. Nah, ain't no What I'm thinking, what I'm thinking is like what, what are they gonna do with this number one pick now they gonna package this and and go get KD or Giannis? No, no. I already listen, I already talked. No, no, no, no, no. Not kd Giannis. I'm not giving No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Giannis, you going to give Giannis you gonna forget trade number one. But I don't, I don't, I don't know if that's enough because now the money gotta match.


I already told y'all why y'all talking about Giannis going to Dallas and I already told you where Giannis is going. He says he San Antonio, Listen to me. GNI says he wants to play in the state with no tax. What'd you think Dallas, Texas, Dallas is no state tax. You know Texas, Dallas, Houston. He Wants to come to Miami. Ain't nobody here. Well you said you said you wanna play in a state that don't have state taxes. Okay, but You know what I thought I'm leaning towards, You know what I'm leaning towards Dallas is AD and Kyrie's team.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy by talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare, you'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in-network with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CCE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code Space 80


Made for this Mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle, this is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal Mountain because it's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that. Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming, how she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


A lot of times the big economic forces we hear about on the news show up in our lives in small ways. Three or four days a week, I would buy two cups of banana pudding, but the price has gone up. So now I only buy one. The demand curve in action. And that's just one of the things we'll be covering on everybody's business. From Bloomberg Business Week, I'm Max Chakin. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. Every Friday we will be diving into the biggest stories in business, taking a look at what's going on, why it matters, and how it shows up in our everyday lives With guests like Business Week editor, Brad Stone, sports reporter, Randall Williams and consumer spending expert Amanda Mull will take you inside the board rooms, the back rooms, even the signal chats that make our economy tick. Hey, I wanna learn about V chain and I wanna buy some blockchain or whatever it is that, that they're doing. Listen to everybody's business starting May 16th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


Check this out O Joe. For the first time in his career, Giannis is open-minded about playing for another team. According to Shams, Giannis wants no income tax and a top player to help him. San Antonio has 36 future draft picks over the next seven years and one of the cleanest salary sheets in the NBA Oh that number two pick Who? Oh, and he got Weby. Ooh. And he got Stefan Castle Rookie of the Year and they got a smorgasbord 36 picks over seven years. Now, I don't know, You know my math ain't that good, but that's about five picks a year if you project it.


So, so IG hey, I give you the number two pick in the draft. I'll give you Vassel, I'll give you Kelvin Johnson. I I give you four, I give you four first round picks and two pick swaps. Mm. Come on with it. Now you say it's hard to turn down. Dang they turn nothing down with the collar For For who? For who? You saying the the Spur. I'm gonna give you the Spur. Got the number two pick. I'm gonna give you him, I'll give you four Future first round picks. Unprotected. I'll also give you two pick swaps. I'll give you Vassal and I give you Kelvin Johnson. But that number two pick ain't gonna be Cooper Flag.


They want the number one pick. Huh? Hey, I ain't got it no more. Pick. Hey and Dallas. Dallas might say well hell we'll pair Cooper flag with Ad and Kyrie and keep it for our damn self. I'm saying is they gonna win you is they gonna win you a a championship though? Think about that. Him as a rookie, can he come in and fit in and and and be a key player to what they trying to do. Can Giannis, Kyrie and Ad can they fit in? Hell yeah. Ad don't wanna play the five Giannis don't wanna play the five Giannis wanna play the four man ad Wanna play the four? Wanna do that? They wanna win what they wanna do? Hey, well hey, well you heard what ad say?


They say I I just play better. My mind is at ease when I'm at to play. He got, he got gas for live over there. What, what, what? Oh, they got to go. You ain't finna keep on. They gonna be, you be to keep at least one. No, I want 'em both. Nah, they gonna give em both. They gonna have to keep, they gonna keep going. They gonna, no, you keep, you can keep Powell, you're not keeping both of them. You, you getting the confusion. You hear all the confusion. See all the confusion, the hypotheticals y'all going through. I'm, I'm gonna let y'all finish and when it end Ocho ocho, unless, unless you pair with four other teams, you don't have the draft capital Draft. I know we don't have the draft capital. I would break it down in further in PowerPoint presentation the way it was given to me, You know, by the, the higher ups, You know, in, in part of the, the he organization.


But I can't do that right now. But again, he will be down here in Miami. I'm telling you, I keep, I'm trying to give you hint after Hint every show, it ain't nobody listening to me. Houston got the draft capital and the young players a Jabari Smith Aray and Green and the draft capital. Brooklyn got the draft capital. But I don't know if they have the players Utah have draft capital. I don't know if they have the players. Do you want L Marketing on the Collins Sexton and four or five draft picks? I don't know. But Houston with Jalen Green and Jabari Parker and excuse me, Jabari Smith Jr. And four first round of Joe to to Milwaukee for Giannis.


Yes, because I pair of Giannis, I pair Giannis with Shung and I, I I gotta keep a, I gotta keep him in Thompson now I gotta keep him see that you gonna, it just seem like you going, I don't for whatever reason it like, you gonna take away some of the shooting or the scoring. It's like you, because You know, I'm mean Thompson and Giannis Giannis, they, they all almost like same type of player almost. No, I been gonna be better. He he gonna getting better. He getting better at shooting the ball. And plus we need defenders. Remember what happened last time Milwaukee got away to defend defenders. Yeah. When they gave up holiday. How they look? I'm saying you gotta have somebody that can defend it.


No young is going want to have that ball in his hand a lot. I think, I think the young boy, if they gonna do that, they, he know he gonna play that. He going to, he gonna control that rock a lot more. You know Young gonna to play off the ball some, huh? He don Yeah, I know. Terminate the ball. That's why we gonna keep, that's why we gonna keep a point guard. We gonna keep Van Fleet. Okay. It sound good. Yeah, that's it. Just sound good. That's all it is. It just sounding good. But, but I'm saying you gotta go to the team because they want players and they want draft capital, right? There are only a handful of team that have players and the draft capital. You got San Antonio, you got Houston, you got Utah, Brooklyn have the capital, but they don't have the players.


Right. Houston have the players and the capital. I see what you're saying. Utah have capital and players, Laur, marketing, Colin Sexton, they have some pieces. So he's made it clear. Look, no income tax 'cause hey I'm about to, I'm about to sign this new Max deal and I want all this, I want all this, I want all this channel in my pocket. So he's telling you, he's telling you what he wants. Also He is telling you he's coming from Milwaukee. He doesn't wanna go to Utah. He doesn't wanna go to San Antonio. He wants to come down to South Beach. He wants to, That's not what he said. He said a state with no income tax. I'm telling you that's what he said. I'm trying to Give you a hint. You not listening to me. I'm telling you what I know.


I'm not telling you, I'm not saying I'm shams, I'm not saying I'm woes. I know they, but he also said he would like to be in LA too. Now we know he can't go to the Lakers. But what about the Clippers? I don't know if the Killer Clippers have it. They got, do the Clippers have the players? They gonna have to give up Harden, Hey or Kawhi because they ain't got no other pieces they don't want. Nor and nor Norman Powell Z Box. I don't know if that's enough. They don't have the dr they don't have the draft capital. All those other teams, they got seven, eight, first rounders. I'm gonna tell you this now. And they got capital Jalen, you, you like Jalen Greene, you like Jabari Smith Jr. Yeah, I mean what what you love? What you like Joe? I like and four first riders and two pick swaps. Man.


I I I like some way somehow getting him to Dallas, him and KD to Dallas. That's what I like. Oh, I can see KI can see KD going to Dallas you see. But not for Cooper flag. They're not trading Cooper flag for kd. See y'all not gonna understand till uc or here. Boy, you seen Yonas last night on one eighth, third. Yeah, he was in twosies getting, You know, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the second floor, getting the shoulder rub. A Y'all not gonna listen to me until why I was, I was, I was with Gs, we went to dinner, we went to dinner on South Beach. But y'all keep coming up with all these hypotheticals and I'm telling you where no to be. We're j I'm just looking at without the team, without for getting three or four teams involved.


I'm looking at a team like Houston that have the capital and the players that can do something straight up. I'm looking at, I'm looking at A-A-A-A-A, maybe a Dallas, a Cooper flag, a Daniel Gafford and I don't know Clay Thompson, Manhattan. But I, but you gonna need Klay Thompson to space the floor. But you do, Hey look them, them, them fans in Dallas gonna be peed off. They messing around trade their number one P, them folk want Cooper, even for Giannis, them folk won't Cooper flag man. Giannis is the only man, the only man, he, and he did it twice, 30 points, 12 rebounds, five assists on 60% shooting. Nobody's ever did it once he's done it in back to back years.


And in the postseason he's was even better. 30, 33 points, 15 rebounds, six assists, man. Oh, he just shot 57% in the playoffs. That's all. But You know, hey, they lost. Oh man. I think the Spurs have the best chance because they have, they, You know what I'm saying, him and Wendy. Mm. With Castle. You got Chris Paul, yep. Kelvin Johnson, vassal four first rounders, some pick swaps. I give up five first rounders, that'd be three O-K-C-O-K-C has the, has the capital to move it to get it done. But I don't know if Presti wants to break up his young core.


His young nucleus. Yeah. Especially after they win it. So it, it's, it's, it's it's, it's gonna be very, very interesting. I don't see, I don't see the reason that he stays, that they can't, they can't improve. Ah, and I told people this and I remember having a very conversation, oh, I don't want to go, I wanna go join somebody else. Giannis. If LeBron James couldn't get anybody to come join him in Cleveland, you damn sure can't get somebody come join you in Milwaukee. Period. And as great as you are, if you take LeBron at his peak and you take Giannis at his peak, LeBron was better and LeBron couldn't get anybody to come join him via free agency.


Right. So I don't know what to tell you Giannis, you see all these people do all this talking, Joe. But if you not careful, you'll become the very thing you despise the most in a person. Everybody despise LeBron James going to link up and I be damn Ocho, what is everybody going to do now if you're not careful, you'll become the very thing you despise the most in a person. If you hate a liar, if you're not careful, you'll become one. If you hate a cheat, if you're not careful, you'll become one. If you hate a thief, if you're not careful, you'll become one. If you hate a superstar that go link up with other superstars. If you're not careful, you'll become the very thing you despise the most in a person.


Hold There, hold there. Well you see I ain't what he do it. Why he do it? Ocho you Can do it every time In mysterious way. Everybody. Oh, I want to stay here, I want to be do this and I want to do that. I be damn. And LeBron LeBron's sitting back there in this Brent Wood mansion like, oh really? Oh really? It is not time. And y'all mad at me. But y'all don't realize, Paul, it was KG and Ray Allen did it first. Did y'all realize that the Boston Celtics didn't draft KG or Ray Allen and they joined Paul Pierce? That was the big three and then they got Ray Rondo.


It was really a big four, but I know y'all got it in for me. So y'all said I did it. Okay. Hey look, I wanna see him on the move. I wanna see him in a different, in in a different uniform. Gonna be in one vice city. Yeah. 3 0 5 Dade County, Liberty City. But, but, but I thought he didn't want to go play with other great players. He said that Kevin, we gotta pull that article. We gonna have it next time you come over here where he said he ain't mean he ain't mean it. I know. Yeah. Mean he needs some mail. He needs some, you see. But because see what you do, Joe, see what you do.


Is that when LeBron do it? See if I say that's not what I wanna do, everybody say Yeah, watch, see how Jannis is, see how Jannis is. But see that's the thing about the internet now it's forever. Yeah, it's forever. Yeah. Because a lot of times some people say stuff died in the seventies if you weren't around to hear you don't remember or the eighties. But this thing, this, this, this adventure called it internet. Oh, it's amazing thing. It'll stay up there forever. Yeah. Hello? Yeah. But I, I just don't ocho and look I understand Miami, but wait, listen, we, we have, we do, we multiple you, you do realize Tim Duncan was going to go to Orlando.


The only reason he didn't go, You know why he didn't go on Joe? Yeah. They said he could not fly his wife on the plane when they go on. They said okay. He went back. Yeah, he, because Papa allowed it. He was gonna be in that with Tmac and Grant Hill. Yep. And Grant Hill, Tim Dun, it was a done deal. He asked do y'all allow significant others on the team charter? No, that's not what we do here. But that's what they do. Where I left and I'm going back. Yeah. That's crazy. There's no, so at the end of the day, in order to get said, I mean there's a lot of, a lot of times when you want to, when you want a CEO, you have to offer perks.


24 hour security. Yeah. You get Lifetime Healthcare, you get X amount of Jo hours on the private jet. There are certain perks. There are certain concessions you must make if you want said individual. Yeah. Sometimes. I mean to get a guy like Tim about it, Tim Duncan and Tac and Grant Hill, all because You know what? Well we have a policy name, a rule that what? That that hadn't been amended or, or, or, or beat a little bit. Yes. You make concessions. There are certain things that you have to be willing to make concessions for and if, if it, if it's more than attempt Dunking or if I get an opportunity to get a Shaq or Kobe in their prime of LeBron.


Mm Oh now in this situation a Giannis. Yeah. How many times, how many times do we see players and then their dads or somebody they know is on the staff. Right. All the time. Yeah. Okay. Now you can be stubborn and tell about that ain't what we do. Okay. That ain't what we used to do. We do it now. You you need some help nowadays, bro. Absolutely need some help because these teams, these teams are, they're too good.


We're too good. 'cause every, everybody, everybody got at least two. Everybody got two. Yeah. Some even three, maybe even four. Yeah. And, and so now Giannis is looking at it like bad. Look at best case scenario, Damon's not coming back until the start of the 26th season. Yeah. 26 head to 27. Yeah. Yeah. Dane wanted to be in, wanted to be in Miami to begin with. Pat Riley didn't want to give up the compensation. See Pat think he could strong arm people. Nah, nah, we take the best deal. We not just fitting to give him to you. Right. That's not gonna happen.


It's not. Yeah. So it's gonna be very interesting. This thing, I mean look, Cooper flagged. I don't believe Dallas will trade Cooper flag. Mm. I don't. Yeah, they they might have, they might run Nico outta town if you do that. That's right. You got rid of Lu, you got rid of Luca and me. Hey, hey, hey Cooper. Yeah. You got to go. You got to go. Listen. They might, hey, they might storm the Castle Ocho unless, unless what you bringing in going to deliver a championship, but still you gonna have to go through the grief all the way up until the end. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. Like I don't listen.


I Dunno. Because even if you win and won with Giannis, they gonna say we could've won three or four with Cooper When You know how this work Ocho and Joe, it is never good enough for the fans. No, it never, never that. And I, if, if I'm Nico, if, if the owners have any inclination about getting rid of Cooper flag, Nico need to step down because I'm not following on the sword again. I'm not follow, not following on this sword again. So, so Uncle Ocho, y'all think Cooper Flag can, can help lead the Marick? Maybe not his first year, but I think he's good enough in a couple years. Yeah. Look, only Magic Johnson did that, but Magic Johnson had the MVP riding shotgun Kareem.


That's what I'm saying. So how, how, how many years y'all expect for Kyrie ad to stick around for? They gotta wait for him to develop as a, as I think his second year. I think he's second year he'd be good. I Think he nice now. He nice. I know he nice but Nice When last time we seen a rookie leader team to the playoffs on, but here's the thing, but you do realize Kyrie probably ain't coming back to the top of the year. He, Kyrie ain't coming back here January 26th, Joe. Yeah, I forgot what about that. I forgot about it. Forgot about Kyrie injury. Yeah, they can't, they can't left. So You get Kyrie, so you got clay flag ad and Lively.


I like them. You still need some mole pieces, right? They do. I'm right here. They gonna need some more. Go back to why the NBA? No. If you look at the top television markets, New York number one, LA number two, Chicago number three Philly, number four Dallas Fort Worth. Hmm. Oh Joe, y'all don't watch TV in Miami? I'm sorry. There's too much going on. Yeah, yeah. I mean, you, you right. But listen, I watch tv.


It's a lot of stuff going on. I don't be outside. I don't be outside. Not like that stuff Like that. Well, well you need to tell a, you need to tell a lot more, more folks. Be like you and stay inside and watch tv. That's Different. The things, when people come to Miami, You know they're so, They come to do stuff. Yeah. They come to, they come to do stuff. I've been here all my life, man. Yes. You know, and I understand there's nothing out there. Depending on what you're looking for. It ain't outside. You know. So I, I have a great understanding. But people need to come here and enjoy. This is a melting pot for all ethnicities, for all cultures. Anything you wanna find. It's here in the city. Restaurants, food clubs, you name it, you could find it here. Seattle and Phoenix are above Miami, Seattle, Phoenix.


What you talking about? Tv? Yeah. Oh yeah. Well, understandable. That's why they tried, that's why they tried to get a team, tried to get a team back in Seattle. But we still, we still, the better, we still the better city outta everybody. You name it. Now, regardless of what those TV ratings say, we talking about Miami. It sells itself. Yeah, it sells. Sorry. All them damn hurricanes and pop Up. Hey listen, thunderstorms. One thing about H one, one thing about hurricanes is, You know, two weeks in advance. If you can't get your ass outta here with two weeks notice What I'm gonna do. What, what about I'm gonna do with that pop up thunderstorm that they let me know five minutes beforehand. Listen, if, if, if, if a popup, a popup thunderstorm is small, so you're gonna be all right.


That's why, that's Why I out there, my nice leaning, You know I'm out there about nice leaning next day I look like a a, a plugged duck. I'm all up. Hey it's, listen, if it's a popup thunderstorm, it is still 90 degrees. You right. I know. I don't. Hey now, hey, the rain come for 10 minutes and now the humidity goes up to 1000. Man. Like you walking in the sauna. I know exactly what you talking about because I'm from Georgia and we get up. I used to, hey, when it rain we was outside. I'm doing manual, we working at tobacco, we doing whatever. And then that sun, I was like, Lord, please don't let it stop raining, just let it rain for the next hour.


Yeah. So we can knock off. So the boss, so Mr. Jones said, all right, we gonna call it today. Man, that thing rain for 10, 15 minutes. If we go back out there, that sun, Hey don't ojo. I wish you, when you right boy, Miami is a special place man. Hey, I told you I you been here Joe. You know I ain't really listen, the product sells itself Joe. I ain't really gotta say nothing. It's like new magic. You know, you don't need to do nothing. You don't need to change the name of Blue Magic, You know. Hey, Right now, right now you boy on ice. Okay. Okay. I got you. I got you. I got no comment. Yeah, Yeah.


No father comment. No further commentary will be added, but at a later date in time. Yeah. Yeah. The Volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace. The leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche. We embrace as core. There are so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


A lot of times big economic forces show up in our lives in small ways. Four Days a week, I would buy two cups of banana pudding, but the price has gone up. So now I only buy one Small but important ways from tech billionaires to the bond market to yeah, banana pudding if it's happening in business. Our new podcast is on it. I'm Max Chaffin. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. Listen to everybody's business from Bloomberg Business Week, starting May 16th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.