
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn Up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


I'm Cyndi Lauper. My psoriasis was all over, even on my scalp, which may mean four times the risk for psoriatic arthritis, but Cosentyx works on both. Cosentyx. Secukinumab is prescribed for adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. 300 milligram dose in adults with active psoriatic arthritis. 150 milligram dose. Don't use if you're allergic to Cosentyx before starting. Get checked for tb. Serious allergic reactions, severe skin reactions that look like eczema and an increased risk of infections. Some fatal have occurred. Cosentyx may lower ability to fight infections. So tell your doctor if you have an infection or symptoms like fevers, sweats, chills, muscle ache, or cough, had a vaccine or plan to, or if IBD symptoms, develop or worsen. Learn more@cosentyx.com or 1-844-COSENTYX. Ask your doctor about Cosentyx


Whole Foods market. Has Thanksgiving gatherings covered first thanks. First. Reserve your no antibiotics ever fresh whole Turkey today, starting at 2 99 a pound or go with their organic spiral. Cut bone and ham full of seared in flavor for sides. Choose whole Foods Market, grab and go. Platters, go even further and get your whole meal catered. Just order online by November 26th. Get Thanksgiving ready at Whole Foods Market Terms apply.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different Vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. No one can stop you For more. check out Bose dot com.


When I was 69, I got sick one day. I went to the emergency room


This week on a special edition of Web MD's Health discovered podcast. We dig in to respiratory Syncytial virus or RSV. I wish I'd known the symptoms. I wish someone had talked to people my age about it. Cold and flu season is here. So stay informed about RSV and what you can do to prevent it. Listen to health discovered on America's number one podcast network. Iheart open your free Iheart app, search Health discovered, and start listening.


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in-season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New draft King customers BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with Draft King Sports Book every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. As you watch the Baltimore Ravens go to eight and four with a 30 23 victory over the Los Angeles Chargers. Derrick Henry got back to being Derrick Henry. Well, the Ravens allowed Derrick Henry to be Derrick Henry, right? 24 rushes 140 yards. Lamar Jackson, 16 or 22. 1 77, 2 touchdown. Clean game. Clean game. That's what they needed to have. They got back to their winning waves. OCHO 37 rushes 212 yards 177 passing through for Lamar and the Ravens win to stay in contact with the Pittsburgh Steelers. 30 to 23 over the Chargers. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharp. That guy is Liberty City's own bingo ring of Fame artery Pro bowler all pro.


That's me. He's a, he's a member of the anniversary team of the Cincinnati Bengals. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him Mocho. Hit that subscribe button. Hit that like button. Tell family, friends and loved one to also subscribe and hit the like button. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from, and thank you guys for all your support and your continued support because without you, there are no us. And so hopefully you like watching us, you like listening to us and we can continue this train down the tracks in 2025. Please make sure you check out Shaa by La Porter. We do have it in stock. The holidays are right around the corner. What better way to have a festive holiday than was shave by La Portier.


If you can't find it any city or a state near you, just order it online and we'll make sure you get it for the holidays so you can have a joyous holiday. But do me one favor, please drink responsibly. Go check out my media company on all of its platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company. 84. We had some drops just last month. We launched our Black Friday. We just launched that items Up to 50% off shirts, $20 off. Hoodies are $40 off. All teas and hoodies are back in stock. Nightcap glove Shehe and 84, everything is in stock and Ash discounted it way too much. We also have beanies and coozies quantities are limited. So make sure you grab yours while supplies last Ocho the Harbaugh Bowl.


Well, yeah, he's kinda getting one sided because John doesn't lose to his younger brother Jim. I think they're only 13, 14 months apart. But Henry rushed the ball for 140 yards. Lamar Jackson recorded three total touchdowns, two through the arrow, one on the ground. And John Harbaugh again improves the three and oh coaching matchup against his younger brother. The Ravens improved to eight and four and they leapfrog the charges who failed a seven and four in the a FC Wild card standing. The parents were not in attendance OCHO because they were celebrating the 63rd wedding anniversary. Hey, that's a beautiful thing right there, man. I know, I know, I know. The game was good. The Ravens won 63 years of marriage.


63 years of marriage is a beautiful thing. I don't think people understand how long that is. Yeah. Hell, they don't. Hell, I'm 56, that's seven years longer than I've been alive. Hey, My my point. Exactly. You know, if if you, if you, if you ever have to get counseling, if you have to, if you ever, ever have to have a therapist when it comes to longevity and being able to do something the right way, that's who you need to be talking to. So the harbaughs their parents, they need to go into, into get their license for, for, for counseling and then doing therapy. Because I wanna know how you lasted 63 years By not giving up. Say It again? By not giving up, by staying together, by choosing you make choices.


Yeah. You can work through things or you can let things work over you and separate because we, we've gotten, we've, it's gotten so easy to just walk away. Yeah. But f you help you. Okay. Bye. Wait. But that, that's, that's the easy, that's the easy way out. Yes. That's, yeah. Especially in today's world because we have this, we have this notion which, which, which in in, in case it is true, everything is replaceable. Okay. Okay. Things there. We're gonna, you know what, I'm gonna go find another you. Yeah. I mean that, that just, it's just the times that we're in now as opposed to back in the day they worked it out our, our grandparents. Yeah. You know, my grandparents, you know what ain't finna start over. Sit your ass down. We finna work through this.


Sit your ass. Matter of fact, when you cool down, we'll talk about it later, right? Yeah. That's a lot of ups and downs, don't you? That's a lot of working through ups and downs because ain't no way in hell, there's never been 63 years of blissing anything. I don't care what it is. Right. Nothing has ever been 63 years of bliss and happiness and joy. So obviously through the rough times, you know, Hey, that's still my partner. I still love her. Yeah. We disagree currently, but we're gonna work through it. I still love him. We're gonna work through it. Right. And that's what you have to do. And I I I think now this is, like you said, it's gotten easy to just walk away. Yeah. Instead walk through. It's easy to walk away from a person than walk towards that person and try to meet them.


And the funny thing about it is we continue to always walk away, right? Yes. Continue to always walk away and I'm, I'm, I I can, I can speak for myself. Right. And I, I can't speak for everybody else. We continue to walk away. We find somebody else and the motherfucking cycle continues to repeat itself, huh? Right. The cycle continues to repeat itself. And obviously, I mean, I ain't no goddamn therapist and I ain't no counselor, but I'm assuming based on experience, if you want a long-term relationship, you gotta be ready for the boring days. You gotta be ready for the tears. You gotta be ready for the arguments. Yeah. It ain't all about happiness. It ain't gonna always be about happiness all the time. Right. And I think, I think obviously when it comes to women, the expectations of everything always being perfect is, is is embedded in their membrane and head that it's gonna always be like this.


And that's not the case. No. Anyway, it's not. We gonna get back to the football game. We done got off track and we just started the goddamn show. The Ravens 30 23. Victors over the charges, Ocho the Giants, let's sa Quan Lee. Look at them. Look at the Eagles, the Titans. Let King Henry lead. Look at them. Look at the Ravens, the Raiders. Let Josh Jacob leave. Look at them. Look at him. Those three teams have a combined record of seven and 26. Yeah. Re running backs that left. Their new teams have a combined record of 25 and nine. Maybe. Maybe elite running backs matter. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Running backs that change the dynamic of the game.


You just named three running backs that can hit the head off the goal post no matter where they're out in the field running backs that teams don't value the way they should thinking that they can just replace them. Yeah. And just another person. Or I can go pick and pull another one out, out the hat like a goddamn rabbit. But that's just not the case. Ojo. Yes, sir. Tell me the Dallas Cowboy fan. Tell me Jerry Jones thought. Yes, sir. Ezekiel Elliot was better than Josh Jacobs. He was better than Aaron Jones who was also available. He was better than Saquon Barkley who was available. He's better than Derrick Henry, who's available on what planet. You will not find one Dallas Cowboy fan. Right. Hell, Ezekiel family is honest with him. They'll tell him, you're not better than those guys.


And he's not understandable. And you mean to tell me you brought him Ocho you gave up on him because you said he couldn't do it anymore. You bring him back a year later with 200 more carries on his legs and says, okay, now we figured this thing out. Derrick Henry. I, I, look, I ain't gonna tell y'all to put him in the eye. All I'm gonna say is just hand him the damn ball. Yeah. That's it. Just hand Him the ball ball. You see the Did you, did you see the difference, Chad, did you see the difference in his, their offense tonight? Yeah. They ran the ball 15 more times than they threw it. Go back and study the Ravens this year and look at the game they've lost. And you tell me what you see. What's the common denominator?


Yeah. Just Tell me the common denominator. I ain't gonna tell you. I want y'all to see for yourself because y'all say, you know, I'm, I'm creating a narrative. So I want you to go look at the games they've won. Yeah. And look at the games they've lost. And then I want y'all to jump back in the chat and says, okay, Shannon, we see the common denominator. Yeah. I mean, listen, the, the Chargers as good as they've been playing all season as as, as well as Harbaugh has changed the culture to a winning culture. Justin Herbert playing phenomenal football. The goddamn ravens were just too much. Yeah. The Ravens were too much. When they decided, when Todd and Monin decided, you know what, I'm gonna put the game offensively on Derrick Henry's shoulders.


I'm gonna put it on Derrick Henry's shoulders. And that's exactly why the goddamn Ravens won this game tonight. I mean, amongst other things. But the most obvious one, Derrick Henry, what? 24 carries on? 24. 24 4 Buck 40. Yeah. And like, like you said, anytime he has over what, over over 16. Yeah. They win every game. Every game. This entire, the entire day of the season. Anytime they try to go back and draw back and throw the ball more times than they run, they lost every game the entire season. Yeah. I realize, I realize y'all be in the chat trolling. So I don't even play. Y'all gonna take Wait, Wait. What they say, what they say? My off don't be watching the game. I know they trolley. Oh no. They t they trying to get a reaction. I don. They they are, they are A reaction. It's just the same thing about that, about that Kamala Madame DP last night about the about thing.


All you gotta do is just look at the campaign ocho it'll tell you what the campaign paid the money for. Right. And maybe somebody did get money to interview her. I didn't. She did. Oprah said they paid her staff because, you know, somebody have to have the production then nobody paid me. I paid my staff. Right. We have advertisers and sponsors that every time, you know, you see the ads, y'all just like, y'all saw the ads and when we came on with Nightcap, yes we have advertising, we have sponsors, but there was no money. I do not pay guests. Guests do not pay me to interview them. But I like to think Ocho, when people come on club Shehe, it is a mutual beneficial situation. It is. We're gonna get you eyeballs. We're gonna get people listening to you.


And plus you gonna help tell your story. And people don't wanna come hear the story. 'cause maybe you're gonna say something they haven't heard before. That's how it, that's how I think it works. Right. There have been a lot of comedians that have come on the show and said, man, I appreciate you having it on. You know, show's been doing really well, we've added some shows, blah, blah, blah. Shows have been really sold out. So I appreciate that. My response to them, bro, that's you All I did was give you an opportunity to tell and let people see just how funny he or she. Just how funny you are. Right. So I think it's beneficial. I don't need to charge them. They don't need to pay me. Everybody who gets something in the end, even swap isn't a swindle because if we both getting something, how can it be wrong? And so that's the way I look at it.


I love capital. You see what I'm starting to see though, Ocho I don't know if you notice this, capitalism is fine until people that look like us start to capitalize. Oh yeah. Most definitely. Okay. It's always be a problem. You saw that too. It's Always be a problem. Matter of fact, the funny thing about it is sometimes when it comes to capitalism and us being advantageous in those situations Yes. Has its own people that have a problem with us. I Don't get it. I don. That's why, that's why I don't get on Joe. That's why I don't get it. Somebody don't. If somebody else attacks me from the outside, it's kind of like a family. Like, if somebody else attacks me, long as it's not my family, I'm cool. Right. Long as it's not my community, I can deal with it. 'cause I'm expecting it. I'm thinking in the community. I'm like, well she, I'm good.


Right? I mean, hey, they see what I'm doing. I'm trying to do the best I can. I'm trying to uplift my community. Yes. I give back. I just don't tell y'all what I do. 'cause they know y'all business. But I'm like, damn. But it is what it is though, Joe. That, that we, you go back time and nobody was perfect. They, they, they, they, the way they treat, we'll get better. Hopefully one day I'll probably be dead and gone. But hopefully our community will get better and we'll take care of one another. But look, the people at Nightcap, they do a great job. People at Club Shehe, they do a great job. We, I realize that we have way more followers than, than naysayers and doubters and, and people that, that want to try to tear us down.


Ocho Yeah. 'cause we're not where we are without it. I'm not, I'm not ni I'm not that foolish. I'm not that naive. And we should, we have to expect OCHO as we get better, they're gonna be more and more people to take shots. More of me because I'm more, you know, I'm more, a lot more, you know, people. I, I'm, I'm low hanging fruit. Right. So it's easy. Just reach up, be lay. Let's take a Le lay let, let's, let's take on Shannon because he's in the algorithm and we're gonna get more views. We're gonna get more people to respond so forth. And so, right. But I, you know what, at the end of the day, I realize that, look, there are a lot of people counting on me. I'm not gonna mess this money up. I'm not gonna mess it up for the people that I've hired. I'm not gonna mess up your money because I, I, I personally recruited you because I wanted you to have to, to enjoy this and to be a part of this.


So I'm not gonna mess your money up. I'm not gonna mess my team money up. And so, you know, Hey, Now wait, wait, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait. Slow down, slow down a little bit. Now at some point at sometimes, sometimes you gotta stand on business. It's okay. Okay. Sometimes you have to allow me to be the enforcer that I am. And there's an issue with somebody, you know, within, I Got no issues Within our world. It's okay. Look, it's Okay the way I, it's, it's okay to put a little baby pot in your hand. It's okay to put, all Right. You hear me? I want that Ocho Let's go ahead and get, listen, let's go ahead and make this bread and then we can make a clean break. Okay. Wait, hold on. What, what we breaking to A Puerto Rico, Columbia.


The Dr. I don know, we go somewhere on each Other. Oh, hey, hey. The Dr not, not, not, not be talking. 'cause I've heard the stories about the dr I don't, I don't know what it's really like. The only time I go to the DR is when it comes to doing my cigars. But yeah, as far as leisure and, and, and, and pleasure time or whatever. I've heard the story. So if you wanna go, let me know. And, if you gonna do it. You wanna, you might wanna do it now while I'm available. Man, I just got off the poll with time. Hey, he called me. So we discussing some stuff. You talking about. Man, I was serious about that man. Be you and Ocho. I said, man, look here. I ain't going nowhere. Yeah. I ain't going nowhere with you guys. I'm not. Come on. No, no. Because all time wanna do, all he wanna do is Joan, he want to get me by himself so he can really be himself.


Right. Right. He just gave people a glimpse of how he is with the cameras on. Can you imagine what I'm gonna have to endure if there's no cameras around? Oh, But, but imagine, think about the time we can have now. Think about the memories. Think, think about the memories that we can create us three. I'm not sure why he would say no cameras. I think that's something that should be documented that we can look back. Okay. We can look back at Okay. Years from now. Okay. Okay. You gonna go? I'll think about it Dan. Yeah. Matter of fact, listen to me, stay with me real quick, man. Listen to me. This could become a, a, a, a, a docuseries of some sort. Oh Lord. Dan and Prime and OCHO travel Man, we get back on this game. We'll talk about that a little later in the show.


Derrick Henry has as many games with a hundred plus Russian yards this season as games that he doesn't. So he's six and six, right? So he has six games with a hundred yards and he has six games in which he doesn't have a hundred yards. But I guarantee you look at the games in which they've lost and see how many yards he has and the games that they won. Normally the game isn't close when he rushes 400 yards. Nope. But Lamar look, Lamar Jackson on Monday night, he has 22 touchdown passes, zero interception, and he's seven and two. He protecting the ball too. Huh? He's protecting the ball. He has to ocho he has to protect the ball because it defense is not strong enough to get it back for him.


And that's what I'm afraid of. I'm afraid that defense, because if you look at their secondary, they don't really consistent, they gotta bring pressure. Okay. I bring pressure Ocho the secondary is really the weak unit of my team. So if I bring pressure, they're even more compromised. Yeah. Well You, you would hope the pressure gets there fast enough where they can hold up for two, two and a half, maybe three seconds. True. You're hoping. Oh, I'm looking at, but I'm looking at, they brought, they brought a blitz with the, with the corner Wiggins. He run right by Herbert. Yeah. Well you, you know how it is when you, when you blitz, listen, I'm not a defender, but when you do blitz they call, you have to blitz under control. Under Control.


You got to blis under control. 'cause if you don't, if you're going like a bat outta hell, the quarterback gotta just make one little move you Up. All they do is all they up. All all they did was step up and he read right past him. Yeah. Right past him. Because you not, you're not under control. No, you're not selling. It's not like what they teach you or Ocho as a gunner. They say just throw you sell out. Just sell. Just sell out. Don't check your feet. Just sell out. Right. But if you rushed to the quarterback, you can't sell out. No. Not like that. No. And you like, I call it you being quick, but not in a hurry Tonight. Mark. The four time this season that the Baltimore Ravens have rushed for 200 plus yards in a game.


John Harbaugh squad now leads the NFL in rushing with twenty one hundred and sixty one yards in 12 games. They, that's who they are. Ocho Yeah. That's who they are at the, at the core, at the very foundation of what the bottle more ravens are. They're run First football team. Hold on. And they have success doing it like that. Now when you can run it Ocho guess what that means now? Lamar Jackson play action. Yeah. It, it opens up everything else. Bateman. You got, what's the name? Flowers you got, you got, you got likely you got Andrew. Andrew. Everything is so wide open. Just look, just play.


Just you see what the Eagles are doing. Yeah, man. But both of those guys, Ocho I don't know If you notice, if you look at it, Saquon leaves the league in Rush and he's at like 13, like almost 1400 yards. I think he's at 1392. Yeah. Derrick Henry's at 1325. Hell, both guys might go over 2K. Yeah. Now I think Saquon had a better chance 'cause Saquon has played one Fuel game, right? Or they both at 12, I think. I thought what you call them was like eight and three in the Ravens are eight and four.


Does the Eagles have their biweekly yet? Eagles are nine two. So they both, yeah. So that got, so the, the, the, so Saquon has six games go to go. Mm. Now he's on pace to go for 2151. He has an outside chance of going and get Chris Johnson 2,500 total yards. Right. Well if he gets either one of those, he's getting the MVP. Yeah, most definitely. If He gets either one of those, he's getting the MVP and Deservingly. So. Yeah, most definitely. But you know, that's very difficult though. That 25, Hey catching, catching cj that 25 you got to be on. You got be on point.


But here's The thing. From Now on until the end of the season, you, you Gotta be on court six games. Look at, look at the teams that he's playing. They got the command. Where are the commanders? Where are the commanders? Rush d They got the Cowboys again in Philly. Remember what he did the last after the Cowboys? Yeah, most definitely. He got the Giants. He got the Giants again. Yeah. And he got the, the Commanders Rico. Rico Ell got 86 yard I. don Saquon can get one 50. Hell no. That's gonna be, that's gonna be a good one. Yes Sir. Guess what? Huh? The Eagles play the Ravens next week and Bemo And I'm going, let's go to the game, Man.


I ain't going no game. Hey, if I'm Derrick Henry, I say, I'll tell you what I do. I got five bands, man. If they, y'all hold Saquon under Hyundai, I got five bands for everybody on the defense. Five. That's it. That's 11 players. What the hell you mean? That's it. That's 55 bands. Well, yeah, the kind of money they making now, they ain't about nothing now. Yeah, he was say I ain't making that kind of money. Lamar making that kind of money. I ain't making it. Lamar making 50 plus billion. I'm making eight. Right. Oh yeah. But I got, I got, I got a sweet pot. I gotta incentivize it. Yeah, you can. I Gotta in it. Oh, Joe just like you. Hey man, man don't y'all let t come in here and show me up.


Don't y'all let and coordinate man. Don't y'all let receive aid. Yeah. Come on now. Owe them some good days, man. Yeah, Man. But that's old bad. That's good. That's gonna be a bar. What they play Sunday or Monday when they play. I, I bet they gonna flex it too. They got, they, they gotta flex to a night game. Well, Saturday is the 30th, so Sunday is the first. Wow. Ooh, that's a game. Yeah, it's gonna be a good one. That Is a game. A, a a A. But that's what, hey, when we play the playoff game, Ocho Oh yeah man. We put money up. Anybody calls the F five grand. Anybody recovered? 2,500? Y'all Did that? Y'all did that for real?


Oh, we weren't supposed to say that. Yeah, we did. Oh my. Hey, hey. I, I was finna say, okay, I, I like that. Oh, statute of the statute of limitations over with. They can't Do. Okay. Okay. They can't do nothing. 25 years ago we could What? No, the team can't do that. We could do it amongst players. Oh, again, amongst yourselves. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Hell yeah. We had, man, we had, we had a, a collection in in practice jump off sides. Oh yeah. Scooping, scoring picks. Oh yeah. Quarterback throw. Interception, interception. Interception. Okay. Yeah. Now we, we had a pot Listen as a receiver book, we just had a small little pot, you know, dropping the ball, dropping the ball in practice, dropping The ball in game. Remember Friday's double red zone? You play double.


Oh man. I had the highest, I had the, the, I got fired the most. I jumped outside, I ran the wrong route. I dropped the ball. It got picked for a score. Hold on. In one Practice. In one play. You mean one practice? One play. Hell no, man. That say, man, man, that hit me up because I, yeah. I jumped outside then I like f it. I ran the wrong route. They said I lo the ball hit my hand. Right. The guy hit me and read it back. So it what it is. That's Fine. It's better than practicing in the game.


Oh yeah. Oh absolutely. Oh Joe, the Ravens defense made it tough for Justin Herbert on tonight, Zach ORs defense register for sax on Herbert giving them 39 on the season. Baltimore has recorded the third most sacks in the season, sitting behind the Denver Bronco. Four. Four. The Houston fo two for the league lead. But Ocho I'm trying to figure out when you get that many sacks, how your secondary is that bad? Hey, come I been Think Ocho, you got the third most sax, so clearly you getting hold. Yeah. And for the most part also Ocho, if you look at it, they playing with the lead. Yeah. Even the game they lost, they had leads.


Yeah. At least 10. They had a 10 point lead to the Raiders. Yeah. They had a 10 point lead. 'cause they lost the two teams. That was, that was that got losing records. Who else they lose to? Who else they lose to? I know, I, we know they lost to Pittsburgh. They lost to the Browns. Right. And they had a leader. Go Ahead. You, you gotta think about it. It ain't about when they getting home. It is the times when they not getting home is the issue when they can't hold up and courage. Right, right. You know when quarterbacks are scrambling and making big plays, you know, a, a Ali Bengals when they had to play 'em and Jamar Chase.


Yes. And the other big time receivers, when they make those play and it's not small plays, they taking small stuff and taking it to the house. Yes. They giving up big plays. No, the one thing don't let nobody get behind you is the number one rule as a safety or a db and everybody behind 'em every time. Okay.


Hi, I'm Cyndi Lauper. My scalp was covered with psoriasis. Felt like I was trapped between a rock and a hard place. Then I started Cosentyx. Cosentyx Secukinumab is prescribed for adults with moderate to severe black psoriasis. 300 milligram dose. Don't use if you're allergic to Cosentyx before starting get checked for tb. Serious allergic reactions, severe skin reactions that look like eczema and an increased risk of infections. Some fatal have occurred. Cosentyx may lower ability to fight infections. So tell your doctor if you have an infection or symptoms like fevers, sweats, shills, muscle aches, or cough. How a vaccine or plan to, or if IBD symptoms develop or worsen. Learn more@cosentyx.com or 1-844-COSENTYX Cosentyx works for me. Ask your doctor about Cosentyx.


Congratulations to CBS sports and Sony Electronics for their first place wins for innovation in industry. At this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business in a collaboration that was clearly built on breaking new ground CBS and Sony created a first of its kind broadcast for the PGA championship using a custom built T-Mobile private five G network. To power the live production. They deployed a 5G wireless camera system throughout the event. The network speed, combined with Sony's innovative ultra low latency video codec allowed for seamless high quality footage without disruption. With that innovative approach, CBS gave broadcasters the tools they need to do what they do best, take their coverage to entirely new places. These innovations will shape the way live sports are covered moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, Sony and CBS for their unconventional thinking


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now that the holiday shopping season is in full swing, my PayPal debit card's a real MVP. I'm out here stacking deals on deals. And with this card, I'm maximizing every purchase. That's why I'm calling Black Friday Stack Friday. One of my favorite ways to rack up cash back tech. Love it between holiday shopping and grab-able gifts. I'm shopping for tech more than ever. Are you? I am with family and friends visiting those gifts pile up fast thanks to 5% cash back. I'm earning every time I shop for tech. Here's the best part. Each month I get to pick my cash back category and earn 5% on Up to a thousand dollars in purchases. So for me, tech is a no-brainer. Whether it's gifts for my family, latest products to add to my collection, I'm stacking up those deals. So this Black Friday, turn it into Stack Friday, 5% cash back on a category of your choice. Health, groceries, beauty, apparel, and just for this holiday season tech, don't just pay PayPal terms And limit supply. See terms at PayPal dot com slash rewards pal. This card is issued by the Bancorp Bank and a pursuant to a license by MasterCard International Incorporated. And may be used everywhere. MasterCard is


accepted.


It's not a typical topic of conversation, but everybody could stand to learn more about colon cancer screening. Did you know there's more than one way to screen? It's called the Cologuard test and you can use it at home. And did you know you should start screening at age 45, not 50 45. And that includes everybody who's at average risk for colon cancer. Even if you eat right exercise and have no family history or symptoms you need to screen. And Cologuard is the easy, quick use at home way to screen for colon cancer. So talk to your doctor or healthcare provider or go to cologuard.com/podcast to see if you're eligible to order online. If you're 45 or older and at average risk, ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with Cologuard. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at cologuard.com/podcast. Do not use Cologuard. If you have had adenomas have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes, or a personal or family history of colorectal cancer. False positive and negative results may occur. Any positive results should be followed by a colonoscopy, not a replacement for colonoscopy in high risk patients. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


This message is sponsored by Subaru celebrating the 17th annual Subaru Share the love event going on now through January 2nd. For every new Subaru purchased or leased during the event, Subaru will donate a minimum of $300 to charities like the aspca. Make-A-Wish, meals on Wheels or the National Park Foundation. To learn more, go to subaru.com/share. Subaru more than a car company


O chose the Jeffs retained media company to help with head coach and GM search. The media company Jeffs hired called 30 13 run by former NFL execs, Rick Spielman and Mike Tannenbaum. Jeff Urich, who's the team interim head coach, also says the team has no plans to shut down Aaron Rogers, I guess. But they, they, they, they wanted to come out and say that, huh? Yeah. After, after it came from somewhere. It doesn't go, it doesn't come out or get out in public unless wherever there's fire, there's smoke. Sure. Or wherever there's smoke, there's fire. I don't even know how the scene goes, but somebody lying. Oh yeah, Yeah. Some somebody, somebody's lying Who's trying to shoot it down now because they came out, they trying to shoot it down.


They trying to shoot it down. Absolutely. You, you're right. I playing Man. Who they think they fooling. Well, maybe, maybe the, maybe the Casual fan I was going that night. Not last night. Yeah. But if you played the league, and you'll understand, even if you haven't played in the league, if you understand, I mean, most fans, you understand how the lead league operates, so they're not fooling you. Now, maybe it's your team and you don't wanna believe certain things that's coming out about your team. But if you understand, you've watched, you follow the game enough. Right. And you normally have what happens when things happen, they might not happen at that very moment. I think sometimes people, when it didn't happen within a week, people become dis that's fake news. But then all of a sudden you see the pieces start to move.


And then maybe six weeks later, maybe a year later, Hmm. Boom. See it happened. But look, this is, this is, this is very usual that teams hire outside corporations for the head coach in the general manager search. Right. I'm surprised, you know, Mike Tanenbaum was once, he was once the general manager of the Jets. Yes, you're right. Rick Spielman was the general manager of the Minnesota Vikings, if I'm not mistaken. He was also at New Orleans, wasn't he? Or he was just at the bikes. It's been a while ago, man. It's, it's hard to me. Spillman Mrs. Spearman wasn't no, that, that, that wasn't him. He wasn't part of Detroit at all, right? No.


Okay. That's Matt Millen. But I think Rick Spillman, I knew, I think I knew he was at the, he was at Minnesota and New Orleans or just Minnesota. Okay. No. Okay. Okay. So we'll see what, what happens after that. Brian Day Ball said he spoke to Malik Nab. Malik Nabors after the red. He's a very competitive individual. Again, you want to get the ball in his hand and you got to do a better job of getting the ball in his hands early. He's a smart young guy that's very competitive. And again, when you lose like that, it's frustrating.


But we've had good communication as we always have. The Giants play on Thanksgiving against the Cowboys. Don't you I don. Don't, don't don't, don't talk me to death. Don't talk my head off. I'm about action boss. I'm about action. We in week 11. We in week 12, whatever week it is about, if we Have a conversation about getting him the ball, Show me, show me. 'cause you can tell me anything and come game day, I get lost in the sauce again. Matter of fact, the first 15 plays of the game is scripted. Show me how much you love me show. I show how much you really mean what you said to me. Yes. About my, you know, don't no, don't let me waste away. I know we losing, I know we having a bad season.


Things aren't going. Like, Be losing. Just throw me the ball. Matter of fact, let's give the Giants fans something they want. Let's give 'em a little entertainment. Huh? Put the ball in my hands, man. I agree. It's pretty Simple. We see what he can do when he get it. I know that much. Yes, I know that much. Look, we are seeing flashes of greatness from the young rookie every time he touches the ball. But for some reason, why not feed it to him? It's common sense. If there's gonna be some type of shining light on the Giants organization allowed to be a number one. I'm just, I'm just based off what I've seen before. Oh Yeah. He, he's for sure number one. ocho. Just give 'em the ball.


Let's throw it to, but see, look, the Giant's not serious because you know, I didn't know you, you know how I know they're not serious because Drew Lock has been their backup. Ocho how would you feel? You the backup, you the number two receiver to the X, right? X get hurt. They bring up somebody, they, and they bring, they bring your backup or somebody from the practice squad and put him in front of you. I, I wonder what the reason for that was. I mean, hon honestly, they ain't try to win no games. I would love to hear the truth behind that move. They Ain't trying to win no games. So I'm, I'm assuming you think without where they think they can win games. They can win games with Drew Lockin. What you saying? He might stumble into one. He might get hot throw for 300 yards and win come. Nah, no, no. Nah. We gonna be bad.


We gonna get us a high draft pick. Mm. We gonna sit right here where we are and we gonna get the quarterback. Wait. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Oh, okay. I know the quarterback you're talking to, but I think you over there in B Who, who would have the number one pick right now? Probably Jacksonville, Travis Hunter in Jacksonville. Nah, I don't, I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that, like that. Well, that's right. Now that's, that's, that's, that's where he is going. Yeah. Well somebody else gotta come up there and get him. I, don I don't like I don't like that. But you know they Ain't gonna trade it.


You know what? I might, because the question is, can Travis Hunter, if you, are you Travis Hunter away from being competitive now I'll trade him for three draft three First round picks. Damn. Three. Hell yeah. Chill Out. 2, 2, 2, 2. Think. Okay, think about what you got. Think about what they gave Up to get Trey Lance. Yeah, They get, they swap positions. They gave up two ones. Two and a three And a three. Yeah. That's why, that's what I said two. That's to go to three. You coming all the way up to one. Right? I I like That. I'm saying that you won The Cowboy. Huh? Where the Cowboys at right now? Probably nine. No Cowboys way down.


Cowboys won full games. So they probably like in the team, they probably like 13. Never. Man. He ain't gonna be there. No, He ain't gonna be past three. Shit. Hell No. Somebody gonna trade Up to Giddy. Somebody trade up to get him.


Oh Joe. Before our next segment. The Farmer's dog make, makes and delivers fresh, healthy dog food right to your door. Developed by bets and made with fresh real meat and veggies. Food is proportioned based on their unique nutritional needs. Get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at the farmer's dog.com/ Nightcap. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to farmer's dog.com/ Nightcap to get 50% off because we love our dog so much. We also wanted to show some love to our fans dog. Oh, here's some pic of Night Cappers Furry friends and their fall sweaters Hova up first from, I hate T Payne. That's Hova. You got a Reindeer costume? Yeah. Paisley is up second. Okay. Creed and Tchaa. Ziggy, this is Ash. The all up. Why? Why You gotta put him in a TCU sweater. That's A Motso. Bijon. That's a Bijon. That's dog. Here is Moose. Moose Harris, Cody, Cody with Santa Lulu. Taz, I miss my Taz. Look at the Frenchy named Taz. And here is Armani, Armani arm, Amari, Amani and Jackson. Amari, Amani and Jackson. Thank you Nightcap fan for sending us those pictures of your furry friends. We greatly appreciate it. Again, get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at the farmer's dog.com/ Nightcap. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to the farmer's dog.com/ Nightcap to get 50% off.


Baker Mayfield OCHO is reportedly suing his father and brother investment firm for $12 million. Yeah. Baker alleges misuse of the funds between 2018 and 21 saying they diverted money without authorization to cover expenses. You see ocho, you see OCHO now See if, if he crashed out he wrong. Yeah. Why would you do that to your, why would you do that to your, why would you do that to anybody? Ocho why would you take something from anybody but your brother, your son? But wait a minute now you know what the root of all evil is. It's always been money. What ruins families Money. It always has. And it always been that way.


It's always been that way. You can't trust anyone around that kind of money. Hell, millions got thousands, hundreds of thousands. And you, you add millions to the equation. Absolutely not. They they, they not gonna do. Right. Matter of fact, the people that do it for a living, forget their investment firm when it comes to investing, when it comes to earning the making money. It, this happens all the time. You get people power of attorney and power to do things that they shouldn't be able to do with your money. Everyone always has a great idea when it comes to with your money, weight make when it, when it's not theirs. They always do. Yeah. It it ain't my, it ain't mine to lose. So I'm gonna take the chance anyway.


And I hate that man. How many horror stories have we heard during your era from players? During my era? A bunch. I hope Make gives his money back. Shit man, that's a lot of money. Ocho. Hell, I've seen people do something bad to people for less. Oh yeah. Much less. Yeah. And the funny thing about it, think about all these situations like this when it comes to money being funneled out, you know, without a power of attorney, without the person actually knowing or willing, do they ever get that money back? I I've never heard of somebody recovering a hundred, a hundred, a hundred percent on a dollar. My my Point is, I mean you might get, you might get 30, 40 cents on a dollar, but still Ocho man 12.


It's not man, that's a lot of, first of all, 12 million. If they spent 12 million, that being Baker had to make 25 million. Because that's how I don't understand that people, I hope y'all understand that when you end the tax bracket, the Baker Mayfield is $12 million. That mean he had to make 25 million. And it, that's why you gotta be real careful. You gotta be real careful even with family. Yeah. I try, I try. What I try to do Ocho I I, me personally and I, I want what's best for my family. But I couldn't invest that. I couldn't invest that kind of money. You can't, huh? No. No. I couldn't. No, I'm not talking about your family.


I'm saying in general, I couldn't do, I couldn't do the same either. You have, you have to have an understanding what money does to people. And if you have people in your family or people that you're dealing with in general. Oh, they'll do anything for a dollar bro. Yeah. If, when it comes to the kind of money we, was we making a actually, the kind of money we making right now? Yes. Oh yeah. They'd Do anything. Yeah. And you got the wrong people in your corner. If you had the wrong people in your corner that would do anything for a dollar, they'd do anything to you for that as well. I, man, I can't believe that. I can't believe, Man, shit. Your Your brother and your father Man A total stranger.


Ocho you get that because, but see that there again, you see people a lot. The, the, the biggest mistake that people make is they talking about blood makes you family makes us related. Right. There's a difference between being related and being family. Family wouldn't do that to you. Real family. You Know, you know Ocho you know how how it go when we get a bunch of money, what the family say? We, Rick, we made it, We, we, I don't speak French. Go broke. Oh man made that end. He ba he lost all that. He bankrupt. It ain't no more.


We now, it was we when we had millions, we ain't got nothing. It's you. So guess what? When I made it, it's me. See what y'all wanna say. I don't care man. No, I didn't. Y'all know how I was. Yeah. Before I got it. People that know me know how I was. I took care of those that was in my circle. Yeah. I still do. Ain't nothing changed. Right? Yes. I have more money. More money than God. I even when I laid the bed in that old 10 roof household show, I never dreamed it'd be this good. Mm. Never.


Yeah. Did I, did I plan on being successful? Did I plan on playing in the NFL? Yes. Did I think once my career was over I could transition. But if somebody would've told me, if somebody would've told me when I got let go from Fox, they shout, this is what you're gonna be doing. I said, man, get that f outta my face. Ain't no way. Ain't no way. Well we listen, we bout in that same goddamn boat now. Yeah. Hey, we bout in that same goddamn boat. 'cause I, I didn't know what my transition would be like. But, but the fact of the matter is where I'm at now. And hold on, let me, in the season I'm in right now, sh I I would've never had no idea. Not just with you, but I'm talking about all the other blessings, you know, that, that, that have come.


Yeah. You got a lot of stuff going on. Yeah, you do. I deserve My grandma said all the other stuff that has been bestowed upon me. Sh man. And you think, you think I and messed this up. Sh boy the devil is a lie. Yeah. Now do you my hair turning gray. Y'all getting on my nerves. Hell, Hell no, man. I can't believe this. But I ha I man ocho I hate when family members do this to other family members. All him. Man. That's that man's brother just ain't no no second cousin, no third cousin. This your brother. This your dad. Your dad. You were steal from your son.


I ocho I allegedly, I hope, I hope this is a misunderstanding. I hope that's what it is. Well, ain't no misunderstanding. 'cause it was a misunderstanding. It wouldn't have came and gotten to the point it is now where the public and the world knows about it. Oh, That went not to the courthouse. Yeah. Oh, this is public record here. Yeah, most definitely. I look, I hope that's how you know of serious. I hope, I hope Baker, we got it tied up. We're gonna be able to get your money back and blah, blah, blah. Hopefully they got it in Bitcoin. Bitcoin is, is, is, Hey, we know what Bitcoin is. It's higher than giraffe hoo-ha. Right now. So hopefully they got it. Bitcoin ocho and they going to give him his, his money back. Personal percentage.


Right. And they got a little something from themselves. That's what I'm hoping. Ocho that's what I'm hoping. Right. Damn bake bro. I bro, I bro bank, I feel bad for you man. I really do. I really do, man. Because nobody, you can put all that work in there. Ocho Yo Matt Ebra flu is not doing himself any favors today. He said he threw the challenge flag on Jordan Addison's 69 yard play because it was explosive. It always warrants a challenge when you have that big game. Even if we don't have the best look at it, I'm assuming he think where he, where Addison got hit and he thought he stepped outta bounds right along the sideline. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, hey, he, he, he, he, he has an eye in the sky that's sitting in the booth that will let him know that he did not step outta bounds.


Oh. So just stop talking that talent flag. Well, okay, what, what, what's wrong with why can't, why can't you just say nothing? Look, I thought he stepped out of bounds. We got, you know, we got whatever the case may be. Hey, it was a mistake. Obviously we shouldn't have challenged knowing now, but to say, right, Lord have mercy. Listen, it is all about be it's all about being ma media savvy and read, read the room. Understand the circumstances that you're in as the head coach. Lord, You gotta know what to say. Huh? You got, you gotta know what to say. You gotta be able to navigate it. You gotta understand it. Some people, some people got it. It's a gift. Some people got it, some people don't.


He does. He doesn't have it. Lord have mercy, man. Why would you, why would you even say that? Does he understand? Look bro, they already said, you, you, you, you play the, the, the things that are you doing right? You ran time off the clock and you, you didn't try to get the guy any closer and the field go get blocked. They already beating you up and now you say this, it's okay to let people speculate on why you threw the challenge flag. Hey, it's a part of the game. We thought we saw something. Clearly that wasn't the case. We were wrong. But to say we threw it just because it was explosive.


Oh Lord have mercy. That's your boy. That's your boy. I, I just don't get it. Former Bears receiver, Venus Jones Jr. Old playbook called Sheath from the Bears was found at a Chicago Goodwill. Jones even left some of the team's receiver test in there. So he got released. Wait, I I I How long ago? How long, how long ago? So he left his playbook. I guess he dropped his playbook off at Goodwill. Did it as So well.


Some I somebody got it. Somebody, I, I I think somebody got a hold, somebody got a hold of it. Somebody got a hold of him putting at Goodwill I. Don't think he actually dropped it off at Goodwill. Wait, hold on. He got, he got, he got released something. What year is this? Is this is current or something old? When was he there? I, I'm not sure he was there until last season. Oh shoot. But that's fresh. Yeah, That's, he, he might have got, he might've got hot, might have got mad. If anything, things to work out, drop, drop the playbook off at. Matter of fact, it wouldn't even be the same. It wouldn't even be the same playbook. They use it right now anyway, This year.


He was just released last week, a month ago. Oh, oh, he oh, he mad. Yeah, he mad. He mad, he mad, he mad. I, I understand. I understand his frustrations. I totally understand his frustrations. But take your playbook down to the Goodwill. That's different. That's different. I kind of like that. I kind of like that. Okay. Huh? Who you said I this OCHO look. Yeah, When you play this game, Ocho you know, everything ain't gonna be peaches.


Even, even if you look at Tom, Tom has had one of the great NFL careers, but things didn't always go well for him. You see how he left New England? He had a very contentious relationship with Coach Belichick. But you got Yeah, that ain't happen. That ain't happened to year 19. Yeah. 18. No, no, no. He's had a contentious relationship for a very long time. Very, Very long. Time it's Been well Document. Can I close? Oh, I know what you mean. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. I'm not saying, I'm not saying you know it. A lot of it became public, started Becoming, I mean, it came to the head. How about that? Can I say that? It came right back end. Okay. But I would, I ain't gonna lie with you. I never, it never even crossed my mind to take the playbook and keep it or do something.


Correct. Right. But my thing is, even if he didn't drop it off, how did it get in somebody else's hand so they could drop it off? That's the question. Right. It's in your possession. Ain't no, Ain't no telling. Especially when you're upset like that, you think about all the work you put in, they get the opportunity to get the chance to live out a childhood dream, and then it's cut short for whatever reason. At that point, you really don't care. You are upset. I can kind of, I can kind of understand where you're coming from, but you can't let it get into somebody's hands and it end up at the goddamn goodwill now. So lemme ask you a question. Don't, yo, you a teller and you steal money.


How? Give you another job at another bank knowing that you steal, knowing that you've done something like this. How do I trust you well enough to like, okay, you get mad. You going hell, you get mad at us during a week of practice. You might, Hey, you might send a plane to somebody. Hey, you know what? Now, now that you just, I ain't even think about that. Now you gonna get another opportunity, especially once this get out. Yes. Do people even think about that Ocho Prob pro? Probably not. Because you're angry at the time. Huh? You're very, you're angry at the time. What? to me. You what what you mean? I can't make the team as sorry as we as sorry as we are. We ain't even winning. You mean to tell me? I, I can't, I can't play here.


Like, I'm not bad. You cutting, you letting me go. Yeah. Fuck y'all in this playbook. Yeah. It's, and that's the thing is Ocho like moment, a moment, a temporary situation can have permanent consequences. You gotta tell me. And I, I don't know if people really understand that Right. Word. Spoken deeds done. You can't get those back. You know, you ask for forgiveness. But how does, especially because those, it's, It's never The same. That's the lifeblood of the team. It's never the same. Right. Never the same.


Belous, not Venus. It's Belous. B-E-L-U-S. Velu. Is it? BEUs? Yeah. I think you spelled it with the end. Oh yeah. You put it in that. Well, bro, I get it. Sometimes you get upset. I mean, things didn't go, you know, like, Hey, it, how, how long have it been in the league? Ash? They normally, they normally do. Normally they do, normally they take the playbook, don't you? Because normally they tell you, come, go see such and such and bring your playbook.


Right, right, Right, right, right. Yeah. Always, always. He probably, he probably ain't give it to him. Probably ain't give it to him. Oh yeah. He was drafted a third round of 22. So he got 22, 23. Damn. He was just short of being vested. So he The third season now? Yeah. Hey, year three and ocho, you get what, what is it, three years to get vested or it? Four. Oh yeah. So now you get to get benefits. Ugh. Yeah. Them be them. Benefits be good too. Now. Oh, he's on the Jag practice. Squad. Okay. Ocho. So, you know, he got, I don't know. He good once this comes out.


He good? He good. But just make better decisions, bro. Hey, you messed up. Just make better decision. Just make better decisions.


Hi, I'm Cyndi Lauper. My scalp was covered with psoriasis. Felt like I was trapped between a rock and a hard place. Then I started Cosentyx. Cosentyx Secukinumab is prescribed for adults with moderate to severe black psoriasis. 300 milligram dose. Don't use if you're allergic to Cosentyx before starting get checked for tb. Serious allergic reactions, severe skin reactions that look like eczema and an increased risk of infections. Some fatal have occurred. Cosentyx may lower ability to fight infections. So tell your doctor if you have an infection or symptoms like fevers, sweats, shills, muscle aches or cough had a vaccine or plan to, or if IBD symptoms develop or worsen. Learn more@cosentyx.com or 1-844-COSENTYX Cosentyx works for me. Ask your doctor about Cosentyx.


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism in addressing transportation barriers. These tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile congratulates Easterseals, Southern California for their unconventional thinking


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now that the holiday shopping season is in full swing, my PayPal debit card's a real MVP. I'm out here stacking deals on deals, and with this card, I'm maximizing every purchase. That's why I'm calling Black Friday stack Friday. One of my favorite ways to rack up cash back tech. Love it between holiday shopping and grab-able gifts. I'm shopping for tech more than ever are you? I am with family and friends visiting those gifts pile up fast thanks to 5% cash back. I'm earning every time I shop for tech. Here's the best part. Each month I get to pick my cash back category and earn 5% on Up to a thousand dollars in purchases. So for me, tech is a no-brainer. Whether it's gifts from my family, latest products to add to my collection, I'm stacking up those deals. So this Black Friday, turn it into Stack Friday, 5% cash back on a category of your choice. Health, groceries, beauty, apparel, and just for this holiday season, tech, don't just pay PayPal Terms And limit supply C terms at PayPal dot com slash rewards pal. This card is issued by the bankcorp Bank and a pursuant to a license by MasterCard Internationally Incorporated, and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is Accepted.


It's not a typical topic of conversation, but everybody could stand to learn more about colon cancer screening. Did you know there's more than one way to screen? It's called the Cologuard test and you can use it at home. And did you know you should start screening at age 45, not 50 45. And that includes everybody who's at average risk for colon cancer. Even if you eat right exercise and have no family history or symptoms you need to screen. And Cologuard is the easy, quick use at home way to screen for colon cancer. So talk to your doctor or healthcare provider or go to cologuard.com/podcast to see if you're eligible to order online. If you're 45 or older and at average risk, ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with Cologuard. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at cologuard.com/podcast. Do not use Cologuard. If you have had adenomas have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes or a personal or family history of colorectal cancer. False positive and negative results may occur. Any positive results should be followed by a colonoscopy, not a replacement for colonoscopy in high risk patients. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


This message is sponsored by Subaru celebrating the 17th annual Subaru Share the love event going on now through January 2nd. For every new Subaru purchased or leased during the event, Subaru will donate a minimum of $300 to charities like the aspca, Make-A-Wish Meals on Wheels or the National Park Foundation. To learn more, go to subaru.com/share. Subaru more than a car company.


Xavier Legett said he's still not over his drop pass in the fourth quarter of yesterday's loss against the chief. He said he texted Bryce Young last night saying he couldn't have placed the ball any better and he's going to make up make that play up next time. I like X man. Yeah, I like, I like I like him, I like him. I like how much he's improved on that offense. Especially after my comments months earlier in the season about, you know, not having any weapons there and everybody over there just stepped up. Yeah, Bryce stepped up. Obviously having the confidence that, that he needs to be at, be at the, and and, and be the quarterback and the leader of men. You know, in that Carolina Panthers team and the receivers, they've stepped up, including, including X.


So, you know, you drop the ball back to The Apple bro. Really do 24 hour rule. There is a 24 hour rule. It's just like playing db. You get beat on the play. Okay, boom, you let it go. Drop the Ball db you ain got 24 hours. You gotta, you got 24 seconds Wait. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Especially endgame. But the fact that, look, the fact that he's still thinking about after the fact. You gotta let that go. Yeah, because that's, you can't even let that linger like that. Yeah. You can't even let that linger like that. You know, you doing, you're doing your thing. You doing your thing. Yeah. Continue to build on top. Yeah. One after another. Even even straight Motherfuckers On top. Not just DB Cursing Because you don't, you don't want, you don't want it to linger The next play.


You thinking about the play you didn't make. Right. And here comes another play. You, you f that one up. Yeah. Gotta have, if you play sports, you gotta have amnesia. Yeah. Quick. Hey, Real quick. I don't know what happened. I was gonna say, I know that ain't tied us up outta there. Hey bro. X Hey bro, it happens. You gonna probably drop some more, but just make sure you catch more than you drop. Drop. Then you'll be just fine. That's it. Joe Mixer is not happy with his former team. The Bingos. I'm going to play football.


That's just what it is. You're not gonna turn me into a robot. One thing I can appreciate here in Houston is that they utilize my skillset. Hmm. What's going on with Mixer? In, in, in his former team? Your former team. I. Don't know. I don't know man. Joe. Joe, Joe, Joe might've left, you know, with a, with with, with a bad taste in his mouth. I'm not sure what was going on internally, you know, between the two. Joe was good, Joe, Joe was good, but he's using a different manner in the Houston offense. Now. I I do wanna They're using him. Yeah. Huh? They're using him. Yeah. Yeah. When they use him in a different manner, they're actually using him. Yeah. Okay. I, I see, I see what you're saying. But I, I, it's just different, different coordinators, different offense and just, it's just the way it is.


It's the way the cookie crumbles, you know? But he's having, he's having such a great season. I mean we, in December, well, we getting ready to be in December, you know, you, you, you, you are a Texan now. You know, there's no need to even bring up the Bengals at this point anymore. It's like, it's like you, it's like breaking up with you ex and you're still talking about it. You know, let it go. Let it go. You, you on to greener pastures. Well, I think what, what's what? A lot of frustration Ocho I took a pay cut, reduced my salary. Y'all still cut me. And then you didn't use me so I could increase my value when I went on the free agent market. But now, you know, now you're in a good place though. Yeah, you are.


You're in a good place. You're doing well. You're playing well. Alright. Ocho Ocho now it's time for your segment. Now it's time for Soccercap with Ochocinco take off Ocho. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Oh, that's me. That's me. That was me. That was me. That was me. Yeah, That was me. Boy, we got graphics for everything We do. Oh my God. Hey. Hey boy. We getting good boy. Hey, what we getting Good? All right.


Y'all listening? Yeah, we listening.


Do you wait for Champions League continues on Tuesday and Wednesday this week ahead of Thanksgiving so you can get your football fixed early on Wednesday. Liverpool hosts Royal Madrid at three PM Eastern in the biggest match of the league phase exclusively on Paramount Plus. This is a rematch of both the 2018 and 22 20 22 UCL Champions League. Final Champion League finals, both of which we all Madrid won. Madrid and Liverpool meet fairly frequently in the US. UCL played, but Liverpool haven't beaten Madrid since the two, 2008, 2009 season. Liverpool says number one in the league table and are undefeated and UCL play Madrid are currently the title holders, but right now they sit in 18 place in danger of not automatically qualifying to the round of 16. Meaning they could slip into the newly introduced knockout playoff round. You're not going to wanna miss this one. Head to Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports to sign up for Paramount Plus.


Now obviously if you had to take a pick liver, it's about Liverpool hasn't beat him. Probably gonna happen again. You got Liverpool. Here We go. Here we go. Here we go. Where we at? Where we at? Where we at? Where we at? Where we at? Where we at? There's one more, isn't it? Hey young, you hear me? Oh, where We at? Are you done? Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. See that's why you need an iPad, not an iPhone because you gotta open it because it's only gonna stay open for a certain length of time.


Hold on, hold on, stay with me now We we ain't got no choice. You still got more to read. Okay, bingo. Here we go. I got it. I got it, I got it, I got it. You know, you know I only got one eye now. Yeah, I know. Hey, match preview between Royal Madrid, Liverpool head-to-head, Liverpool and Royal Madrid have met 11 times Liverpool League in the head-to-head with seven wins. Royal Madrid's, three of those games. Liverpool has outscored Royal Madrid, 17 to 10 of the last, of the last five. It's two, one and two and both scored eight goals. Liverpool returns from the international break with a dramatic three, two victory over Southampton with Muhammad Sala celebration.


Speaking volumes. He obviously, if anybody watches took a shirt off, he got a goddamn yellow card. Speaks volumes and importance of those three points. It means that the Reds hand into this week with a chance to all but guaranteed their place in the knockout stages of the Champions League and established an 11 point lead over city in the league, Royal Madrid. They're coming off of two losses of their last three games and will be out with, oh man, they will be out with Venicia Jr. After sustaining a leg muscle injury. And there was that three oh LA League win at La Gats over the weekend. He joins a long list of injured players on Royal Madrid, which include Rodrigo, Millie, Tao, ACL, Carver Hall, Vasquez, and Aaba.


Damn it. You know what, with all those players being out, I'm assuming Liverpool having the momentum or probably gonna win this game. So make sure you tune in tomorrow. And, if you a gambling man, I would bet with Liverpool to finally win against Royal Madrid in this UCL matchup. Okay, cool. If you win, I'll take 2% of your earnings and that is Soccercap for the night. I love you. Oh, Joe, check this out. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Hold on, hold on. Let, let me 'cause your, your tone is very serious. Your delivery is very serious. So. let me, let me, let me get comfortable. Okay? Come on. Now. A woman recorded her Lyft driver showing up with her boyfriend in the front seat and no space for their bags in the trunk.


Okay. Whoa, whoa. Time out. Time out. Time out time. Timeout. If you order a Lyft and then notes and you go, you're supposed to be going to the airport, you're supposed to get a a truck, right? No, a Lyft is a, is a ride share like Uber, Lyft is not necessarily a truck. Right. But you, you can choose the type, you can choose the type of vehicle. Yes. If you need more room. Yes. So it's his fault. So you gonna miss the part about the, he showed up. The Lyft driver had her boyfriend in the front seat. Huh? You gonna just skip over gloss over that part, huh? Oh, so I listen, I've never been to the Lyft. I've gotten ride. Okay. A rideshare calls. You call a rideshare, right? The dude show up and he got your girlfriend in the front seat seat.


So you worried about where you gonna put your bags? Oh shit. Okay. Oh Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. That ain't really making no sense now. I, I like, I I I like that you gave me better context. Oh, Joe, I told you if if you in the Lyft ain't you supposed to be in the backseat anyway. I guess she didn't wanna sit. I guess she didn't wanna sit in the back seat. Oh. He didn't wanna sit in the backseat. Whatever the case may be. Okay. Yeah. That's different. That's different. That's kind of awkward. Are you sure it was a goddamn lift? You, you, you picking up what I'm putting down? Yeah, it was a lift. Yeah, somebody lift with somebody.


Damn bitch about, hey, you supposed to have room for the, for their bags. You can just gloss over the party about the Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm tripping. I'm M tripping girlfriend, her boy friend up in the front seat. Yeah. I, Hey, shit, you sure that was the goddamn lift? Yeah. Yeah. Except something ain't right, ain't right by that scenario. She, Hey. Yeah, she, hey, she gotta get a new car service that was already occupied. Damn. I like, hell nah. Hey, I'm giving, I, I ain't giving, I'm gonna give her a one star. I'm gonna crash a 80. Damn. What?


Somebody show up with your girlfriend. You want a ride share and somebody show up with your girlfriend? You give them five star? Well, Well what? No, Exactly. I don't like I don't like that. Hell, I don't like that. Hey, I got a question. Hold on. Let, let, let me like, I'm, I'm, I'm losing myself a little bit here. Okay, go ahead. Now the driver of the Lyft, was it a woman or a man? I'm assuming it was a woman. Yeah. See you see, see that ain't number funny business right there. Huh? That ain't in funny business because you know how you know dudes sometimes, you know, dudes be slickers down.


We'll say, okay, I'm gonna get a lift. And really a lift might be your other little, your other little play that might be your other little plate, like before themselves as a lift. But she called, she needed a ride. Oh. So she, oh, and Buddy happened to be in the car, right? Hey daddy, Thank you. You ain't telling me all that now. Oh, Joe, a woman recorded her Lyft driver showing up with her boyfriend in the front seat. Hey, hey, that's, Hey Unc, that's live right there, boy. That's live. Oh, about, you know, take, take, take your side. Take take your side. Do the workday. It just so happened.


That's a good story. You, you gotta turn the calls off. Yeah. Hey that, hey, that's a good story. I, I would love, I would love to hear how that ended. You think she left him? Don't start me lying. I don't know. Did he cut it off? She cut the camera off? No, in January we hopefully we'll be able to show you more clips. Right now We, oh, we, how many days? We got about 30 something? Yeah, we still got 36. Okay, That ain We gonna take 36. Just to be safe. Just to Too Bad. That ain't too bad. That ain't too bad.


The. Volume,


Have You Googled yourself lately? Are there negative posts from an ex-employee or from a former client? Maybe an outdated news article. Search engines don't always get it right for right or wrong. It's your reputation on the line. That's where Reputation Defender by Norton comes in. Take control with Reputation Defender. Their cutting edge approaches help you to wipe away unwanted information in your search results. They also promote the good stuff. You can start by getting your free reputation report card@reputationdefender.com or call 808 1 1 49 75 to speak to an expert.


Once upon a time, Amazon Music met audiobooks and listeners everywhere rejoiced. Oh yeah. Because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles, including romantic autobiographies, true Crime, and More. Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon Music app now to start listening terms apply.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week, all season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now terms and conditions apply. See app For details


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit sn hsu.edu today to get started.


This message comes from Greenlight, ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly. Set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Sign up for Greenlight today@greenlight.com slash Iheart.