
You know, you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global Purdue's online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, An official sports betting partner of the NBA A all 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us. The A FC crowned another division winner. The A FC North has a winner. It is the Baltimore Ravens. After a blowout went over the Cleveland Browns, the Cincinnati Bengals kept ho alive with a 1917 victory over the Pittsburgh Steelers. Now they need the Broncos to lose and a loss or a tie by the Miami Dolphins against the Jets, and they make the playoffs. Wow. Interesting game. We'll jump right into it. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


Thank you guys for being with us. You are with us on Christmas holidays. It doesn't matter how late we come on, you guys stay up. You tune in, you watch. We greatly, greatly appreciate that. Make sure you check out Shaa by La Portier. We have it in stock. The holidays 2025 is upon us. Hopefully your 2025 has got up to a great start. Super. And what better way to continue that than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter. Now if you cannot find it in a city or state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to your home. And please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company on all of its PLA platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out.


We had a drop just happened last month. Shirts, sweats, beanies, coozies and mugs. Quantities are limited. So please make sure you grab yours while supplies last and tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. It's our first spring tour stop of the year. They're on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. February the sixth in New Orleans. Be there. We've got some big time guests coming. You don't wanna miss this guys. Hey, let's jump right into it. Ocho the Bengals defeated the Steelers 1917. It was the Bengals defense. I repeat Yes. The much Maliah that got criticized all year. Yeah, but a lot of these games lately, it's been their defense that has saved the day.


Re Hendrickson Three and a half sack. He's going to lead the league for the second consecutive year in sacks. Now, the Bengals need a Broncos loss and a dolphins loss or tie and they make, make the playoffs. If the Broncos loo if win, it does not matter what the dolphins do. If the Dolphins win, it does not matter. So they gotta sit back and pray. Now they've done. No, No, we ain't gotta pray. We ain't gotta pray. You talk about hope. The first thing you said was we have to hope. I'm gonna tell you what's gonna happen. God has favor, you know he has favor and he has favor on my Bengals. If he had favor, y'all wouldn't be in this predicament.


Listen, the fact that, listen, it, listen, I to say you have, you gotta understand Unc, it's not supposed to be perfect. I told you what the perfect story in it for the NFL would be. And it's going to play out just like that. The Chiefs are gonna beat the Broncos tomorrow. Okay? I'm, I'm, listen to me, I'm gonna tell you how the Chiefs are gonna beat the Broncos tomorrow. It doesn't matter what happened with Miami. It don't matter what happened with the Jets. Yes it does. If the Dolphins where you still don't make the playoffs. Hold on, hold on, hold on. It does not matter. See, see that's what you're talking. Wait a minute. If the Broncos lose and the Dolphins win, you are not going to the playoffs. Let me finish. I ain't even, let me finish. The Dolphins are playing the death, correct?


Yes. Aaron Rogers is gonna be Aaron Rogers. Tomorrow we gonna see the, we gonna see the old school. Aaron Rogers. You hoping you see? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm not hoping. I'm just saying the fact that he played bad the past two weeks, he's not gonna play the, he's not gonna pull Up his numbers. Hold he talking about the last two weeks. Philip up Aaron Roger's number. I'm gonna let you go ahead, make your point. But I'm gonna ask you put these numbers up because you said he played bad the last two weeks. Okay? Okay. We gonna pull up his staff for the last six weeks. Go Ahead. Oh yeah. He, he he's been a business. No, No, no, no, no. Don't, don't finish your thought. Go ahead. Talk about the finger he finished and what's gonna happen Then. Jessica, be the Dolphins. Right? This, it is an divisional game. The Chiefs are gonna Broncos. I told you already, it's about the defense of the Bengals and how they're playing at the right time.


They didn't, they haven't played. And listen, let me fetish now, we haven't played good all season, but Lou Omo got them boys playing some good football right now. And this is, this is a team team that nobody wants to see in the playoffs right now. While we are peaking defensively, offensively, if once we, this is to what I'm saying, once we get into the playoffs, it's a wrap. It's curtains. I'm telling you now. And don't forget, we got, we got a thousand dollar bet on the game tomorrow. Yeah, we Do. Okay. I just wanna make sure, and anybody in the chat that don't believe in me, we haven't lost a game since I cried on here on Nightcap and I stopped eating McDonald's. We ain't lost a game in five weeks. But you didn't have no choice 'cause you lost to bed. You didn't stop eating B McDonald's outta the kindness of your heart.


Right. You To bed. Listen, I'm, I'm not gonna, I'm, I'm gonna stay. I'm not gonna eat it. I'm not gonna eat it no more. I'm not gonna eat it no more eat until we, until the Bengals. We gonna be in New Orleans. Okay? We gonna be in New Orleans. Let's go who they, who they, who They think they gonna beat them Bangals. Nobody dope man. All, all I'm saying is I feel very, very comfortable. That's why I put a thousand dollars up that the Broncos were gonna beat, gonna win that game against Kansas City. I predicted this, that when they won, when they, when Kansas City went to Pittsburgh and won on Christmas, that they were gonna rest their starters. Patrick Mahomes, I think Patrick Mahomes, they're gonna probably rest now the offensive line. I mean, some of the guys you gotta play.


Some guys they gotta play because you only got eight offensive linemen up. Yeah. So for the most part, they've got to play. But all your key contributors Mahomes is not gonna play. Travis Kel is not gonna play. Chris Jones is gonna make sure that calf is healthy. Mc Duffy, a lot of your key guys. I wouldn't be surprised if like seven or eight starters are down, but like I said, you gotta play, you gotta play your offensive line because you only have eight of those guys to, anyway, go Ahead. Can I tell you something? Yes. Car Carson Wince. Yeah. Was one starter from the Phil Philadelphia Eagles. Yes. Carson Wince knows how to win. Carson Wince knows how to play good football. Andy Reed, as creative as he is, I'm sure we're going, I'm talking about we, I'm sure the Chiefs are gonna be okay and have a competitive game against the Broncos.


I love Bo Nicks, I love Bo Nicks. He's played very well all season long. But with the money on the line with what's at stake, not only for the chiefs, even though I know they had it by, I know they had it, but they not gonna lay down. Andy Reeds not gonna allow them boys to lay down. They're going to come through for us. Aaron Gers, as much as we said about you, I know you're gonna see this as much as we said about you. Matter of fact, Aaron, robs probably watching. I need you to come through for me tomorrow, Okay? Oh, no, no. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I need, need saying. You say it gonna be to Aaron Rogers of old. Huh? You say it's gonna be the Aaron Rogers of Old. Listen, now. You need to Come through. Listen, you know how me see Aaron Rods of old in spurts and spurts smoke? Yes. Firsts. We gonna to get one of 'em spurts tomorrow. We gonna get one of 'em Spurs tomorrow.


I guarantee you. When we saw Aaron Rogers play against the goddamn Jaguars and God Devonte Adams had goddamn nine for 1 98 or 180 9 and t something like that. That's what it's gonna look like tomorrow. Hmm. I guarantee that. 1, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. They're one in seven in their last, their one in seven. And their last eight games, Arizona, they lost 31 to six. He had 151 yards. Yeah. Against Indy. He had 184 yards of loss. Right. Seattle, he had 185 yards and a loss. Miami. He did have 3 39. Whoa. Whoa. But it was in a loss.


Whoa, whoa. Jacksonville, they won that game. The Raiders they lost last week against Buffalo had 112. Yeah. And a loss. Bingo. Hear what You saying? I mean, the Ram ram, the Ram B lost against the Ram. I said the Raiders, the Ram. Listen, Understand how the game of football goes. Understand how they, you see how the numbers, they keep going up, then they go down, then they go up, then they go down. What did he have when he played the offense the First time? Three 30 something. They, they lost it over time. 3 39. Ah, he had 3 39. So what you think happened this week? What you think? Just the way, just the way the game flows in your understanding of the game of football, what you think gonna happen. But you know what I noticed? What in the game that he played really well, the temperature was like 80 degrees.


Both were in Florida, one was in Jacksonville, one was in Miami. Can you tell the people at home, what was the weather like in Seattle? What was the weather like in Buffalo last week? Cold. Can I ask you a question? What would Weather like in Seattle? Oh, he was rained cold. What, what, what was the weather like in Indy? Was it indoor when Indy came? No, it was in New York. Indy beat him. Okay. Okay. What was the weather like? Coach yo, tell the people I don't wanna do weather. Like Yeah, It, it was a little windy. Okay, So what's weather? What do you think the weather's gonna be like tomorrow? It's Gonna be cold. Can I tell you something? Yeah. Aaron Rogers played in Green Bay and you know what it is in Green Bay in December? Yeah. It's cold. It's cold. He gonna be, he gonna be all right. And the Aaron ro the Aaron Rogers that you saw in Green Bay, when did you have, did you see him show up in green?


You see him see him show up in the New York And look, look like that? Well, not, we see him in first. We see, we see him in, in, in, in, in, in small, in in small flows. You know you, oh shit. That's, that's why we signed him and then it goes away. Oh shit. That I'm, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I got gotta I gotta si down that Just, just listen to me. He's used to playing in the cold weather, so we can't use the weather as reading because he, he was phenomenal in Green Bay for years in the cold. As you get older and older, you get less tolerance. That's why a lot of people, as they get older, where did they move? Ocho They moved to Florida, they moved to Arizona. They moved to California. Even though they've lived their entire life in the cold, you build up a less tolerance for the cold as you start to age.


Okay. Even athletes Do. Okay. I have a question. Since you Yes. You feeling so good about the Dolphins winning tomorrow? Let's make another bet. Make another bet. I Don't care nothing about the Dolphins. Definitely my tea. Okay. I'm, I pulled because you knew Team I pulled for my team. Okay. The Ravens and the Broncos. Okay, listen, I'm gonna tell you one more time. I'm telling you again now, when we on the show tomorrow, don't say, oh, you was right. I ain't know. How did you know? I ain't gonna say nothing. I'm telling you how it's gonna go. The chiefs are going to beat the Broncos and the Jets are going to upset the dolphins. Even though the Dolphins is my team. I'm from Miami, born and raised out of D County from Liberty City.


I'm telling you how I feel good about this. I feel good. I love, I I feel good. I feel good about my team. No, you don't. They know what's at stake. You don't. But let's get into this game. Come on. I love football guards. Yeah, I love them. Come on. And I love when they punish bad behavior. They punish George Pickens tonight. Yeah. And I love it. Yes, sir. And I've been telling you from day one. Yeah. I say, you know what, Mike Tomlin, you condone George Pickens behavior. You tolerate things in a win. You never would've a lost Yes sir. And I told you, I saw this with AB in 2016. Now you see this. Now it come with Pickett, it come with Deontay Johnson. Mike Tomlin will tolerate negative behavior.


Yes sir. If he wins the game. Now look at he looking. George Pickens basically lost them the game tonight because he was awful. He was awful. Ocho Yeah. And you make it, don't it? Oh, he can make plays. Whoa. Don't look at The plays. Whoa, Whoa. Hold On. Let when you, hey, I'll let you talk about your team, the Bengal and Aaron Rogers. Okay, let me have this moment. Okay? Okay. You Have been George Pickens biggest supporter. Even when he wouldn't run, even when he wouldn't recover a fumble. You supported him even when he, he was the reason that the interception happened in Pittsburgh to prior move. You supported it. Now, I want you to put on Yes, Chad.


Now I want you to put on your best support and support George Pickett for the, for the game that he had tonight. Listen, I I can't support him. He, he had a bad game. He had a bad game. He and you, you know, you know what I can say? He had a bad game. He has to watch that film. He has to have a better understanding. And you can't perform like this. Obviously they're the, they're the fifth seed, right? They're the fifth seed. I'm, If I'm not mistaken, If the Broncos win, the Broncos will be the fifth. Right? We finna, we Finn we fitting to get it. Okay. But, but anyway, anyway, back. I know George gonna see that you pick, but you can't play like that. What? You can't play like that. You can't have those type of games.


You can't have those. Oh, okay. If the Chargers win, they're the sixth seat. The Chargers will be the fifth seat. Okay. Okay. So there'll be the, so the Broncos can only be the seven seed, right? So the Broncos Dolphins or Bingos can only be the seven seed. The only thing that can flip right would be the charger. If they win, they're the five Steelers of the six. And then you get Bingos Dolphins or Broncos as the seven seed. Okay. For the sake of the conversation, we already know what's gonna happen. The Bangals are gonna be the seventh. Okay? But again, let's go back to George Pickens pick. You can't have a game like that. You can't, you can't. If anything, you need to be the reason why your team is winning. They have to count on you. You are the team's best offensive weapon.


Therefore, you got to always be on point. Your feet ain't gotta be 10 to every time you step on the field, you have to understand that you have to move as such. And understanding how valuable you are to the guy, almost cursed again, how valuable you are to the Steelers. You have to, that also comes with growth or that also comes with understanding on how important I am to the, not only the franchise, but my team's success offensively. He gotta to understand that. Oh, so, so where is he gonna understand that? Because you saw that behavior last year in Yes sir. Cincinnati. Yes sir. Yes sir. You saw it in Indy last year when he wouldn't chase. Yes sir. He wouldn't hustle. Yes sir. He gave up on the plane it got picked. Yes, sir. Me, me personally.


Yeah. I don't believe you can win with him. I want somebody else to win. I want him to grow with somebody else. Okay. I, you know what, I, I understand what you're talking about. Right? I understand what you're talking about. But let's not, let's not, let's not mistake and understand the type of talent that is. Yeah. Let's not make the, well, I don't see Randy Moss talent. I don't see Randy Moss talent. So I gotta let him go. Ain't no so, ain't no Randy Moss talent coming through that though. Okay? Most Talent on no team right now. I gotta let him go then. So, because, because, because that behavior, his play don't overcompensate his behavior. Right. I, I understand. And, and I, I I understand. Is he more talented than ab? Oh no. So what did they do to ab Ocho tell the people that, for the people that don't realize what happened, what did Pittsburgh do with ab?


They, they, they, they, they, they had, they had the Powerway. Don't they? They had, They will tolerate. Listen Chad, I want you to understand, and when Ocho and I, we talk, we talk a lot of stuff about sports, but this applies to regular life in a regular job situation, also, your employer will tolerate you until he can replace you. Yes sir. Yes, Sir. They'll tolerate until they can replace. Now, lemme tell you what happens. If you are a really good player and you got negative behavior, when that time come, it makes it real easy for them to get off you. Yes, sir. You see how easy it was for the Packers to get rid of Aaron Rogers? Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. What?


Wait, wait. How many years? How many years? First now, how many years? See, I, you see, I told what did I But you, you missed the point. No, I'm not not supporting. I'm not, I'm, I'm not supporting. I'm telling you how long. No, No, no. But they got rid of him once they tolerated that behavior. Until they could do what? Ocho get, Get rid of it. Now what are the jets gonna do? What you now, if you had to put some money down, did the Jets keep him or let him go? Ooh. Hey, you know what? That's, you know what? I'm glad you said that dog. Listen to me, listen to me real quick. Stay with me. You understand how difficult it is to find a quarterback. Now as bad as he's played this year, who do you think they'd rather gamble with? You. You think they'd rather get him with somebody that is new? You don't know what you getting. Or someone that has a resume that of Aaron Rons, what do you think Once that resume got him this year, he got that resume.


Once it gotten him Nothing, nothing. But it's that resume that has 'em in the position to be able to be for You. Do you believe, do you believe they can find another quarterback and go forward 11, yes or no? Yes, sir. So why keep Aaron Rogers and pay him 50 million right? When you can give somebody else and pay him 10, 15, maybe even 20, or even 30. So what's the, what's the upside of keeping Aaron Rogers? Right? First of all, Ocho Yes, sir. He hadn't won the Super Bowl in 14 years. Yeah. Now you believe in year 21, Right? That there's the chance he could do it. Nah, nah, not dog. But I know, I know what he does. I thinking like a gm, thinking like an owner.


Their belief is based on what he has done is, you know what? He gives a chance. There's hope despite the year he had O Joe. Honestly, no, I'm, I'm not, I'm not speaking from me. I'm speaking as a No, no, no. Have a owner or a GM within. I don't believe on, I don't believe G GMs feel that same way anymore. No. You don't think so? I don't. Okay. I don't. Okay. I have a question. Lemme let ask you something. Yes, sir. Kirk Cousins, everybody feel every, everybody feels Kirk CU is worth, you know, you know, he can go get three or a hundred whatever million from goddamn Atlanta Falcons. But he, he won one playoff game. But Super Bowl champion Aaron Rogers full-time. MEP.


Aaron Rodgers. Oh, we don't make it, man. Listen, understanding part of is to define a quarterback that can get the job done. We look at the Patrick Mahome, the Josh Allen, the Joe Burrows and Lamar Jacksons, the, the Jordan loves the CJ SRAs. Jayden Daniels playing well this year. It's very hard to get and find a quarterback where, you know, once we get somebody in that position at the helm, we can build around that. Sometimes it's so hard to find. You gotta go with someone old, someone that's done it before. Even if they're, even if they, you gotta take them out to the passion. And it's time for 'em to just go. He gives us hope. I could see that Ocho if he was a locker room presence.


We all have experience praying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps back. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free, overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees. And Chime offers over 50,000 fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp Bank, north America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Boosts are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


Now why would I keep him when he adds, he brings no value to my locker room? Come on now. Now I'm with Listen, I'm with you when you Right. I can't argue a fact. See, Sometimes we, and, and people don't want to realize how important the locker room is. That's all until there's chaos, Until The culture is in shambles. And then you realize the presence, how important locker room presence is. This is not an accident. Yeah. Especially, you know what, you Didn't hear all this stuff Ocho, you did not hear all this dysfunction of what? The locker room, right? And with the Jets last year with Zach Wilson?


No. And some of the other pieces that they had in place, Hon. Honestly, listen. Not not, not to bring up, not gonna bring up the past, but Zack Wilson had a better record, you know, last year. I, yes. I felt they should. I felt they shouldn't have moved on from Zack Wilson. Listen, I was the one on the, on the, on the soapbox for Zack and on what? But see, see what you just did. Yeah. You said Aaron Rods resume. Oh Yeah. You see what that resume That, that is why they moved on from Zack Wilson based on what Aaron Rods had done in the past. Right? That's the reason why he was there in the first place. They gave Aaron Rods the keys to the entire organization once he got there. How do you think Devante Adams able to get there? How do you think LR was able to get there?


I, If, if I'm, if I'm Devonte, I'm done, follow Aaron Rogers around. I'm, I'm good. And so wherever he go, I'm going the opposite. If he go north, I'm going south. If he goes east, I'm going west. Right. I'm done with that. Right. But I'm done with that. Unless Let's have a great understanding on why he did decide to come based on what they were able to do together. The chemistry that they had at quarterback Roberton Duo, If you want to get stats, but he said he wanted to be somewhere where he can win. That's what he said. Now, those are hidden words right Now, do you want stats? You want a thousand yard season, you wanna potentially go to the Pro Bowl, right? Or do you wanna win? Because you've done all that, you've been a multiple time Pro Bowl player. Yes sir.


You've got over a hundred touchdown catchers of your career. But the one thing that you haven't done is won a Super Bowl. I would like to thank Devonte Adams, a guy of his credential. Right. That that's gonna look really good on his resume. Super Bowl. Right. Because now he's looking at, okay, I gotta try to get, because here's the thing. Now there're gonna be a lot of guys with a thousand catches. Right? There're gonna be a lot of guys with a thousand catches OCHO because, you know, we got that extra game now. Right? And they throw the ball a lot more, a lot Right. Than they originally did. Well, so now it's 1200 catches is going. It used to be ocho, you got a thousand catches. Oh man, you slam dunk. Oh yeah. Most definitely. And so that's what I, that's what I think Ocho I I think the thing is, it, it all depends on what, what Devonte is looking for.


Obviously he's gonna want to get, get a nice compensation. Right? I don't see Devonte playing for five, $10 million. He's gonna want big money. Right. But if I'm gonna get, I wanna go somewhere that I can win that somebody that, and you gonna have to weigh the option. You gotta look at the quarterback, how many opportunities I'm gonna to get. I, I now, I I can tell you the best opportunity for him, obviously Deandre Hopkins on the one year deal in Kansas City, right? Yes. Okay. So I'm assuming, I'm, I'm thinking maybe in the off season, maybe that might be a great move, but a great move for the Adam. I think Patrick Mahome wouldn't have no problem having one of the best route runners in the NFL still. He doesn't obviously get the notoriety that he he does. He should.


But he can still, he's a, he's a great route runner. Oh, he's still technical. Oh yeah. He's still sound Listen. Yes. Very, very, very sound. And I think he would be a great addition to the chief's offense, you know, with Xavier worthy and I think Hollywood Brown. I'm not sure if Hollywood Brown is on the one or two year, three year deal, whatever it may be. I He's a free agent. I think he's on one year deal too. Oh, see, it, it that, listen, it, it all will probably, it would all work itself out. Wherever Damath Adams goes, he will be a great addition for that offense. Oh, absolutely It is. But I just think the thing is, I I, I think this game should force George Pickens to evaluate himself. Yes sir. Ocho Yeah. He had a great ball on the sidelines and he dropped it. Yes, sir. That was big.


That was huge. He had one. He, I mean he dropped every ocho I understand something, but those balls was in his hands. Yeah. And he dropped. Yeah. And he's a guy, you know what it is, Ocho he's a guy that when he goes into a funk, he can't pull himself out. You know why? He's not strong enough up here yet. Right. You gotta have that db that db mentality. When you get beat on, you gotta have that DB mentality. You get beat. Okay, next play. You gotta forget about it. And most of the time that's very difficult to do because I struggle with it too. As a receiver, I could be honest with you. I could talk to, you know, because your family Yeah, when I was young, we talking about year one, year two, where I drop a ball, I feel down on myself.


Not only do I down on myself, the next ball that comes, it beat me up real bad. It beat me. Yeah. It beat up real bad. So most of the time, early in my career, when I would drop a ball, I would tell Carson to check it. Or I would tell Kitner, actually it wasn't even Carson yet. I would tell Kitner, check it. I I don't wanna route, I don't wanna run on route. I don't feel comfortable yet. Throw me a smoke real quick. Throw me a screen real quick. Let me touch it again. Let me see it all the way in. So it builds my confidence back up. But until I get that confidence back up, feeling the ball and touching it again, touching it away, then I don't ha I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't feel right now. So I understand what pick is going through. But a performance like tonight cannot be had from a player of your caliber as important as you are to that guy In a game like this.


You can't. You can't. So you know what, it's a good thing. Get it out your system now. Get it out your system now, because come next week when it, when it counts, when it counts and they got to count on you, you gotta come through for 'em. You got to come, got to come through for 'em. I I look at them ojo. They go and they're gonna either get, they're going to either get Baltimore. Ooh. If they're the five. If they're the five. See, here's the thing. Now I'm really trying to be the five seat. The charger is like, we gonna win this game because we get the four seats, which is the Houston Texans. Right. They struggling. Yeah. Their quarterback is down some confidence. They're not playing particularly well on either side of the ball.


Right. Oh, I like that matchup. Yeah. You go slide to the sixth seed, you got the Ravens. That's, you remember what the Ravens did to Pittsburgh last game? That's Ugly. It could be a same. It's gonna be, it'll be, it'll be a, it'll the, the Ravens are really clicking. Right. The defense is starting to play better. Lamars Lamar, he had another outstanding game again, Ocho, you see Oh. Oh man, man, Derrick Henry wasn't getting nothing. You see the difference? Oh yeah. In the first half you gave him the ball. He had what, three, four yards? Yes, sir. In the second half, he take the game completely over. Completely over. That's all you got to do. Running the football is about a mentality. Says it doesn't matter. People think you supposed to get 15 yards.


The carry ocho, that's not gonna happen when you run the football is a lot of ones and twos, maybe no yards. Three yards, four yards. And what'd he do? Boom. 25 yards, boom. 18 yards, boom. 43 yards. That's, that's how it works. The funny thing about it, when you have it back like Derrick Henry is you gonna have some ones, some tools. Yes. You get somebody that size continue to weigh on. You de on the, on the defensive side of the ball. At some point, players started to come up and make that business decision. The hole started to open up a little bit wider in that third and fourth quarter. You know, it, it, it's, it's different. So I, it's like chopping wood, chopping wood continuously.


It continue, it starts to crack more and more and more. Yes. At some point it opens right up and every time they get there, Henry 18 more Carries in the game. They've won every game where he's carried the ball more than 18 times. Every game, Every time. And it's really not, it's really not that complicated. And then he opens it up for Lamar. Lamar opens it up for him and the game becomes so easy for them when they run the ball. 'cause they're gonna run it O Joe. They're gonna, they got what they average two 20, they had 2 25 today. Henry goes over 1900. Hey, hey Baltimore. You see what? You see what they did? The game was already outta hand with five minutes left. They put Derrick Henry back in the game.


You see O Joe, did you see what they did? Oh yeah. But the thing I hate, I they make it seem like it's mutually exclusive. Well, if he breaks the record, we can't win the Super Bowl. Well, if he doesn't win, if he doesn't get the record, we can win the Super Bowl. Right. They're not mutually exclusive. Yeah. Yeah. IIII, I just, I like I said, I I don't get it. And I hope because now they got to win the Super Bowl and they don't win the Super Bowl on you. I'm like, bro, y'all did all that for what? Right. Y'all denied the man an opportunity at the record to do what? Yeah. Oh. So, So you, so thank you. So So you feel the same way about Saquon too then? And that how I felt. Oh Yeah.


I I was, we we talked about Yeah. Hell yeah. Thank you. Like he will never Yes, absolutely. He will never get this opportunity again. The chance of having back to back 2000 yard seasons are like, it's, it's slim and done. It's very difficult to do. And then people then people, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna inside and they hot. I hot about, oh, we trying to mitigate the risk of injury. We done played 16 weeks of football. Yeah, no. All of a sudden we get to week 17. All of a sudden what whatcha talking about, it says football, you played the game, you play it the win. Sometimes as an individual, you have, you have a chance to break records and cement your name in, in history.


Like why would you take that away from him? Because, oh, we don't want him to get hurt. What are we talking about? There's a chance every, anytime you step on the field, It absolutely is. George Pick and the Russell Wilson was not on the same page pick against Knight O Ocho against the Bengals. One of the worst secondaries in the NFL. He had six targets, three drops, one catch zero yards. Earlier in the week, Pickens was asked about not being on the same page as Russell Wilson during the chiefs game. Let's take a listen to what he had to say. I Love it seemed like you and Ross weren't on the same page and that interception against the Chiefs. How does that happen and what do you guys do to address it? He said me and Russell wasn't on the same page.


Yeah, well that's what he said. That that's what he said. Yeah. Was that what we said? That's what he said. Okay. How, how do you just address that? Thank All right, thanks guys. That's Var It wasn't, It wasn't No same page. Yeah. He quit Ocho Ocho Russ tried to protect him. Yeah. Yeah. He, everybody saw he quit on the route. Russ did him a solid. Yeah. Oh, you talking About Saying we weren't on the same page Last week where they incept On, on Christmas. Okay. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Remember? Yeah. McDuffy was on him. Yeah, I remember. I it was covered too. He fell off. Duff Pushed and he quit. Yeah, He fell off.


There was no threat. Yeah. Russ protected him saying we just weren't on the same page. Right. Right. With actuality, everybody that saw it, when they showed the, the all 22 of it, he actually quit on the route. Right. Which, for which Justin Reed, which is playing cover two to that side. Right. There is no reason to get wide because there's no threat. Right. So now with no threat, now I can pay attention to the hash to the middle of the field. Now I see Fry moves that got my, got the backer beat. Oh, let me just go ahead and take this. I can, bro. Right, Right. You see? And so that, that's back to back weeks too. So he got No accountability. He, he gotta see that what Ru Russ going, Ru Russ gonna talk to him.


Matter of fact, Mike, to Mike to don't even need to say nothing. You know who they have a conversation with you, your quarterback, your quarterback gotta need one to pull you side and talk to you. Boy, I need you, I need you, I need you to do everything Mike to is the problem. Mike Tomlin accept things and wins. He wouldn't have lost. Why would he be upset now? You don't upset when he stop. He, he'd be bull driving half the time when they win. Go back Chad. I want y'all to watch the tape. Watch, watch when he, you know why it's hard to get on the same page? Because he doesn't bust his ass on every route. That's why the quarterback can't get on the same page with your OCHO because half the time you bull jiving, let's call it what it is.


Ocho That's why the quarterback can't get on the same page with George Pickens because George Pickens is lazy. He lally gagged in his route. Especially if he's not getting the ball. If he ain't getting the ball, George Pickens is giving you his butt two kiss. Watch it. Watch the tape. That's why a quarterback can't get on the same page because I don't know what speed he's gonna run at, run at. That's why they tell what do you do on your in practice? You run the route like you would in the game. Right? So it times up when it comes to game. Yeah. It's not it. Listen guys, I'm not telling you anything Earth shattering ocho and I know how you're supposed to do certain things.


Yeah. And a and the coaches would get on us. So lemme ask you a question. How do you think that's gonna time up in the game if you bull jiving in practice considering the game is absolutely faster, Way faster. That's why you bust your butt knowing things are gonna even speed up. So if you bull jiving and the quarterback goes 1, 2, 3, and you bull jiving, now he gotta jack the ball off. Okay? He goes 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. He's looking to throw the ball. But because you didn't bust your butt in practice, he has no ti Now you wanna bust your butt in the game.


Now his tiring is off. Yeah. You See, that's why you practice Ocho. So you understand the quarterback get a field of where the lineman's gonna be. Lineman gets a feel of where the quarterback's gonna be. I get a feel of the timing of the quarterback, the 1, 2, 3, so forth. The song I get bumped. Okay, I can't get to 12, right? I gotta cut this thing down. Yeah. He got a good jam on me. Let me take this thing down to 10. Right? So it times up. You're not gonna be able to get, give him the same page with George Pickens. 'cause George Pickens bull jives in his routes. You, you know what I like too, Matt, now that you said about it, about how fast the game is. It's something that I I I, I, I I, I learned and understood maybe by the time I got to year three where Carson and Ivy had such a, we had gel so well and had such great chemistry and my, my crazy butt, you know, was always full speed in practice.


When the, the way I practice when I got to year three in the game, you know how you just said the game is much faster. It got to a point to me where the game was slow. The game was slow. It wasn't really moving slow. But the way, the way everything registered me was registering slow, like I was moving like a little bit faster than the game itself. I, I don't know, I don't know if I'm saying it the right way for, for the people in chat to get it like a Well the game slowed down because you understood the game better. Okay, There we go. Okay. That, that's the, You weren't guessing you there, you there was no longer am I doing the right thing? Ah, am I the right deal? Yeah. Now you can close your eyes and run that speed out 10 roll, roll to 12. Like it's nothing. Yeah. You can run that bang.


Like it ain't nothing a yeah. 1, 2, 2, 4, 7. That's seven. That, that seven step that glance man, the ball man the ball right down every time. I don't need a, I don't need the nothing or I can close my eyes back a whatever side. I'm on the back foot back and I'm gonna go 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. And when I do this, that ball right there already Gone. I know that that's what they say when the game slows down. Yeah. Now you're no longer guessing man. The quarterback said the game man, I wonder what defense they're in. Right? I wonder what I'm supposed to do with the ball. You already know. Oh, they're gonna give us this defense on first down. Now here's the, here's the, okay, this is what they do, but here's the counter to this is what, what they do now.


It slows down the game didn't really slow. You just know. You just, you slowed the game down now. Yeah. Because you know what to do, where to be and how to get there. And the, and the and the great thing, the great thing about it, and I can't wait to pick and get to this part. And in, in understanding, the faster you play in practice, the slower the game becomes. Absolutely. I on Sundays. And then not only that, when the defenses come out, the huddle, you already come out the huddle with a plan. Yes. But once you playing based on the play that's called, then you also have a plan based on what you see in front of you. Yes. So you understand that even with the skies and the ties playing around and, and the mic doing all that stuff. Whatever Russell Wilson points at you already know playing plan A, you know, plan B based on what's in front of you.


And when it Yes. When it allows you to play fast and you can think freely. Yes. And Listen, you don't have to guess man. 'cause I gotta run my ride off his alignment Ocho, I understand that. If I gotta get outside right, and he's outside, I've gotta do something Yeah. To make him think I'm going inside to get him inside. Yeah. And if I'm going inside, I've gotta do something outside to make him think I'm going outside. 'cause I've got to get in there. I've, I've got the quarterback trusts me because he's going to throw that ball. He's gonna throw that ball on timing and it's gotta be a complete or it's gotta be incomplete. Right. I can't, I can't fool him. Yeah. And that's why I can't, like I'm supposed to go inside and then all of a sudden I'm gonna throw the bro. And then also He ain't got that kind of time.


But then you gotta think John, even if the ball ain't for you, even if even you, whatever your assignment is, You gotta bus your butt. You Gotta go outside. Maybe it's to open somebody else up. Thank you. In that corner with his back turned, they give him the flip. So somebody's coming from the other side, you know, maybe a shallow or something. Maybe the tight end. You got o other people. So you, when you understand the offense and it's totality, then you don't get what happened last week. You don't ocho you know when you run cover two you not getting the ball. We trying to get somebody down the hole. Yeah. Yeah. That's what we trying to do. Yeah. We try to get them safety do wide as we can because we want that guy, he's isolated one on one with the linebacker. Right. And we want it, we don't want it to be a 20 yard completion and a safety make the play.


Right. We want him to be a 40 yard touchdown. Yes sir. So I will bust my butt because guess what I've asked Rod, I've asked Ed right to bust my butt. So when they come to Z Shallow, they come to ask this. I've got to clear it because this is my opportunity to repay them for the service that they provided for me to get down the hole. Right. Or for me to run the basic cross or me to run tiger far cross. That's the way it works. Hickens gotta understand just because you're not getting the ball, that's not your chance to bull drive. Right. I think he, he has to understand it. I think he has to understand that. I think no one has explained it to him that way. As opposed to, you know what, every time, every time you out there when the offense is run, sometimes the ball ain't coming to you.


But sometimes yes, that you do have, it might be to open somebody else up like it like it was last week. Right. But it's, it's gonna come, it's gonna come. You, you gotta get it together and you gotta get it. You gotta get it together. Now Its attitude though. Ocho you gotta attitude. Ocho. Yeah, Ocho. And they gotta be, listen, listen, I, I've never, I haven't had a chance to talk to him. If, if, if I, if I get his number, I talk to him. I tell, listen, I, I talk to him man. I, I tell him, listen, well you only get so many opportunities baby. You and you, you're such a special talent. You can't let it go to waste. And you in the right place too. You, you in the yes you in the you in the right place. You don't want to go nowhere else 'cause you go somewhere else.


Boy, the grass ain't always green on the other side. On boy head is not, they're not green on the other side. They're not going to tolerate said behavior like the Steelers are because the Steve, you know what I'm saying? Don? Yo. Because you look, when you home, your parents will tolerate things. And, and like when you go, like who taught? Where did you learn that? But if you, you notice Ocho there's a reoccurring theme with Steelers receivers. You see, I mean, what is it? I don't know what, I don't think there were any overlap between Pickens and, and ab. I don't think there was any pick overlap between Deontay Johnson. But Deontay Johnson and Pickens within that locker room together and look at their behavior, it's identical.


You see what happens when you don't have culture, when you don't have someone to hold people accountable. See now you need a veteran presence in the locker room to say that's not the way we do things. Well you got one. Huh? You got one? The quarterback. That's a veteran presence. That's a Super Bowl champion Coach Joe. He just got there. Well, I I I know what you mean. But still they, they, they have, they have an end goal in mind. They have an end goal mind. Yes. Russell Wilson understand what it takes to get To, I don't Go out there in New Orleans. So if there's somebody to talk to him, not to coach, not to coach the one who's throwing you the ball. Russ gotta pull him aside and I'm sure oh, done it already. We had a bed last year. What about your guy cc Chase, Claypool?


I mean, I, I just wanna know how many bad receivers be before coaches say oh one, one or two things. Ocho either you coach that behavior or you condone that behavior. Right. There's no other way around it. You coach it or you condone it. Yes sir. So what's going on in Pittsburgh? Are they coaching it or are they condoning it? Right. I was, I mean, listen, I'm not condoning, I I just said there's a way to No, I'm asking what are they doing in Pittsburgh? Oh, okay. Okay. I see what I see what you mean. I see what you mean. Now I under, I understand, I understand. Like Plex, Plex wanted his money. Stealers didn't wanna pay no money. He went elsewhere. Right. But San Antonio Holmes was Super Bowl. MVP, chase, clay, boo.


P Chase, KBO, AB You got Pickens, you got Deontay Johnson. Right. I just wanna know, Ocho you, you got, I mean, hold on. A lot of these guys from Florida. Whoa. Hold. Whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa. Hold on now don't talk me back. Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that because hey, listen, I'm from Florida. I ain't had no problems. I'm just saying, I just, I I just wanna, I just wanna know and then fry. Ooh Lord fry, move. If Fry moves, catches that pass, he might hit his head on the goalpost. Don't choke. Yeah. I'm glad. I Don't know. I don't know if he got that kind of speed.


No. He might want to give himself. No seriously. He might want to give himself up. Right. But they ain't got no time To save time. Hold on, hold on. Lemme take the breaks. Law. What happened Russ? What are you doing? Get your ass out of bounds. That's two times you've done that. God is just not important at this point in time. Right. The clock is Russ is too, too better of an effing quarterback to keep making these mistakes. It cost him against the Baltimore Ravens. He tried to, not all of a sudden he, Josh Allen, he gonna run a Cam Newton.


He gonna run somebody over with his small ass. Slide your ass down in this situation. Get your ass out of bounds. Yardage three yards is not in more is not important, is not more important than 15 seconds. Right. I don't get it. It's, it's like all of a sudden these guys think Ocho it's like the moment, the moment got too big for me. He forgot. Why? Tell me what, tell me what you thought was Ocho tell me you got one time out. Why would you not go out of bounds and save that time out out as opposed to get in three yards. Right. And gotta burn it.


Listen, I'm, I'm, I'm glad it went that way 'cause I sure ain't want, I ain't sure ain't wanting to lose. So I listen, I'm, I'm, you, you got to have better clock manager. Better. I don't better understand the other situation that you're in. It's called situation of football. Oh yeah. Yeah. And the really and the really good Ones. Yeah. They understand. Oh yeah. Big time. Especially Russ's two veterans. 15, 15 that there Kansas City, there's a reason to get paid 500 million. Now there's a reason I just, I I I'm like, bro, I'm like, bro, it is just hard to win.


Right. When guys in situation, they don't understand. And then you got, you got your ocho it's hard when your best players have bad attitudes. You see, because the thing is Ocho, you don't want to get rid of that guy and then have him have that attitude. Have good, good, a good attitude because you whatever the case, because we saw what happened in Minnesota with Randy. They wanted to move on. He goes to the Raiders. He didn't feel, he didn't feel appreciated. They wouldn't give him the opportunity. And then, you know, he goes to, he goes to New England and we see what happens. See what happens. So the Raiders like, bro, why couldn't, why couldn't we get that? Hey listen, that's why, that's why you have to be cautious.


That's why we have to be cautious, you know, and, and have a little grace and Lee a little leeway for players like that, of that caliber that are special. George Pickens ain't no regular receiver. He ain't just No, No. But here's the thing though. Ocho ojo Special talent. Huh? We done Eventually, eventually that behavior's gonna rear its head and it reared its head in New England, didn't it? Because guess what? And the one guy that wasn't gonna put up with that behavior is who? Yeah. You played for the guy. So what's the guy name that's not gonna put up with that behavior? Yeah. No matter how great you are. What's his name? Cocho. Bill Belichick. Hey, you know what, you know, when I, when I think about that situation, like when I go back to it and I think about it, remember like, he didn't really do nothing.


He just said, I want my money. Nah, name more to than that. Don't, yo, he was more to it than that. What? Yeah. Okay. Hey. And you probably know Better than me. Okay. And then they traded to Tennessee. Okay. He goes to Tennessee than what happened. D different offense too, boy. Ocho you see now it was Minnesota, Oakland, new England, Tennessee, Minnesota, again, 45 teams. Remember 49 ERs. And we keep blaming, we keep blaming the team. Huh? Remember 49 ERs remember played with The, the 49 ERs was the last stop, right? He went there, they went to the Super Bowl and then he hung it up after that. Yeah. I just, I I just don't get it.


Ocho because the thing is, is that you can steal a year. Yeah. If you are a great player, yeah. They'll allow you to steal a year. A year. If you got, You can steal a few. See? So you die. You cooking now you cooking, You can steal a few. Especially if you ain't no problem. See, see now you cooking with Crico. See, before you was cooking with Pam, you would like life fight because you ain't want, you ain't wanna clog your arteries. Yeah. Now you got crico, you about to burn the house down. Oh yeah. You know exactly what I'm talking about. It, it it, they will allow you to steal a couple years with a good attitude. Yeah. Yeah.


Alright, Ocho, let's go to Pittsburgh's. End of the season. Regular season on four consecutive losses. How hard is it as a team to turn a slide around once you get to the playoffs? Oh, that's a good one. So that's, that's four games, four or five games lost in a row. Four. They Lost four consecutive game. That's Four in a row. I mean, and what, what, what do you I'm, I'm trying to think. I mean, what can you do outside of play better offensive? Because the reason they haven't played well is because the offense has been abysmal to pass forward. Put 'em On the Yeah, They, they've been bad as opposed to how they look before they look, they look really good. I'm not sure what's going on with Arthur Smith and the play calling or, or, or Russ and, you know, his ability to, to facilitate the ball to the receivers.


IIII don't know what it is. Huh? I, I, I honestly, I can't tell you. I just know from an offensive standpoint they've been able to run it. Okay. But the passing game hasn't been what it should be. And it, Because Ocho, the receivers, I don't know what I'm gonna to get. First of all, you remember pick mystery games. Yeah. I'm, but when he's in Ocho, Ocho, I mean, if he supposed to roll 10, I, I don't know because don't your cousin, you know what that on that speed out with that 10 row to 12. Yeah. Ocho that thing gotta, you gotta throw, you gotta throw it on time. Yeah. Every time. Ain't no, ain't no. I'm gonna wait till he get, I'm gonna wait till, oh no, no. This say college in the NFL. Yeah. The difference between NFL and college in NFL you throw people open. Yeah.


In college you can wait till they get open. Right? Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. These guys are too good. Yeah. They study too much film and you throw a ball, wait until he get open in the NFL Going another way he gonna pick it. It's going another way. I'm just going, Hey, I'm gonna pick How you gonna pick it? It, it's, it's, it's, it's really, it's really that simple. Yeah. And it's hard. I think we lost solo. We lost three or four. We, we lost to Pittsburgh, who we lose two lost to San Fran. We lost to Pittsburgh. San Fran, we lost three or four, but we won, we lost three games. Then we won the final game of the season against Seattle. And then we had a home game because back then, ocho, we, we were the, I don't know what we were, I think there was only three divisions back then.


But anyway, we had a home game. We got one home game and then we had to go on the road. We had to go to Kansas City and we had to go to Pittsburgh. But the thing was, is that the teams that we were playing OCHO, we had already played. Right. So it was a lot of familiarity and we felt that because they beat us, they really weren't gonna change anything, which gave us an opportunity to change a lot about what we did. Right. Because if I win ocho why would I, why would I change anything I won. We knew that. Right. We, we, we know you're not gonna change anything. Can't help yourself. Then now we take it. Now we took advantage of that. Right. But it's tough. But like I said, Ocho I think me personally, yeah, I think the, the steel is overachieved.


I don't think they're a great team. You don't think so? I don't look at another great team. No, I never thought they had. But then they're not a great team offensively. They're a great team defensively. That's their, their their, their identity, their identity has always been offense. Well, as opposed to when R Asperger was there, they were off with the Juer. Not then. Yeah. You know, even the defense was good. And I think about, I think about defense was my era. Oh my goodness. Yeah. But, but here's the thing. The Steelers have always prided themselves on defense. Yeah. Until they got Ro big band. Yeah. And then all of a sudden they started getting those receivers and they started throwing the football. Right. So when they got B they had band, they had Avon, they had ab they was like, we're just gonna outscore you.


Well, they were nasty then, boy. Oh, Absolutely. Because they could run it, they could throw it. The defense was good. But the championship level teams that they had Right. It was still a defensive base football team. Yeah. When they had Wood Lamar Woodley, they had James Harrison, they had far, they had foot, they had Troy, they had Ike, they had Ryan Clark. They were defensive teams. Boy It was nice boy, Boy. It was nice. They had, they had Keel. Oh yeah. With Beard. Yeah. Big Aaron Smith. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Kemo Kim Van, I think they got, didn't have Aaron Smith with it. Ke Van Lin Ken Kemo. Yeah. Ke Van Hawk. Yeah. Man, he hurt Carson man.


Russ said after the game, I'm not blinking on George Pickens. If anybody believes in him, I definitely do. There we Go. That's what I'm talking about. That's quarterback. Quarterback. Gotta say that. Now, after you say what you need to say in front of the media, pull his ass, pull him aside and, and talk to him. Not no, not know any kind of talk I'm talking about on the corner. Nah, he ain't ready, he ain't ready to have that kind. That's not, first of all, that's not Russ's personality. Excuse me, Joe. Yeah. But I mean that, that's, that's what Russ, you know, Russ got that in him. Russ got that in him because Russ gotta talk to him like that. You can't talk, He anointed. Hey, you can't talk to him like, Hey Joe, you know, when you anointed, you can't talk to people like that. Hey, Listen, You being, you need to talk to her. Hey. Even, even the pastor.


Even the pastor pull you side and then step out the pulpit and talk to you the right way. Now Ru Russ got that in him. He gotta, he gotta talk from him that way to get him The under on the other hand, then he let me talk to him because what, what I'm anointed with. Right. That ain't gonna get me in the, ain't gonna get me into the pearly gate. So I'm gonna say, Lord, I'm gonna ask for forgiveness. Oh Joe, the af, the Ravens captured the A FC third seed and will play host to either the charges or the Steelers next week in the wild card round of the playoffs. Yep. Lamar Cap, historic season with a performance today he was 16 or 32, 217 yards, two touchdowns.


He rushed nine times for 63 yards. He became the first player in NFL history. Yeah. With 4,000 passing yards. 900 Russian yards. And he's the first player, Aaron Rogers to throw more than 40 touchdowns with fewer than five inceptions. And he just finished Jordan what? Open this up. Get a big one. He's the first Quar. He finished with the second highest quarterback rating Right in NFL history behind Aaron Rogers. Yeah. So he's the second quarterback to go 40 and fewer than five. He finished with the second highest quarterback rating. Right. He's the first quarterback in NFL history with 40 plus fasting touchdowns and 900 yards rushing.


And his team won the division. Yeah. Guys, look, I know it's gonna be close and I know Josh Allen's had a phenomenal season and I don't know if anybody thought that Josh Allen, considering what he lost with Gabe Davis, with Stepan Diggs leaving TIUs White, TVA Truda, TIUs Truva White Micah Hyde, Justin Poer Poer. He lost a lot. Yeah. But how do I deny how, how, how Ocho do I deny this? Yeah. It's hard. How do I deny it? It's hard. And listen, when you look at him, you look at Lamar's, what Lamar's been able to do, especially his numbers this year.


How do you say he's not the MVP? But I could tell you one thing about them voters. I could tell you one thing about them. Voters, despite what we may think, despite what's right there in your face statistically and what Lamar's been able to do this season, they will find a way, they will find a way to move the goalpost. Whatever their reasoning may be. I'm not sure what it may be because they just want to give it to Josh Allen because Josh Allen has had a phenomenal year with less. He's had a phenomenal year with less. Now what they will take into account when it comes to who they decide to be the MVP, I don't know. I wish Josh What? Wait, the bill When the bills play The play Jamar. Okay. But Josh Allen ain't playing.


No. See I wish he was playing. I honestly just, just for me, just for the sake of the race and the talk of the MVP, I wish he was playing so he could put on one last show. One last show. Because based on what Lamar Jackson did today, that seals the deal for me. You know? Yeah. I'm not, I'm not a voter. I'm not the one voting. So if the vote is already in, then it's already been made regardless of what Lamar Jackson did today or not. 'cause if based off, if it's based off his last performance and what he's done in this totality of the season, it's going to God, Lamar Jackson. I don't see how it could not, and the first thing he'll say was, well damn well he had Derrick Henry.


That could be the only argument. Yeah. And I, and I and, and the thing is, Derrick Henry might take some boat from Lamar. Yeah. I mean, because he had what, 1900, 1900 yards in, in 16 touchdowns. Second most rushed yards in Baltimore. Hi. History. Obviously Jamal has the record at 2066. Yeah. The most rushed touchdowns in a single season. 16. He's the first guy with an NFL history to have two seasons in which he rushed for over 1900 yards. Woo. Ed in his rookie season, rushed for 18. 18. And then he came back his second season and went 2105. Derrick Henry could have easily had he not gotten hurt that year, there was a year that Derrick Henry was ahead of the pace in which he broke the, when he had over 2000 yards.


Yeah. He was ahead of that pace the following year, got injured and missed the rest of the season. So theoretically he might've had three 1900 yard seasons or maybe even another 2000 yard season hotel. Right. But I think with what he's done, he's definitely played himself into a first battle hall of famer. Oh yeah. I, I haven't been around him a whole lot Ocho, but a little bit of time I've been around him. I really like D Henry. I really like him. He's a great guy. You could tell he worked hard. He takes his stuff serious. First of all, it's hard for guys that, that go to Alabama to not work hard. Yeah. But you're not finna not work hard on saving watch. That's Not gonna happen. It just, it is. You know, so It's kinda like if you go to New England, you know, if you get somebody from New England or Joe for the most part, especially if they got drafted in New England.


Yeah. Oh, they gonna work hard. You know what? You get Time Coach Belichick don't play that foolish nigga. But look, I used to have a vote. I had a vote for a decade when I was at CBS. I no longer have a vote ocho. Right. But for me, I would vote My eyes tell me that this is the MVP. He's had an MVP season and I believe he will have earned the award. Not deserve. I believe he would've earned award Yeah. With his play. But I can understand that some people are gonna vote for Josh Allen for the very reason that you said it. He's done, he's won more games with less, he doesn't have a thousand yard receiver. He doesn't have anybody going to the Pro Bowl other than an offensive lineman.


Dion Dawkins, Zay Flowers is going to the Pro Bowl. Lamar Sinners going to the Pro Bowl. Derrick Henry's going to the Pro Bowl. Lamar Jackson is going to the Pro Bowl. Marlon, Marlon Humphrey's going to the Pro Bowl Hamilton, the all World Safety is going to, the Pro Bowl is going to the Pro Bowl. Yeah. So I understand Ocho I do understand the bold. They said with Shannon, look at what he's done with far less talent. Okay. But boy, when I look at this, and I, and, and the argument is, you go back and look at some of those Drew Rees seasons. Ooh, drew Rees had 5,000 yards and 40 touchdowns and didn't win NBP.


Yeah. It's just, man, when I just watched Lamar, I mean 4,000 yards, I would've never believed it Ocho because all I said, if he could get his, if he can get his arm the 85% of his legs Right, he's gonna be a multiple time MVP. Right. 'cause his legs were ridiculous. Yeah. Well now his arm is 90% of his leg and this is what you get. Yeah. Now, had he wanted to, could he have been 4,000 or a thousand? Yeah, he could have, he could have easily, Hey, listen, you, he could, could he still might. He got a long way to go, bro. Yeah. But I think, I don't think the thing is on Joe, that's not on his mind anymore.


He could throw the ball so much. So he don't rely on it. He's not nearly Right. A rely because now he used to like get the ball. Its broke down. He's looking to run. Now if it breaks down, he's looking to buy time to throw it throw. Yeah. Yeah. He gonna let some guys, Hey, before I, before I absolutely have to take off Ocho. Right. And put this thing under my arm. I'm going to let you guys get some time. Okay. Likely get open. Okay. Andrews, I'm gonna give you an opportunity. Right, right. Okay. Flowers. Okay, baby. I'm gonna give you guys a chance to get off with. I don't wanna run, but I, I'll do it. Right. Hey, like Gator told him like, mama, I don't, Hey, don't make me hit an old lane over the head, mama. I'll do it. Hey, you know what, IG had that habit.


He like Mama Gator. She asked him like, Gator, what happened to the tv? He said, damn it mama. I smoked the tv. Hey, you know I got, So, you know the extent of Za Flowers' injury. I, I, I hope he's okay. He g he good. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. He scared, he scared me a little bit. When he grabbed, when he, when he grabbed him the weight, the, yeah. Yeah, because I didn't see, it looked like maybe something he got maybe some just like a little bone bruise or something. O too got something with Some other dude. He hit knees with the dude on the way. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. Because you know, hey man, hey. And you know at least now Ocho, they play with knee pads. Right. You know we used to get that hard ass dirt. We ain't have no knee pads At all. Nothing Knee pads, no thigh pad. They got, Hey, they got knee pads, thigh pad.


Hell, I mean some of probably running backs. Where Hip Pass. Yeah. But we was out there just basically we had on tights. Yeah. To make a long story short, we had on tight because we had them taken all the, all the inner workings of our paint game. They lying. I done cut all that out, Put all that out. Y'all know who started that? We started that. Y'all think the, y'all think the Broncos? Oh, you talking about back then when you Yes. Hit them? Yes. Okay. Yes. Okay. We cut our pants and then you had to shoes string for the belt. The tied up. Yeah. Hey. But the first person actually I, I wanna give Ricky Jack, Ricky Jackson was the first person I ever saw that had no pads in his pants. Right. And I was like, man, wait, they let you do That?


I went out there like, Hey, you feel so light o jump, you know like, oh. And I remember, I remember when I came to practice and Mike asked like, 84, you gonna play in the game like that? I was like, yeah. He's like, okay, That's on you. Hey, if long, however, he said, come to practice. However you going to play in the game right now. Dan Reed wasn't playing that. Dan Reeve said, look, if you get, if you don't have no pads in and you get a thigh bruise, I'm gonna find you. Lemme go and put this thing here. Lemme go put these thighs. Oh.


Gonna put these thigh pads in there. Lemme go put 'em in there. I, I don't wanna, I don't even want, I already want know, have to worry about that. It's, it's so funny when we used to practice right with, with Belichick in New England, you could play in the game happy you want to. But Bill in practice, he had everybody looking like the goddamn mannequin in the damn, you know the mannequin in the equipment room? Yeah. And it could be on the wall. On Heidi. Yeah. Got, he got on elbow pad, he got on, he got on a hand on your remember no hand pad we used to have when you little kid. Oh, bill make everybody, you gotta have your knee pads in your thigh pads in. No matter how you really play the game. You Yeah. I'm like, oh my God. Like what do we need playing? Oh, that what drove me crazy. And He ain't, he ain't play that.


If you ain't, I remember I went out there one time, I'm thinking, you know, I'm a veteran, he not gonna trip here. I go, I'm out there. Took the lining out my pants, no knee pad, no thigh pad. Man, bill sent me in there, sent me right back in. I had to change my pants to get some new pants and put my thigh pads and my knee pads in just for practice. Boy. I be, hey that was a Mike's like, hey, if you don't play, if you don't play with no knee pads, no thigh pads. Right. You can't practice without 'em. Mm. Well a I ain't have nothing but helmet and shoulder pads. That's all I had.


I ain't have no thigh pads. I didn't play with no mouthpiece. Right. They like, man, you got, I said bro, I don't have time. I done, I done slapped hands with somebody. I'd hit somebody on their ass. Go. They made a good play. And you think I'm gonna reach in my mouth and pull my mouthpiece out? No. And plus me, I want to be able to talk ish on command. And that, that help You. Me too. Yeah. You, sorry. Both four. I ain't with no mouthpiece. Just a, a mouth full of gold. That's it. Yeah. I had them three sticks. Big red in my mouth. I was good ramble fresh talking cash ish. Oh. There was some good days. Boy, The Volume.