
This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy, by talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist At Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


The Volume Dame was apparently being sharpp around before the injury. According to Sam Amick, the relationship between Giannis and Dame is strong, as is the respect level, but the imperfection of the on court par pairing remain in their second season together. And with the group collectively limitations growing more evident by the month. A conversation was looming about whether Lillard and the Bucks might be better off parting waves. They ain't part. Waves not, because ain't nobody training for a guy that's not gonna be able to play until 20 26, 27. So you stuck with him and he not gonna be able to help you.


So now what do you do Q That, that's interesting that just to have bit like, that's a little interesting tidbit to come out right now. Like the timing of it is, is funny to me, but I mean, I don't know. Maybe they try and move Dame Steel this summer. Like you strange things that happen, man, I don't know man. I Ain't tre, but how you gonna get me a car? How you gonna try to sell me a car with no mold in it? 'cause you seen the first way they tried to come out and already say like it was, it wasn't like a crazy tear or whatever. It was like, You know, the, the, the, I guess the minimum amount of, amount of damage it could be or whatever. So I don't know man.


I don't know. It's gonna, it is gonna be interesting. That meant like, like I say, unless, unless Giannis come in and say something, it is gonna be real interesting to see what goes on over there because I know the last thing they going to do, they not coming at offering no trade for Younis. I don't Oh no, No, no, no, no. Nah, nah. But see that was the most shocking thing about the Luca trade. Yeah. Luca didn't request to be traded. If we go back and study history, guys that have been moved, they wanted to be moved. Kareem wanted to be moved. Shaq wanted his money. Jerry Buss didn't want to give him his money. He was starting to age and he said No, I'm gonna move you. So when you look at it, Luca is 25, he had just turned, he about to turn 26.


He was in the league eight years. He was a five time first team all NBA selection and he got moved. So normally guys don't move guys like that. You're not moving Giannis unless he says Come move me. You don't move KD. Unless KD says move me, you don't move a LeBron. LeBron has never, never asked to be traded. LeBron has always played out of his contract, played his contract out and then he's left. But when you get guys like that, Celtics aren't trade. Jason Tatum, unless Jason Tatum says I wanna be traded. You see Donovan Mitchell, Utah moved him. Why? Because he said he wanted to go. Yeah, It's really that simple. Yeah.


Q Nightcap family. Let's give it up for Q. Thank you for joining us. Go follow him at Q Rich and his podcast at knucklehead podcast Q Man, thank you for your time. Thank you for joining us to break down these games and talk all things basketball. Congratulations on the podcast. Keep growing, keep doing your thing. Thank you bro. Back with us. Appreciate Outta here. I gotta say one thing to you, huh? Michael? Jeffrey Jordan is the go. I'm not gonna debate it. I'm not going to argue it. Okay. It's what it is. Jalen Bronson game went over the pistons. What a shot. What a moment. The Knicks win the series. Rob you one of the great clutch shot shooters.


Lemme ask you this. I think for our audience, they wanna know in that moment are you thinking like, man, if I make this shot, I'm a hero if I miss it. Or you just going through the, it's the same whether the moment is there or not. It's just like if it was the first quarter, the second quarter or third quarter, what goes through your head when you're taking a shot that could potentially win you the game or lose you the game? You don't think about anything man. Because it's just like when you in a gym, you taking all these shots to prepare for this moment. You, you put the reps in and that's what you gotta do. That's why you see guys, You know, you take Kobe for instance, he used to be in the gym 24 7. So everything came easy. And if you put in the time and the work and the sacrifice, these moments like this, you don't even think about it.


You think about Jalen Brunson, most guys, they like going to their offhand to pull up for their jump shot because you can square up a little bit better. He got you going left. Like he thought, oh, he's a strong left guy. He was setting him up. He, he set Thompson up. I'm coming right back over here to where I wanna knock down this three. So it's just, it's just a process that you go through each and every day. If you watch him, he is so good at manipulating the defense. He can get you on your hip and then he can cause the contact or he can get you, he can, he can gauge your speed. If you're going too fast, he stops on a diamond pulls up. And I think for him and any, any guy who's playing this game long enough, you don't think about it.


You just do it. Is it, it's just a second nature, a second nature thing to you, man. You just, you just enjoy the moment and you just hope that you make that mug. So you can talk a lot of shit. He, he does a great job, Rob, as you mentioned, but he gets his body in such a position to shoot that shot. 'cause like you said, either left-handed player and most left-handed players are left hand dominant. They're trying to get to that left side, they want to go left. He did that and then if, You know, he stepped back and squared himself and let it go, he hit a aru. He got a and one on shooter and he got a, a tough step back. He, I mean the way he can like get his body in position to take and make tough shots or a guy his size, he is not a big guy.


I mean his body, I mean, You know what I'm saying. He's, You know, he got a little, little ger to him. You know, he got some, but he's, I mean he, what you think? Six foot? I think he about 6, 6 1 Hit hit that. But, but his ability and he's stronger than you think for a guy his size because the way he could like put that, that shoulder in your chest and get that and get that shot off that float on Yep. And square himself and to knock these shots down. He was sensational. They couldn't buy a basket for the first nine, 10 minutes of the ball game. And then all of a sudden he said, man, just gimme the ball. What y'all doing? And every shot that needed to be take taken and made, now they got a huge tip in by Bridges.


Somebody missed a shot and they didn't block out the bridges got the tip, they tied it up. But You know, once they missed that shot, I said, oh boy, y'all better, y'all better get this ball. Because Thompson had just made a great defensive player like two possessions earlier. He got a shot clock violation on his card. He went to go up and he stripped him on the ball. He's like, yeah, yeah, Bruss, I got something for you, I got for you. Just Hold back. But hold on, I got, I got a question for you. For, for, for for Rob man, for you and Unc right? As, as greatest Jalen Brunsons was in this series as greatest, he's been obviously being a very, very clutch player. Hell, you just won NBAC player of the year, right? All obviously showing, showing this offensive prowess the night with 40. Is there any chance y'all given the Knicks and winning this series against the Celtics?


Any chance? No. No, no, no. And the reason I say no is because when you look at the Celtics, they got six guys that can score. Mm. And I, I, every time I look at the Knicks, I, they remind me of ai, You know, they got this one guy that does all the scoring. Everybody else does two or three things really, really good right? To make that pie hole. And I do take out bridges who's one of my favorite players when they use him and he's able to score, they're a totally different team, right? But I just think the Celtics has too much firepower. And one of the things they don't talk about with the Celtics is you look at them, they got four good defensive players out there on that court. You know, and that's, and and, and we don't talk about that because we so caught up in all the threes that you, but you think about, You know, white holiday, even brown, these guys are fucking good defense.


Yeah. And so they got bodies to throw at bro. A little short. That's gonna be hard. And I, You know, going back to Bronson, the one thing that makes him really good is, this is gonna sound really crazy, is left-handed players are always have that ability to get to the line and do things because you're not used that. Right. You hardly ever run across a left-handed player. You think about Mano Denovi I played with, he was so good because you'll think he's about to do something his right. He like, oh shit, he's lefthanded and by the time you think about it, it's fucking late. He done jaded you up and because it's just not what you used to. It is uncommon. But I just think he, he, I think the Knicks might win one game because they play hard.


That it, I think overall I just think the Celtic Yeah, it's gonna be a gentleman sweep. Man. I just think the, the Celtics stay healthy but You know they, they been getting a little banged up and there, but I just think the Celtics are too good. Yeah. 'cause when you look at it, think about what they go, they got Derrick White that can defend, they got holiday that can defend, they got JB that can defend, they got bigger, a horford that can defend Ingas can protect the pain and then they bring Pritchard off the bench that can score Hauser, that can score cornett. That can, that can give you a little rebounding. They're, they're loaded. You, we know JT can defend if you have to, but he can score, JB can score. Yeah. Gary White can score. They got scores and they got defenders. So they're always going to have at bare minimum two quality defenders on the court at all times.


And so when you have that, when you got two guys that can defend, but look what they start with. So if they start holiday, you got holiday Derrick White, JP Al Horford. Hey honestly, I'm gonna tell you this. I liked the Nixon winning at least three games. No ain't winning. You gotta winning three games. I Winning three games. I mean, hey raw, you want, you want to, you wanna bet something on it. You wanna pull a little throw wage on there What you want Make shit, make it light on yourself. Bet 5,200. That's very specific why you said yeah, Okay. I'm just trying, I'm trying. I owe, I owe on 5,200. So I'm just trying to, I'm trying to make it up some other kind of way and try to break you.


Rob, lemme ask you this. Of all the game winners that you hit, what's your favorite one? Yeah, Lakers against the King Kings With the Ball came out that game seven. Was that a game? That was game seven? Yeah, It was game four. Game four. You know, we lose that game, we go down three one and the reason is my favorite because if you look at most of my game winners, they were all done on the road. And so this one was done at home and you Got a chance to rejoice it with the crowd. Yeah, I got, I grew up a huge Lakers fan man. I grew up a big magic Johnson fan. You know, you would never being a Laker, you used to them chanting Kobe, Kobe or Shaq. You know when you get a chance to knock down a big three and you hit 'em, chant your name like that, man, it's the best feeling ever.


I I, I Think you, for me it's probably outside of Kobe's last game is the greatest moment in staple slash crypto. And if you, every time I see the shot from above and has when I make it and the crowd just jumps up and cheers, I get goosebumps every time I see it. You know, even though I love what I did in 2005 against the Pi in game five when I lit their ass. Yeah, that's the what I was, that's the what I was thinking. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. But You know, it's something, You know, we all, as an athletes, we all got that ego, we all got that pride. You wanna hear them fans change your name. But I tell you what though, I only have like one picture up. I don't even have that shot up in my house. But I do have the picture of me making that shot against the pistols because I just like looking at the faces of the people in the crowd.


You got some people like though, no, and you got one guy I'm in the crowd like, like shit because he knew it was going in People I, I don't know if people realize this Rob, but before those black injuries, you were a high flyer. You was, I mean you was punching on folks. I mean you were off over the top. People look at you and they like, man all he did was shoot three. No, no, no, no, no. When you came in, I mean I don't know what it is about them, them Alabama guys, you and McNight, all the guys had up us up away up and, and I don't know if people realize that, but you were a high flyer, a six 10 guy that finished above the rim and then you turned yourself, I think it was the back injury that you turned yourself in more of a shooter.


You still could punch your folks but not like you could when you first got into Houston. No, no. It is so weird when you come, the league funny story is like my, my middle son, he came to me one time like, daddy, you don't ever dunk you anymore. You can't even dunk. And it is that one dunking the playoff against the Detroit Pistons that I dunked on Rip Hamilton when I took her outside to paint. Yeah. And I said, see, your dad can still dunk. I just don't have to. But You know, the weird part about it is when I got to the Lakers, they was like, oh, we don't want you to, You know, they say we need you to spot up. And the worst thing is a athlete, any athlete listening is don't let coaches limit you. Limit you in what you can do. Yeah. And I think, You know, this day and age is a little bit different.


Back then it was a little bit more, I need you to do this, this, and this. And so in my mind I became, okay, this is what they want me to do. Spot up and shoot threes and all this kind of stuff. But I I, I showed my, my my, my youngest son Christian who's at UCLS, lemme show you something man, come sit down and I'll show them my highlights of me and rockets. When I used to dunk, he looked at me like, damn you had up? So I was like, yeah, I just stopped doing it. Yeah. Because they didn't want, I didn't have room to do it. 'cause Shaq wasn't the damn, That's dope. That's Live. Hey, hey, hey Rob. Were some of those, some of those Clut shots you hit? Were you able, did you ever keep any of the balls or especially I especially No, Man.


I mean, you, you got some really, really, really good moments. And, and for me, I would want keep the, I would, I I would, I personally would wanna keep those balls. You know, you don't have any, You know, I I really, I I have, I have one go ahead. I have one from, it is actually the, the, the game seven ball against the Knicks. I have that. And the only reason I have that is because I, I, I told the, the guy, I said, because the first two points of game seven was me dunking on Patrick Yu. And I was like, I want that ball. I, I want that ball. So I, I have that ball and I wish I had the one I made against the kings because shit, I, I might, I, if I lost it, if I betted you and lost, I just sell that and gimme a lot of money to cover that.


So I know you like a fans who love that ball, but, But speaking of you talking about balls and, and being able to sell a ball and get you a lot of money, listen, I got a prized possession. That's what I meant say is I'm supposed to have it enclosed in the case. Right? But I got, I got the game ball when LeBron hit his 50th point 50,000. Seriously. Like listen, he 50,000 point and that's something that you would think he would keep Short, short show to see. Yeah. So is a 50,000 point ball right there, you see 50,000 point and the bar side for Yeah. Yeah. So if, hey, if I ever gonna fall on hard times, man, this, this shit gonna come in handy. If you fall on hard times and try to sell that ball, you gonna stay on hard times.


Exactly. Might up for real Hard times.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy by talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare, you'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in-network with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CCE eight zero to match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


Greg Popovich stepped out as the coach of the San Antonio Spur today. Yeah. Ending a nearly three decade run that saw him lead the team to five championships. He's the all time winningest coach at NBA history and he's a three time coach of the year and he is a hall of Fame, won a gold medal and he's inducted to the basketball hall of Fame. Rob, you played for pop, what, what was it about Pop that made him special? What was your, what's going to be your lasting memory of playing for Pop? I, I think for me is just his, how genuine he was and You know, he, he was one of those coaches where he's one of those coaches where he'll yell at you and then take you to have some nochi and some wine, You know, those two favorite things.


And, and for, and for me, I think I, I tell this story all the time. The one thing that really made me fall in love with the guy was my daughter who passed away was really sick my last year with the Spurs. And she went into the hospital like at the beginning of the season and he was like, don't, don't come back until she's out of the hospital. And I sat in the hospital with her for like three weeks and then she finally got outta the hospital and I came back like a day after. He says, is she outta the hospital? Like, yes, she got home like two days ago. He said, she ain't outta the woods yet. Get back, go back home. Wow. You know, we don't really need you right now. And, and I looked at, I'm like, are you trying to get rid of me up on the slide? He said, no man, family first, You know, family first. And that's what, that's how Pop always was, man, You know, you, I just heard the day about the story of DeMar the Rose, his pops passed and now he, it's like, and that goes to show you, You know, there's some things bigger than a freaking game.


Right. And Pop realized that, You know, he was always about, You know, spending time with your family, doing what's important. And, and, and I remember even my last year, I went to him and I was like, You know, I'm gonna ask a favor. He like, what? I said, it's my last year. I said, can I, my son's on spring break, we going on a road trip, can I bring my son with me? He's like, man, yeah, I don't even ask no question like that. He said, this is, You know, it's it's, it's about the family. It's about doing things and, and a lot of teams wouldn't let you do that. Wow. You know, it's, 'cause I remember with, I remember the Lakers back in the day you say, Hey, can't get the flight back, no liability, You know, insurance thing. I'm like, what is this a flight home and what? So, but Pop was, he's, he's, he was really, really good about man, if it came down to your family, you do whatever's necessary for your family.


That's dope. Everybody talks about the relationship that he had with Dunkin because I think Dunkin was the length pin because if you could coach Tim Duncan hard, you can coach everybody else hard. And Timmy was receptive and that's what you have to Tim Timmy was one of these superstars that if you didn't watch the game, you would never know he was a superstar. He didn't dress like a superstar hill. I remember he showed up one to pick up an MVP trophy with flip flops and shorts on. Like David Stern, David Stern probably won, wanted the Swaggo He had on Georges, you You remember that Bob? Yeah. He had on Jeans shorts, he Shorts with flip flops and he David story like, Hey, but that was Timmy. What, what was it about Coach Pop and Tim's relationship that made it so unique and special?


I, I think we're gonna back this up a little bit because you really have to credit David Robinson. Okay. Because you think about, he had David Robinson when Tim came and David was like, yo, this is what we do here. And Tim just follow suit. You know, Tim is just that type of guy. He doesn't say much. You can talk, if you talk about cars, he'll talk to you, you talk about video games, he'll talk to you, you talk about poker, those three things. And he gonna talk about that. He ain't gonna really talk to you. But for us, You know, we, we, it, it took me a year just to get him say a couple words to me. And, but he's just a a, he, he, he's a type of guy who's really focused. We don't, You know, we always talk about Kobe's work ethic, we talk about, but this dude was always in the gym shooting jump shots, You know, always trying to get to perfect that bank shot.


If, You know, he was famous for shooting a lot of free throws because, You know, he, that was one of his, his downfall, one of his Weaknesses when he came in. Yeah. Yeah. And he just, he he, he worked hard, but he was just, he, if you talk about guys who, You know, I used to, I had to get onto him one time like, dude, can you fucking yell at somebody, man, you sitting over there like with your mouth closed, You know, you yell at someone, you gonna be like EF hu and everybody's going perk up and listen. So he was just, he he he was very mild manner, way mild mind. He didn't wanna say much, but the guy was, he, he, he competed and he, he was, and when he, when he let you into his world, one of the nicest guys you'll meet You, you mentioned the Twin Towers 'cause David Robinson was there, but when David was there, I mean it, one of 'em championships was David, but David was on the tail end of his career.


That was a, that was, I mean basically a Tim Duncan team from the time he walked in the door. Oh he was, Yeah, He was just that good. And he was one of the last guys that was a true senior. That was the number one overall. Ken Martin was the last one I think in 2000. But Timmy was what, 90, 98? I think the 98 draft was Timmy's first year. But he was the last, the last of those guys that went four years of college and came out. So he was more than ready, more than prepared for the grind because basically he was a grown man when he wasn't 18. He wasn't 17. Tim Duncan was a 22-year-old grown man when he got to the NBA. So you, you tell me something I did not know. I thought he came out earlier.


I you just so used to everybody coming out early, You know, think about. And that, and that's the one thing I hate about the NBA. I know these dudes are freaking 21 when they get to college now, but I, I just wish that, that, that, that I was about to say David Stern, that Adams put like two years onto it because these guys, you can tell by the way these guys play now, that's why so many threes are being shot because they don't know how to play. They're doing what's easy. It's taking the threes and not learning the game. You know, you got some guys that are gonna come in the league that know how to play the game because of the, the upbringing and how they would talk. But it is just, it's just, it's just a lot of bad basketball being played because guys don't know how to play. You know, you think about tonight watching the game, like dude, the first thing you learn in high school and college is how to beat the damn zone.


Right? The zone is the easiest freaking thing to beat and you can't beat the zone. It's like, go to the open spots, go to the Dunking spot, go back door and it just shows you right there that the guys aren't learning anything because they all just trying to, You know, get to the next level to the league without learning something. Rob, you played with some of the greats. I mean you was on a team with Tim Duncan, you was on a team with Shaq and Kobe, you was on a team with Lot Dream and, and Drexel. And I know people ask you what the difference between Dream and Dunking, the difference between Dunking and and and Shaq, the difference between Clyde and Kobe. What are some of the different look, because look, all of those guys that I just mentioned are all 75 greatest players in NBA history, MVPs, finals, MVPs, defensive players of the year.


When you got, when you got to the Rockets, what was it about the dream that, You know, okay, this guy's special, what set him apart? Oh shit, I knew Dream was special when I watched him in high school. I mean college because hey, I, when I, when I was coming out, I said I wanna play alongside this guy. You know, I, I was praying that I went to the rocks and You know, God willing I did because you could just see his work ethic, You know, you watched him, You know, guys always talking about going into the lab. Dream would be in the lab and we didn't even know it. He would be working on stuff and then he'll just all of a sudden in the game, You know, you think about in 95 how he annihilated David Fox. Yeah. Because he said they took, they gave his, took his MVP from him.


Yeah. All that stuff we had never seen before. You should have seen us on the court. We going like, oh, killer Drake. Oh, we became fans on the court. Right. And so he just, and you and you watch him, man, he just played hard, man. You think about, You know, back in the day when he, he, you forget he used to knock some people out too. Oh yeah. You know, he had that toughness, You know, you, you elbow him. He would, he was, because it was only a $50 fine, You know, punch someone in the face. And so he had that toughness and he just had that. And one thing about Dream though is he, he, we talk about how hard guys, players, like how hard Giannis plays, how hard Bronson plays, how hard these guys dream. Played hard each and every night. And You know, people would talk about who's the greatest center, who's this, who's that dream to me is always gonna be top three centers.


Wow. Because if he needed to shoot threes, he could have shot threes. He didn't because he had us out there and you couldn't stop him in the paint any damn way. So he just gonna keep you that way. So he was just, You know, he was just a hard worker and, but more important great guy. 'cause he taught me about the business of basketball. He was like, yo, I remember one time at a Christmas party, he took me outside, said, listen, listen, you gonna be on this team now let's talk about, You know, things outside of basketball, what you're doing with your money, You know, how's the family, You know, are you investing? Do you have the right people? He was just a good guy. You know, a lot of guys now, You know, they won't, they won't come to you and be like, yo man, you need to check your finance, you need to do this.


They like, fuck, I learned it on my own. You on your own. And so I just, that's one of the things I love about Jim. He, he, he taught me about the business of basketball. So you leave Houston and you go to the la well You know you have, you didn't go right to, you ain't gotta go there, huh? Huh? No, you have, you ain't gotta talk about the funds, man, stop. You a little started saying and, and Phoenix, you, you have a cup of coffee at the airport, got rock back on the plane and went to la So you get to La Shaq and Kobe. What you like? Damn got Shaq got Kobe. What, what, what y'all need me to do? Yeah. You know what's weird? But I got there, man. I was looking at the team. We had Nick Band Axle at the point. Yep.


We had Eddie Jones at the two. I said okay, I can play the three. You know, back then I was a three man, right? And I said, we got a young guy like this, You know, everybody was like, oh, you gotta see this rookie Kobe Bryant. I'm like, who? And then you, you get to the practice, you see how good this dude is. Okay. He's learning. And then you got Shaq, You know, you say, okay, Shaq just got beat in nine to five in the finals and you got all this talent. I said, oh man, we about to do some work. I said, we gonna do some work for some years because everybody's young, everybody's under 30. But sometimes it goes to show you too many cooks in the kitchen when it comes to basketball ain't good. You gotta have some guys that are glue guys, some screw guys, You know, some boat and, and do the things to keep the team together. And you think about we had four all stars.


Yeah. And then we got swept by a damn team that had been together for 30 years. You oh you got that was Kobe. That was Kobe rookie year, wasn't it? That was Kobe's rookie year. Yeah. Yep. And then the F and then LA and then the 99, You know, we got beat, we got beat by the Spurs, lost the last game in the form to the Spurs. And then that was when we got new coaches and we said we got rid of Nick, we got rid of Eddie. And we brought in defensive minded people. You know, we brought in Ron Harper, we brought in B Shaw, we brought in Rick Fox, we did all these things we bought in AC Green. And it was, that glue Was whole. Was whole grant there then? Or Ho Grant only came for the last, No, ho ho grant was on the, on the second championship in 2000, 2001. Yeah. So, and it was just weird man.


He just, and and it goes to show you when you got too much talent, it's hard to blend it. It can get in the way. But when you got, when you got enough talent and you got guys who are mature and you can, you can tell Kobe and Shaq to shut up and sit your ass down and do what you're supposed to do. And they going, they going, you think about it, we used to tell Kobe all, dude, you ain't doing that tonight. Oh Shaq, you ain't doing that. And they will listen to us because we are veteran guys. You know, now you got this going on guys with You know, respect us. And we had a lot of respect for one another and it was no animosity. And people always ask me about the Kobe Shaq thing and I was like, man, I must have been fucking blinded because they never had beef in front of us. It was all in the papers, man.


You know, and that was the weirdest thing when people like would talk about it. I'm like, they in the locker room laughing and joking. They the first people to hug after a championship. I know, You know, you tell me you you won a championship, who was the first person you hung? You hugged after you won a championship. It's probably the your favorite player on the team. Yeah, absolutely. And so that's why I was like, they would say, oh they beefing. I'm like, when, where? So it was just weird to me. How good was Shaq? You look at Shaq and I tell people, I don't think people realize how athletic Shaq was when Shaq got to the league. Like Shaq first five or six years when Shaq was like 7 1 3 25 and can move like a dare. We're never gonna see that again. You're never gonna see a guy his side with that kind agility.


You're just not now you might have like a Yohan got the footwork and Joe l me got footwork, but I'm talking about just raw athleticism and power and do, you're never gonna steal O'Neal again. Never. Yeah, never. You know, you think about if you always tell me, if you start a team, if I could take the 2000, the 1999, 2000 Shaq, the MVP Shaq and have him that Shaq and put him on, that's my first person. Not Jordan, not Dream, not Kareem. That's the first person I'm picked to start my life. I can get that Shaq because he was just so dominant. He was just so strong, so athletic. You think about this, this guy can bring the ball down, cross your spin, take off from outside the paint, then monkey dunk on your ass and there ain't nothing you could do.


You know? And it, and it and you, you go back and look at a lot of tape and I've heard this outta ref's mouth. So I'm sitting there, you can hear all he ears on him and he's not getting the call. He is like, oh, he's too big, he should be able to handle that. I'm like, dude, it's a freaking foul. He's slapping the shot. I said, all right, y'all gonna piss him off and then I'm gonna get outta way because he gonna start elbow victory. And you can tell when he got frustrated 'cause he'll do that speed, put that elbow on come When he come like this Here and he don't care who he hitting. I'm like, so yeah, he was, he was the, like I said, if you got one player, one moment I'm taking 1999, 2000 Shaq and I'm starting a team with that guy.


If I can get that guy each and every night, Okay, Kobe, you, you, Kobe is, is is a 17, he gets there at 17. Now by the time they start to win championships, he's the Kobe, he's, he's become what he became. And you get to see it on full display, he can still elevate over the top. He got admitted he could B blah bop bop. Oh he had, he had the package and if you need him to sit in the chair for 40 minutes and take the poll team 0.23. I got it. Yeah. Yeah. He, and he wanted that challenge. And You know, you, You know, I know you think LeBron is the greatest of all time and you people talk about MJ being the greatest of all time.


I want you to Think you, when you watch Kobe Bryant, he did every freaking thing like MJ and he probably took it to another level because Kobe, You know, when Kobe first came into league, we used to laugh and joke and be like, you can't shoot threes, he just shoot threes like mj. But he, we, we would like joke with him. So that dude would be in the gym every morning at five o'clock shooting number threes and now he can shoot threes. And it's things like that, that why he was great. You could tell him he was not good at something. He would prove you wrong by going in and working on it and adding it to his game. This dude, You know, God rest his soul was the hardest working dude I ever seen in my life.


And you think about what, where he went from his rookie year where he just played. Wow. Yeah. You know, he didn't have no structure to his game to understanding that, oh, I gotta tone this down. And I don't know if it's 'cause he talked to mj, he talked to Phil, whatnot. But when he got Phil it, it made him more structured than I've ever seen before. So he, he, the dude was just phenomenal man. So I hate when we talk about the goat and we never bring him up like, 'cause it's like, You know, to me the goats are mj, Kobe, LeBron, and Kareem. Those are the goats. And why do we have to put 1, 1, 2, 1, 3 and four, those four guys right there.


Why went Kansas four goats. That's the Mount Rushmore right there. Mm. Why, why didn't playing on that team alongside Shaq and Kobe, why didn't they win more individual MVPs? Kobe didn't win one until later late like 2000 what? I think 2009 or 2010 he won the MVP. Why didn't they win? If, why didn't Shaq win more MVPs? Why didn't Kobe win MVPs? Did they cancel each other out? I don't think they canceled each other out. I just think, You know, if you, if you look at the league back then it was hard to win back to backs unless you was a white guy, meaning Steve Nash. And so, You know, you think about that second, Steve Nash Nash Should have won that in Miami for real though.


Yeah. So it's so many things you can look at. It's, it is just weird. You know, you think about MJ when he was in the league, he didn't win it every year, You know, you you, it's always someone different and like you think about this year, even though Yoic is having the best freaking career, best year of his career, he ain't gonna win it. He'll probably give it to shape, You know, and it, and it, and it's just how they do it. And I, I don't know why but I think Kobe should have probably won at least three. Shaq should won. At least I say Shaq should have won at least two. You know, I think his, his, I say the year he won it, he should've won it and then the following year he should've won it. Okay. You know, other than that I think, You know, 'cause you think about his third year, my third championship, he wasn't as dominant as he was.


He was still effective. He just didn't bring that, you think about he wasn't the Shaq before that and that's what they based off, they always say, okay, we gonna take your last year, what did you do better than that year? And I, I think it, he was just consistent. He never like went up a little bit to another level. Tim Duncan. Tim Duncan had one of the great games. He had a a damn near quadruple double. He was two blocks away from a quadruple double in an NBA finals game when he played, when he played the, the nets that year, I think he had 21 points, 20 rebounds, 10 assist and eight blocks.


Yeah. But that was a nest man. A nest. That was a nest. We had just sw just swept the next, the year before that or whatever it was a nest was like, You know, po po po, Jason Ski, Richard Jefferson, that crew, You know, you were the beast in the east, but when it came to playing the teams he used to wear you was just like, you like the leg and the clippers, you're just a little brother. So it was, it was, they made it a good challenge. But you, you, you go back and look at the east back then east was terrible man. They were god awful. And so, but Tim Duncan though, that goes to show you when he wants to take over he can take over man. He, and, and the one thing I like about Tim when it comes to blocking shots, he didn't care if you dunked on me.


He like, shit, I don't care. I don't have social media. I don't care what you say. You know people in San Antonio gonna steal bow down to me and You know, most guys would shy away from trying to, You know, go up against a Venice car, Think you might get dunked on. They like, nah, I ain't challenged that Tim didn't give a shit. He would try to challenge you anyway to block because he, he, he knew nine times outta 10 he was gonna block it. It was gonna start a fast break. Alright, Your Mount Rushmore teammates, you get four teammates on ro, on, on Mount Rushmore. Who you going with? Dream Shaq, Kobe, Clyde. Damn you ain't, you took Clyde over Timmy.


You know what, this is one of the things, You know, I I I love Timmy, but I'm going with Clyde Clyde's my boy man. You know, sometimes personal feelings get in the way sometimes. Hey I'm doing the Steve Kerr right now, I'm putting, You know, hey, but You know, people don't, I think people forget how good Clyde Oh yeah, was man The point. Now he took a, a kind of a backseat road when he got to Houston. But, but, but Ley Clyde Clyde, I remember hell, I remember when he was dunking on everybody at five Slam Pajama at the University of Houston. Yeah, yeah. But he used to, Clyde used to Elevate. Yeah. You know, I, and another reason I put Tim in there is because I remember, You know, I'm watching the Hall of Fame ceremony and I watched Rudy t get inducted and then when Rudy t gave me a shout out for the Hall of Fame and they pan through the crowd and Tim didn't clap, so that's why he ain't on my right.


Hey, because I, Hey, I I started calling, said motherfucker, I saved your ass in 2005. Excuse my lawyer. Yeah, yeah, you, you better get your ass up and clap. Missing that damn last. And I had to take over Spur got some cap space, they got a, they got a night. Hey they got Stefan Ka who's rookie of the year wi with a previous rookie of the year. And they got, do they, would you make the move for Giannis? Would you try to package some pieces for Giannis? That's the thing you got, don't you forgot about damn Fox? Yep. You, you I think that's, that's hard to say. I would because you can't pass.


Oh I think that's gonna be the hottest commodity this summer. Everybody's gonna want the Greek Creek because he's that type of player. You know, I mentioned him earlier how hard he played. So this is gonna be really interesting to see where he goes if Milwaukee, we want to give him up. But if I'm the, if I'm the Spurs, we got the cast base, why not go after him? Because You know, he'll love it there because he got a good, the one thing about the Spurs franchise is it's a good franchise. They're a very humble franchise and you don't have to worry about a lot of outside noise. You think about it in LA and in, You know, Chicago, New York, there's a lot of outside noise. So you being in Milwaukee are used to the downside.


Noah's been at a minimum. So if you go to dis Spurs, you're in the same thing. So I don't know if he wants that. I don't know if he wants, You know, be more, You know, can't get no more notable than he are. He has Greek Creek, but does he want a bigger market? The Volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason it's the number one men's and purse spring and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Hey friend, I know how this feels. Waking up exhausted after multiple trips to the bathroom and feeling embarrassed by sudden leaks. I used to be constantly on edge searching for a restroom whenever I was out then I discovered better woman. I was skeptical at first, but two months in everything changed. I experienced improved bladder control. No more heart stopping moments when I laugh or sneeze. Less urge to go deeper and more restful sleep. I finally felt like myself again. Confident and in control. Better woman is natural, effective, clinically tested and trusted by women for over 25 years. Ready to take back your control. Head over to be better now.com to order your supply today. That's be better now.com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Use as directed individual results may vary.