
This is an iHeart podcast.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest Life's comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games, all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No Purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discovers accepted at 99% of places to take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


This is Jenny Garth from idu Part two. Can't afford Ozempic Try Wegovy from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the E and start Losing weight this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


The volume Man. Welcome to Night Fo of the Nightcap Takeover. That's James Deebo Harrison. I'm TJ Hos Mazada. Make sure y'all like y'all hit the subscribe button. And don't forget you text a friend, you call a friend, you tell them to do the same thing. And at the top corner of the chat we do have the link for James's merchandise.


Make sure y'all go get y'all some Deebo gear. As you see, he's sporting his own deebo always. Chad ain't here. He trying to intimidate Chad through the screen. Let's see if Chad, Chad texts me during the show to let me know that he not intimidated. So we going to see, yeah, we gonna kick the show off. Get right into it with football and it, I actually like this topic because it's not many of us in this role and you'll see where I'm going. So Tom Brady says he's in sounding board. He will be a sounding board for anything the Raiders want or need. I mean, you are a part owner, you should be, but my question to you is, would you have any interest of being part of the front office?


Zip zero donata? I don't want none of that. Would you have known the team? No. No interest. I So plan is enough of a headache now you gotta control everything else combined with that. And every Tom, Dick and Harry who thinks he knows better than you and can do this defense offense because he played, You know, this video game and he, he, he does well on it. It's, nah, I'm, I have no desire. You you got a desire to do that. I mean, other than the money, it's nothing else I would do it for. I wouldn't say I have a desire to do it.


I just feel like if I was in the front office now, it just, it depends on your role in that front office. The role in the front office. Like a, like a scout. No, you don't have no say so you go scout a guy. You may like a guy that g may not like him, they don't draft him. But if I'm a decision maker, if my words mean something has a like it mean I can pull some weight around, I can throw. Yeah, because I feel like I understand talent, I know talent position. So what happens when you get that talent in there and don't pan out the way that you thought it was gonna pan out? That's okay.


Everybody. Okay, so now, so I'm not gonna bat, I'm not gonna bat a thousand who, nobody, I ain't, I ain't saying you gonna bat a thousand. I mean a lot of people don't, don't nobody bat a thousand. Stop it. Im bad. I gonna bat, I'm gonna bat at least 700. Stop it. I'm telling you. And when you sit down and meet with these dudes, number one you can tell who genuinely loves the game or they just playing the game for what the game brings them. Whether it's money, attention, women like you, you don't know, but talent wise, oh, I'm mailing that. I'm mailing that. Okay. Anybody put some talent, your talent, what you doing on, in the off field can, can overshadow your, your, your talent.


If you are a person that has tremendous talent, but when you off the field, you, you out in the club, you out in the strip club, you out in the streets and your nightlife is just as fantastic as your playing field, your career is gonna be shortened. You can only do, you can only burn the candle from both ends so long. I agree with that to a certain extent. I don't care if you out in the club, it's what you doing in the club. I don't care if you're in the strip club. Is are you going all the time? Are you getting drunk? It's people that go out, they don't drink, they just hanging out with their teammates. So what are you doing when you go out for me, percentage of those people that go out, how many of 'em don't drink? I didn't like I was, I go out percentage. I didn't say, I'm gonna say, I'm gonna say probably that don't 15 to 20.


It ain't even that high bro. It's more like five to 10, maybe 15 to 20. Stop it. You get 10, you get, you get 10 of your homeboys together right now. No. Then they'll drink. What I'm saying is each time they go out, each time they go now. And then how often are you going out? It depends, like if you playing in Pittsburgh, how often you going out? You playing in Cincinnati, how often you going out? Now you playing in Miami, you playing in New York, you playing in la you playing in Atlanta. That's different. But you not going bat a thousand. I just feel like if I'm given that opportunity, I'm drafted some talented players now am I gonna miss here and there?


Absolutely. But how many of us are in that position? That's the problem. Listen, I don't want the responsibility of being in that position. I'm good. Me personally, I'm jumping two feet in. But they, they not giving us those positions. When I say us people of color, we, we don't, we don't get those type of opportunities to advance up the rigs. They want you to start in the basement. They want you to start in the basement. Like you don't wanna start in the basement though. I don't need to start in the basement. I'm, I'm my accolade. So I'm, I should start a bud as hey man, some people could play the game spectacular and can't judge talent to say they life.


I ain't some people that, that's the difference. I'm not, I didn't say you, I said some people, I I know we speaking between you and I now. You weren't even wanna on the team. No. Like part owner? No, none of that. I don't want none of that. Man. I, I I see I I I love playing the game man. I love playing the game. When I played the game after I was done playing the game, You know, that was, that was sort of it. You know what I'm saying? I'll watch, You know, here and there. If it's something I need to, You know, talk about or whatever, I'll pay more attention to it. But other than that, I love to play the game. Everything else that comes with it, I'm good.


Especially if I'm not playing it playing. But show coaching is nothing, no desire, no for you at all. It's too much time. That is very like, that's my biggest reason 'cause I've been offered jobs in the league. That's my biggest reason that I want coach is because one, I want to be around my children. I want to see my kids grow up. Like you have all the money in the world. Does it matter when you don't have a relationship with your loved ones? Because ultimately the mama's gonna be the one doing all the raising. Your wife or their mother is gonna raise 'em because you not around. We know from our coaches, like bruh, let's say Sunday you see 'em Sunday night.


If you play a home game Monday night, they're in a facility all day game planning. Tuesday night they're in a facility all day, game planning. Wednesday night they're in a facility all day game planning. You'll see 'em a little bit Thursday, you'll see 'em a good portion Friday. Now if you playing away game they flying on Saturday. Yep. Now you really don't see 'em. And then You know, you get them coaches that they don't like they wife. So now they stand in the Yeah, you smiling and laughing 'cause You know exactly what I'm talking about. Hey, yeah, the boys talking about they got a, they got a game player. Them boys wasn't there until eight, nine o'clock. They could have left at seven. They nine o'clock. Them dudes is in they they like this.


Yeah, co. Yeah, they got us in here till, yeah, till about 11, 11 30, 12. Yeah. So yeah, I probably just gonna sleep on the air mattress. Okay, yeah, I'll see you tomorrow. Like that's what they doing. They not even going home. And so I ain't doing that. Like I don't wanna, I don't want a coach with a coach and a coaching staff where they in there till like 10, 11, 12, 1. Sometime they in there till one o'clock in the morning, bro. Oh you getting, you getting, you getting 10 on Mondays and Tuesdays easy. But yeah, from what I've been told, like that's the old school coaches. That's the Bill Cowers, the, now the Sean Paytons, all the coaches that came under Parcells, probably Dan Campbell, them new age coaches.


The, the Sean Mcbe. The Matt Lelos. No, no, no. They outta there like eight o'clock, nine o'clock max. That's still eight, nine o'clock. You gotta realize something like you are in there now for me. Like okay, you're in there. They're in there most of the time before the players get there. 6:00 AM five to six at the latest. Yeah. And then they're there another at least three to five hours after the players leave. Especially once you get into it into the season. Now they gotta break down the practice stuff. They gotta do all that. Get ready, prepare something else for the next, for the next day. Like it's not, I'm not, I don't, I don't love it like that.


I do, but I, I'm, I don't love it enough to not have a relationship with my kids. And it could be because I never met my dad a day in my life. I'm a junior. I'm Tara Ade Jr. I never met senior, I don't even know him. I don't know what he looked like. I don't know him. And so that could be why I am the way that I am never met him. And I wanna make sure that I'm present for my kids. I don't want to just be around, I want to be present. I want to go watch their games. I want to go to school activities. When my kids was playing bro, me and my wife, we ain't miss a practice or a game like we sitting there and practice chilling like all the parents drop they kids off, they gone.


We just sit there and we watch we watching practice. Yeah. I ain't going for We Yard with our son. Like I'm not the only part of it. Like ownership. Oh, I for sure I like that Also because I wouldn't be an owner that people want to work for me. Like I believe when you own anything, if you treat your employees like they matter, you treat them with the purpose, you make them feel appreciated, they gonna go above and beyond. And that, that's the type of owner that I would be because your employees are going to be a reflection of how great or how bad your business is and how it grows. And so I'm gonna treat, I kind of, I kind of, I kind of disagree with that in, in the football terms because rather you like or dislike your owner, I can still advance myself by making sure the players that are under my tutelage do well and I can get out of that situation and advance myself.


Like when you're talking about a different kind of business then Yeah, I understand that. And you're saying you can make sure they do well and add, if you, I credit my linebacker coach Keith Butler with my development. He, you should, I I consider that he's the coldest, coldest linebacker coach I ever had. He, he, he was able to teach me the game so that I could, I could understand it because he played the position. He understood when he was asking me to do something that was difficult and You know what, you might not be able to get it done all the time, but this is what you need to do. He gave me different things that I could do at the position that still translate. He played back in the seventies, eighties, whatever it was. That still still translated? No, he's done now.


Okay. He's So then when you went to, you left Pittsburgh and went to Cincinnati, who was your linebacker coach? You got me racking my head now. Okay. Don't lie though. Was he trash or was he good? I really didn't have to learn anything then to be honest with you. You know what I'm saying? You So everything that you were taught in Pittsburgh, you just kind of carried that. I already had. Yeah. Already had with me. Already had the bag. So I guess position it varies man. And this shit varies. Gunther does that sound right? Gunther. Gunther. Paul Gunther. Oh, Pauly Gunther. Yeah. Yeah. What's up? Yeah, short kind of chubby curling head. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Pauly G.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like I guess it's different about positions because at the receiving position, you on your own bro. You are on your own. If you don't get better outside of the building, man you done.


Hey good drivers. Yeah, we're talking to you. The ones who don't speed, the ones who avoid those fender benders and who always use their turn signal. Congratulations. You are a better driver and that means you could get better rates with root insurance. It's time to stop paying for other people's bad driving habits. You know, like the ones who cut you off just a slam on their brakes or the lead foot speeding to work every day with Route Insurance, you'll get a quote based primarily on your driving. Just download the Route app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and boom, you'll get a quote that actually makes sense. It's that easy route because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the Route app today and see how much you could save. That's Route Insurance Terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See route.com for detailss.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store Gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading Crypto involves risk For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees.


This is Jenny Garth from I Do Parti Can't Afford Ozempic. Try WEGOVY from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the E and start losing weight this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


So we all made mistakes, right? But on the up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans Grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and utter protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started a oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bring it back to the og cool rush cent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been been the number one men's anti persin for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried, it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


They ain't, they ain't teach 'em to snap down and the comeback and all the other stuff. How they gonna teach it? They ain't never done it. They YouTube coaches. Hey I ain't gonna lie to you. That's something that I really believe helps players. It's getting a player to come in and coach. But Jack players can know and respect. We talk about this all the time. I don't know, are you in like a, a chat with like some of your former teammates like a text thread? Are y'all Nah mm guy man listen, I got up out of there man. You get into one of them man. You look at your phone, You know you done checked everything. You go back 10 minutes later, it's 175 text. Wait, hey you ain't gotta, you ain't gotta read 'em.


You gotta read 'em all just to catch up. Nah, I don't do that. So I'm, I'm in, I'm in those right Chad in it also sometimes like me and everybody don't always comment but I say that to say is we talk about that all the time is coaches are intimidated by former players. If they weren't a former player, they intimidated by that. Oh yeah. Because the current players are going to listen to you more than they listen to. They coach and they feel threatened. Yeah they feel threatened. Like bro, if Buddy plays well you getting all the credit, they not gonna give me none of like why you feel threatened I'm not taking your job.


That to me is the like re the receiver position. It's probably five good coaches in the league bro. Five the rest of get on YouTube they'll see so and so run a really good route and think that's how you run all your routes. No that was just a, a mistake for that play. Literally play how worked out that DB played that position bro. That's what he needed to do. Like you can't run every route like that. That DD ain't gonna play that thing the same way. I'm telling you. I've seen it firsthand and I'm not even going to name the team. I'm not name the team. No, I'm not gonna do that. I'm not gonna do that. Don't, I'm not gonna even name the coach. But what teams you played on? No, no I didn't play for this coach and I didn't play for this team.


Okay, what teams did you play for then? I played, I went Sissy, Seattle, Baltimore, the Raiders my last year with the Raiders I should have played. Okay, so we know it ain't them. No it ain't none of those teams. Okay. Too many teams. You ain't gonna figure this one out but this coach bro, so I'm there, I'm watching and he started implement drills and teach guys how to do this. Bro, don't no don't get me there man. Don't gimme there. And I, no this is a true, this is a true story. I know what you about to say man. He got you doing the drill that don't even correlate to anything that's gonna happen on one play. And believe me, I know I've seen it. I and so hold up though. So one of the players, one of the starters was he wasn't practicing.


So I'm standing watching, he's standing next to me and he talking like this with his hand over his mouth so the coach, nobody can read his lips 'cause You know his cameras. And he was like, you agree with this? I was like, nah. He was like, I know he don't agree with this bullshit man. I don't know why he got us doing this. And so then the other players, he, they come asking me throughout the day and the next day 'cause I went to a couple of the practices and so then the coach asked me like, what do you think? And I said, I don't agree with it but I won't undermine you. I'm not going to teach them something different than you teaching 'cause this is your job I got right. I won't do that.


But they feel so threatened that they don't want you around. That is the biggest problem. Like you gotta get receiver position. If you don't get better on your own, it's a wrap. And that's why I think the receivers coming in are much better now because they are getting better on their own. Now they may run into a trash trainer here and there, but for the most part these dudes is getting better on their own because coaches and they notice offensive line coaches, they don't wanna bring in a former player. 'cause the majority of the former players gonna teach something different than what the o line coaches teaching. 'cause he ain't never done it.


There's some good ones but the majority of 'em aren't the receiver coaches though, bro. I promise you man. It it is. It's comical. It's comical. Like, oh no, no, no, no. Believe me, I've, I've heard, I've heard of things that You know, but the guys that I train well lit man, I can show you a text message. I put it up here, but then you'll see the name and they'll figure out who the coach is. But like they literally will call and text me and be like, oh my god dude, this dude don't know anything. He's like nothing. Hey man, listen, listen this is, listen I seen a, I heard, I heard a a linebacker drill where they had the linebackers like you shuffle punch over the bag and you then you then you pass rust, you strip the quarterback and then you drop for, then you drop for a pass to pick it off.


That was one that was really gonna do all that. Yeah, that was all in. Yeah dude. I'm like okay. And then You know, everybody trying to reinvent the wheel, You know what I'm saying? Like no stick with, You know, stick with war work. You want to come up with this, you wanna be the mastermind of this new defense that got 50,000 gaps in it. You know, it, it's not gonna work. And people think, oh you in the NFL it's the best of the best when it comes to coaching. That's not the case. No, you got some great coaches but you got terrible ass co There's good doctors, there's bad doctors. Yes. You know, police officers, there's bad police officers, there's good teachers, there's bad teachers and some of them coaches are bad teachers and they don't realize it.


I just know at the receiver position is very few and they, the ones they know who they are. Yards with the Rams great. McCardle with the Vikings great dub with the Saints, great. Sean Jefferson, great. I don't even know where Sean at now. And I probably left out like two more. That's it. Trey Walker. So everybody else trash. Everybody else is trash. And they, and they know it. They they know it. They okay. They getting on YouTube Instagram and teaching something that ain't realistic. But they think they right, they really be thinking they right. Not just, oh believe me man, I, I totally, I I've seen, I I've heard of it and sometimes I've seen it, You know, but damn it's definitely every position.


But one I tj, he would like to get in the front office. TJ would like to get an honest, I'll be a cold ass on. I'll be, well see. You also gotta realize like some, some coaches that are in that position may not hire a guy that they, that could do a better job because maybe they're threatened. They're threatened, You know, they don't want to have, they don't want to have to have any pushback, You know, at any of their, You know, coaching positions, any of their, You know, coordinator positions. They wanna be able to do what they want to do. So, You know, you get, You know, you might get guys that are getting hired and they're like, who is that? Who is that? You know what I'm saying?


I mean there's probably somebody that can do the job but they're going to be easily pushed around. They're not going to push back on anything. And You know, you gotta realize you get hired by somebody, You know, you can't do too much pushing anyway unless y'all have a, a relationship built already where y'all have an understanding you can lose your job man. These head coaches talk to you, like you the son and they the daddy. And that's another reason, like if I'm not highly up here, like man ain't no way ahead. A grown man is going yell at me and disrespect me and I don't say nothing. I'm not sitting there taking that. I'm not sitting there taking that. So I'm getting fired first, second, third day. I don't know.


Right. I know you up short. I'm gonna look at who the fuck you talking to. That's the first thing thing. That's what I coming outta my mouth. That's what I'm Oh, get your, they gonna be called a security on, but it, it, it, it is a lot of that and we gonna transition and I, it it is not confrontational but it's confrontational in the business world. This is, we doing this for Chad. 'cause my boy Chad is a huge soccer fan in, in Europe they call it football. Killian mba. You watch a little soccer, You know who that is. Who the fuck is that? Okay. He had a little light skinned, he cold and soccer though. He cold. So he sues PSG for $61 million in unpaid wages.


Not 60 1061 ms in unpaid wages. I don't know like the ins and outs of it, but 61 million. So I bring that up to say at one point in time you was up for contract negotiations. Did you ever have any moments where you just was heated and it just went left? No, I let, I let, I really let my agent take care of all of that. I didn't, I didn't talk directly to anybody because You know, that's what your Aiden is there for, to be the middle man to be, to be the person that I'm gonna go and I'm gonna say something reckless and crazy to him and he go put it into good words, You know, to them.


So I didn't, I I didn't talk to, I didn't talk to anybody when I, when I did my contract negotiation. So when you would ask your agent like, hey, what's going on? And he would tell you like, ah, it didn't kind of piss you off a little bit. It just depends on what it is. And, and a lot of the negotiation stuff that, You know, I was going through it was, you gotta realize you start, they starting low, they starting low, they low balling you. Yeah, they low balling you. And like my first time ever, I, yeah, I was hot. He was like, don't worry about it. This is what, this is how it goes. This is what happens. You know what I'm saying? So, You know, once I realized that, You know, you just go back to 'em real fast like, nope, not happening.


Come back with something else. I don't know if it happened to me like that, but when I, when I left the Bengals, I had a certain number in my mind like, you gonna compare me to this receiver? Cool. I'm gonna compare myself to that same receiver. Oh my stats are now better than that receiver. I'm doing more than this receiver. So now I'm gonna compare myself to this receiver. And I think what happens is when you see yourself here and the team sees you hear, it starts to get a little personal. I know when I left the Bengals I left, it was strictly a financial decision.


It wasn't you, I'm a dude, I get comfortable and if I can make it work, I'm gonna make it work. And that's what I wanted to do. But it was like I was drafted late. You were rafted. We, we, we gotta get every dollar we can get. We ain't finally be taking no discounts. Right. So I'm, I'm getting frustrated about like, y'all really offering me this. I was underpaid the last three years. So y'all got me at a discount for three years. Now you really gonna try to lobe. So I was, I was frustrated. And so that's why I left Cincinnati and, and went to Seattle and then the Bengals turned around and they signed Antonio O'Brien.


Antonio O'Brien went to pick. Okay. Yeah, yeah. They basically gave him what, what you wanted me, right? Yeah. But a little more, more than they offered me, but a little less than what I wanted. Right, okay. He played there one year, one season. So he got like 13, 13 million guaranteed one season done. They released me. He didn't do nothing. I don't know if he was hurt or not 'cause he was the baller. Then the next year, wait I'm off, they signed Laver Coles first they signed Laver. Coles first got rid of him after one year. The next year they signed Antonio O' Bryant. That's what it was. So those two seasons was 24 million in guaranteed money that they gave to both of them.


If they were to given that shit to me, I would've walked from California to Cincinnati to sign that guy before straight up. And so it wasn't like a, like a bad, it was just like, I couldn't believe it because that year, the year that I left, they actually made the playoffs and they played the Jets and that's when they put Revis on Chad and the other receiver couldn't get open. And I'm like, if I was there we would've won 'cause I for sure gonna get open. That's a guarantee. I'm getting open and, and all y'all had to do was slide me a few more millions.


But y'all ended up giving these dudes 24 over two years. And I'm like, damn, that hurt me in the pocket. And it hurt them on the field and in the pocket because they didn't get no return on their investment. Right. They playoff game. So they'd have made money more money off of that. And so that for me was like the only time that I went through a negotiation that I felt like, oh man, like this is kind of pissing me off. And then you see what happens. Like you, I left. Yeah, that's a little different. I never went to, I went, I never went through anything like that, You know, and, and it like no lot though it kind of pisses you off because you're calling your agent like, hey, what's going on?


Ah, they at this number, you think they gonna get up? I don't know. Then he call you a couple days later you see that, you be like, yeah, yeah, yeah, something about happened. What's up? Same thing. So then you start to get frustrated because every time you talk to him it's the same thing. Nah, they ain't moved yet. Nah, they ain't moved yet. So then at a, at a certain time you like, man, don't even take their calls no more. Fuck 'em, we leaving. Don't take their calls. No, I don't give a fuck. Like it starts to make you angry. So then when you resign, you happy that you resign. But you still had that animosity over the months of they them BSing and nah fuck 'em. Nah. So for me, yeah, but damn I show, I know they regret that because 24 million over two years at that time that's 12 million.


Oh yeah. The highest paid receiver in the league if I'm not mistaken, back then was probably 12 or 13. And then I go to Seattle and I was making 80 a year. I think I was like the sixth, seventh highest paid receiver in the league at that point. But the big ones coulda had me and they gave that money to two other guys and it was just unfortunate. 'cause La Cole, when he was with the Jetson at the time, the red ends, he was a baller. And then at one your Brian was a baller also. He was just a hot head. You remember when he threw his jersey in Bill Parcell's face? They had that all on ESPN. No, I I, I knew. Yeah.


What Bill Parcell said something crazy to Antonio Bryant and he wasn't take he, he was the original ab Okay, okay. He was the original ab he took his jersey off bro. You got, took his jersey up, threw it right in Bill Parcell's face. And You know Bill Parcells at that time, he had a reputation like run up on him if you want to type of coach. He ran up on him and called security. Got him up out of there when he was with Cowboys. Yeah, you Google that, that wow. Yeah. I'm gonna check that out. Yeah, yeah.


Now, Hey good drivers. Yeah, we're talking to you. The ones who don't speed, the ones who avoid those fender benders and who always use their turn signal. Congratulations. You are a better driver and that means you could get better rates with root insurance. It's time to stop paying for other people's bad driving habits. You know, like the ones who cut you off just to slam on their brakes or the lead foot speeding to work every day with root insurance, you'll get a quote based primarily on your driving. Just download the Route app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and boom, you'll get a quote that actually makes sense. It's that easy route because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the Route app today and see how much you could save. That's Route Insurance Terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See route.com for detailss.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store Gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this contents not investment advice and trading Crypto involves risk. For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


This is Jenny Garth from idu. Part two. Can't afford Ozempic try WEGOVY from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the E and start losing weight this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Hey, so we all make mistakes but owning up is the right thing to do. You know what degree? Cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degrees. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head To your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


I think we have a clip of this man, this is crazy with with a a father. His son is about to play Pop Warner football. Right Then when he found out how much it costs, I mean I wouldn't say he went crazy but he was, he he was a little upset about the cost of his son. How much was it? Well, look, check it out. Why does it call so much to play Pop Wonder Football? Why is it six 20 for one of my kids, one to play tackle football?


I know I'm a little bit older. When I was coming up it was $50. That was expensive to my mama at the time. But being realistic, that was not expensive. But six 20, where is money going? This money going somewhere. Somebody please tell Me why is this this? Why does it cost this? Do you you think that's a lot? I think it's a lot of money. Like you said, when we played it was, it was a lot cheaper. But also I don't think it was, listen said $50 time has changed. $50 inflation, number one. Yes. Times have changed and we probably both, both of us.


Are we older than him? He look like he young. We both older than him. Yeah. But now, You know, times have changed. You got, you got different sets of rules in place. You gotta realize like is it like, are they paying for the uniform? Do they get to keep the uniform? The helmets, like the helmets themselves. You may mention the helmet. Everybody gotta get they own helmets, shoulder pads, cleats. You, you that you have to get on your own. They gotta get that by themselves without the team giving it to them. Shoulder pads and helmets and cleats. Hell yeah. That's on his win. My kids, my kids get show pass and hammers from the school. High school or from the organiz or or from the organization that they're playing with Pop Warner.


That's like peewee, right? Yeah. The same thing. Yeah. Nah, not out here. Aint out here. You you getting a uniform and the field, the practice at. That's it. So you gotta buy your helmet. That's not with helmet and shoulder pads. No, that's crazy. They outta control. Somebody's stealing, somebody putting money in their pocket. They feeding the kids. What are they doing? Are they feeding the kids out? The are they like it, it gotta be something else going into that. If you look at it, it's probably gonna be 20 to 30 kids, right? 20 to 30 kids at 600.


Let's just say it's 30 kids. That's 18,000. All right. $18,000. You practicing two to three times a week. How much you think they charge you for the field per day? Let's say a hundred dollars an hour. 'cause you got the lights that right there, if you just practicing two hours, three days a week, 2, 4, 6, that's 2,400. Just the practice field and you going for four months. So that right there is down near 10 grand just with field run through just the practice, 10 grand. So now we working with $8,000.


Now what that entails, maybe it's to get 'em the snacks after the game or pregame. I don't know what it is, but I think now, in today's time, that's about right because this, this is what happens, man, a lot of the coaches that coach U Football, they end up spending their money. Oh yeah. Their money on these kids. And granted some, some, some coaches can afford it, others can't. But I don't know how it is in Pittsburgh, but out here, my son is not, he's yet to play tackle football. He will be playing next year, but he's yet to play it. But I just know from people that I've talked to, oh man, these parents have no loyalty to you.


Zero. So as soon as you do something wrong, they leaving your team, they going to somebody else. But you done put two, $3,000 into her or his son, but you piss him off or they feel like another team is better or their son has now gotten better so he can go get on a better team. He leaving. Well that's what the fee for. You wanna leave, go ahead and leave. I'm, I'm gonna hold onto this money though. Exactly. Exactly. But then, You know, when you get a coach that's kind of footing a bill out his pocket and then they leave now it's like, wow, this how they gonna do me because, so I I don't that $600 fee, I don't remember how much.


Well if you footing a bill for a kid, the talent is worth for you taking a chance and footing that bill. Let's be honest. You know? Yeah. And that, and that's why you foot it. Yeah. You know, but there are some kids that that's a chance you take. You know what I'm saying? You know when you go and, and You know what, oh, you can't afford it. Okay, listen, let me do this, You know, I got it, I got, I got it. I'm, I'm a I'm gonna take care of this. I'm gonna take care of that. So now, like you said, time come, they upset, he didn't get enough snaps, he didn't get this or, or I don't feel he live in the middle of the season. I don't even know if you can go from team to team. I don't know how the rules work. Like if you leave in the middle of the season, can you play for another team? But that, that is, I didn't play pop more coming up, so I don't know, but I thought it was like a hundred dollars bro.


Like one 50, but 600 that's back in the day. Like that's, that's, yeah. So if it was a hundred, I'm be even it right now, dude. It's a, it's still a fee. My kids, You know, they play the public school's still a fee and it's, You know, it's, it's a little less than that. But it's gonna, it's cost 600 though, right? Yeah. So that's, to me, I think that's fair buddy. Act like, like he was flat $50. Yeah. Yeah. And they feed him and all that, You know what I'm saying? So like $50 worth, like he talking about he's used to it being fi where one, where you playing when you at the parking lot. Yeah. You gotta get a park, a field, a high school. Now if you practice, there are certain cases I know out here when you have a really good organization and a really good team, you get, you use one of these high schools out here to practice that because your team is so good and your players are so good.


They hoping that some of those players attend the high school that you practice at. So they'll let you use their fields outside of that man. Youth football, just being a coach is expensive. And like, I coached my son seven on seventh this past spring. We went 10 and oh won the championship. We went blew 'em out 35 0 on the championship game. You know, I'm a little, I'm gonna brag a little bit, but we beat they ass. Beat they ass, right. Wow. Beat the, beat the kids ass. Okay, go ahead. But the co but this No, no, no, no, no. The coach really was like talking shit.


Like, I think they thought they, they beat my homie team in the semis they beat. No. So you gotta realize this. They didn't, they they, they weren't, they weren't beating your kids. They were beating you. Exactly. They were beating you. Yes. It has nothing to do with the kids. Yes, yes. It's now I get an opportunity to go out here as a coach, but my kids is playing and I get to beat hug Za. Yes. I'm gonna tear his ass up because I know better than him. I could have played in the league. Yeah. And You know what? Now it's my chance and opportunity for my son to do what it is I should have did to him if they had just gave me a shot. Yeah. So you they they, I know it, I know it's like that they'll tell their kid to really go at my son.


So I, that's why my son know like, oh yeah. Like they, oh listen, I told, I told my kids that, I said, listen man, it's people right now's telling their son to try and tear your head off. Hey 'cause you Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Hey, good luck boy. I'll be at the game. Dominate they ass. Dominate they ass. My son got a basketball game that he going to and he about to leave, so Yeah, yeah, yeah. As soon as we done with this podcast, I'm going to the gym. Hey, foot on throats boy. Foot on throats. We ain't playing no games today, so. Yeah, yeah. Sorry y'all. Sorry y'all they walk. I can hear on walk about you good? Yeah. Yeah, you good. But it's, it's, so we did the seven on seven, right?


And we had some kids that come from the inner city, cool parents and they probably could afforded it too, even though they come from inner city parents were successful. And so me and another coach, the other coach got the uniforms and then I paid the entry fee because the majority of the parents could afford it, but not everybody. Right. So I I, he was just like, I'll get the uniforms. And I was like, all right. Then I got the entry fee in entry fee was more than uniforms Cool. But when it comes to that, like it's expensive and it's hard for parents to budget that.


Like, I mean I think the entry fee was, was it 1515 or 1800 and it was only six weeks. You play every Sunday. You play every Sunday. You get two games on a Sunday, two games on a Sunday. That's total or per kid? No, no, no. Total. Total, total. Oh, okay. I about to say we only plan, we only plan with seven, eight kids. Eight kids. We probably play with eight sometimes we'd be at seven. And so that's a little over two. If we had divided it, it's a little over $200 per kid. And then you do the uniform. Probably the uniforms I think end up being like 900.


So everybody's uniform was about a hundred. So then now that's $300 per kid, but it's only a six week season. Parents can't afford that. And so I was like, yeah, yeah, I got it. No, not a big deal. And then that's just 7 0 7 for that six period. I mean six week timeframe. What happened when you go play tackle? What happened if you go play basketball? What happened if you try to play other sports? And that's what I do want to get into is the one sport athlete. So just bring that up when you talk other sports. But the $600, I don't think it was, I don't think it was an out rate. Yeah. I mean I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't think that was out out of pocket.


It, it wasn't astronomical to, You know, to think that it would be, to think it would be $50 is outta control though, You know, it is astronomical. 'cause when you go get a helmet, like you get a good helmet, that's five, $600. Oh, I know that, that that's, you, you get that, you get that new one. What is it? The, the flex something Steve Flex? No, it's a different one dude. It's the one where they actually put it on the head and, and they 3D image it and then go make the helmet. So that's like, that's like 800 bucks. I don't know. So you got it. I ain't gonna lie. When you James Harrison, they gonna give you that shit for free.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't know what it cost. I just ain't paying. You know, you, you, you you paid for it but you don't know I paid for it. Yeah. In like good shoulder pads, like Yeah, playing sports is expensive and a lot of time the coaches take on that expense. So you parents that's listening show some type of loyalty because they doing it for your kid and yeah, they doing it 'cause a kid is good, but it's some kids that aren't good that they also doing it for because the kid that keeps him off the streets, it gives you something to do and maybe he'll develop. Who knows? I was a zero star recruit coming outta high school and played a long time.


You run drafted and you about to, you gonna be in the hall of Fame and so you just never know The volume.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to it in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it or in this case when I taste it. Tito's handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting, made the right way. Tito's made an Austin, Texas real attention to detail. I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime, lot of ice refreshing, easy summer, winter, spring, totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, the perfect time to kick back with some Titos. It's what I pour You should too. Distilled and bottled by fifth Generation Ink. Austin, Texas, 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Can't afford Ozempic Try WEGOVY from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the E and start losing weight this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Okay, have you heard about this last year? Degree changed the forklift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled. One of the old send back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


This is an iHeart podcast.