
This is an iHeart podcast.


Meta AI is the personal AI to help you with whatever you need, plus it meets you where you are. Not only is Meta AI now an app, but it's also on the apps you already know and love. Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, and Messenger. Plus the RayBan Meta Glasses. It's easy to access wherever you are. So whether you're talking or texting, meta AI is convenient to use throughout your day Experience. Meta's newest AI that's tailored to you by download the meta AI app. Try the Meta AI app today on the Apple App Store and Google Play.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus Preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


You don't want vacation to end, but with Amex Platinum, you earn five times membership. Rewards points on prepaid hotels and more. Book through amex travel.com. So you're already planning the next one. Book your room with fine hotels and resorts through Amex Travel and get an upgrade when available. Plus guarantee 4:00 PM checkout so you have time to check out the pool before flying off to what's next. That's the powerful backing of American Express terms apply. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash with MX CST 1 0 2 2 3 1 8.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


The volume. Hey. Hello ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know who I am. I am your favorite, aunt Shannon Sharpe, my partner in co-host Liberty City's own Bingle Ring of Fame honoree Mr. Olympia, that's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button. And guys go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We want to thank each and every one of you for your support and your continued support.


Because of you, thanks to you. Everything that you we've been able to accomplish was because of you. And with that, you have our deepest gratitude. So thank you again very much for your support and your continued support. Check out Shea by La Portier. We do have it in stock now. If you cannot find it in a city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. It is the best tasting VSOP premium cognac on the market. We beat 'em all. Try for yourself. You will not be disappointed. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out.


The link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Oh, Joe, their S saga. There's drama in Cincinnati. Joe Bur says he wants the team to pay star pass Russia, Trey Hendrickson, he says the team not paying Hendrickson is a significant distraction. Let's take a listen to what Joe had to say. Jamar and t having a agreed to deals. Is Trey being here, his deal not done? Is that a distraction? Of Course, of course. Last year we had two. This year we have one. So we do have less. We'd love to have none, but You know, that's life in the NFL.


We're all supporting Trey and, and would love for him to be back. Hmm. O Joe? Yes sir. What's your take? Well, listen, listen, I love Joe. Joe also has to understand this is his business. It's the business and the Browns have one way of doing things. They've done things one way and despite what he may say, despite his concerns about wanting trade to be paid or him or it being a distraction with him not getting paid, this is the way they conduct business. All teams conduct business in the same manner. They're not going to be swayed or forced or bullied into paying the individual based on how we as players Or fans Or fans see fit.


They're gonna do things their way. They paid, they paid Joe Burrow, they paid Jamar Chase, they played, they paid t Hagans. I don't know, I don't have the numbers in front of me. I don't know how much is left in, in Calie salary cap space, But not to, not enough to pay Tre what he want. Actually, not enough to pay him what he want, but I'm, I'm assuming maybe they're trying to find some middle ground. But from what I've heard there, there are no talks going on at all. So obviously Trey, Trey is standing his ground and he's not in the position despite being the, the SAC leader last year, and the Sac leader before that, the year before that, like he was the SAC leader. But what was our defense rank?


Can someone look at, can as look that up right now? I mean it just, it was really quick. Just curious. Well, without Trey, you'd have been, you'd have been 17th in college. So you had Trey, so you was at the bottom at the NFL. Yeah. Okay. So they look at all that. Yeah, they look at all that. Listen, I I, I want him to get paid. I want him to get paid for based on what he's done, You know, to, to date. But they look at it completely different than the way we look at it as fans. And obviously me, listen, I love my bangals and I love, I would love portray to get paid, but it it, it is a tough spot that, that we are in. I'm, I'm not sure what's gonna happen. I think at some point if things don't get worked out, I'm assuming maybe a trade of some sort might happen and we at, at, at the, the least opportune time when we least expect it.


I I I look at it like this Ocho considering he's the best defensive player. And when you look at that defensive line, who else? Most teams have two guys. Yes, yes. You know, you have Micah and then you have another guy, or you look at, let's just say for the sake of argument, you look at the Eagles, they have multiple guys. You look at Kansas City, they have Chris, Chris Jones, prince Jones, and they have opus. You know, they have multiple guys, most teams, although they're not on the same level, but they have, you look at High Smith and you look at Watt. So no, most guys have somebody to play off of. Right? It's him. Yeah. He led the league in Sacks with really no one else beside him. He, You know, and Brother Sam Hubbard just retired, huh?


Yes. Sam hub, Just, You know, he hurt most of the year. Ocho. Yeah, Yeah. He was hurt. And also when I think about it, I look at the, a FFC north unc, right? Yes. From an offensive standpoint and needing defensive players is, I mean, it is bad enough. We were already bad on defense. Let's not make it worse. Kansas City, Buffalo, Baltimore, My Houston, and I mean that my, my goodness. Like we, we need Trey in the, in the, in the, the dearest dearest way possible to, to, to try to do what we can defensively so we can, we can, we can start a little better this season. You know? I know we always talk about the offense, You know, they always start slow, always out, out the gate, You know, being oh two or one and one or whatever.


You gotta stop somebody though. Yeah. We, we gotta be, see, Their problem is though, yo, okay, you say, well, the d I'm saying, but here's the thing. They have one bad, two bad possessions. Their defense can't stop anybody. Now all of a sudden you 14 points down, Hey, You gotta lead. Okay, let's just say for the sake of army, you have a lead, and we saw this against Baltimore. They have two bad possessions now. Baltimore has to lead as a Lead. Yeah. So what, what, how far away are we from, from having a decent defense? Just curious from, from your listen, You know, this is, this is ooh, bias. And y'all just cut Pratt. Remember y'all released Pratt? Yeah. So, so wait, hold on. Pratt. Pratt Pratt was the middle back. It was the mic Linebacker.


Yeah. He led your team in tackles. Yeah, he did. So Logan Wilson plays, They drafted somebody, they drafted somebody in the second round outta South Carolina. I was reading yesterday at night. They must, he must gonna be plugged. And Nick Seem really high on him. Yeah. He going, he gonna plug and play then, huh? Yeah. He got, and remember Pratt was like, hey, he wanted a contract extension. He wanted to be, You know, wanna bump and pay. Yeah. They're like, nah bro, we can't bump you and pay. I was reading now, I don't know, You know, maybe somebody just throwing out numbers. I think Trey's supposed to make what, 15, 16, 17 million. They're trying to get him to 28. I don't think he's looking at listening to anything that doesn't start with a three. Now. I'm not, now I, and I honestly, because you see, you see he is like, hold on, one guy making 55, another guy making 40, another guy making 30.


And then y'all want me to come in at 28 and he see Miles Garrett, he knows Michael is about to get something that starts with a four. And y'all want me to start with a two? Yeah. I, I, I just, I just don't see that. Let, let's be fair. If he wants to get what he wants, he's not gonna be able to get it because everything you just ran off, we just paid 1 40, 1 30 and one making 55, then there's no room for you to make. Do you take, do you take a discount? Do you take a discount or No, The question is better question, does he miss the first eight games and then come back the last eight games to make sure he gets accredited season or does, because that's what I would do. Because if you don't come back, they still have your rights. Mm. So I would, You know, it, it all depends on how serious he is about his money.


Oh. Oh, he's serious. Okay. He's serious. And this, this is, this is the thing that you can do when they know you love the game Monk, when they know you love the game and they know you can't stay away from the game, they always want you to be team first. Team that team this and team oriented and be the, but when it come time to play, this is what, this is what happens. Yeah. Now I just talk about the Bengals in general. I'm talking about in general. Oh yeah. They will use your love for the game against you. 'cause the business side of things will sneak upon you and bite you in the ass. Yeah. Every time, I'm trying to think of a guy that Sean Gilbert might be the only guy that I can remember that missed the whole season and then he ended up turning around and getting paid.


I think he went to Carolina. I think it's with Washington and he ended up going to Carolina. It might be vice versa, but that's what I, I mean, I think the thing is to say what I would do is easy to say what, because you're not in that situation. Right. Me, I ain't missing no time. I understood that that was time I wasn't gonna be able to get back. And like you said, Ocho I think the thing is, they, they know the guys that really everybody don't love the game like we do now. Yeah. No, I, So they, they gonna hard time us. Well this all we got knowing damn well we, yeah, we might miss a game, but we ain't missing no half of those season. No entire season. Hey listen, because we love it too much. Listen, and the funny thing about it is, I, I love the game, but I, I think during my time I was in fortunate situations I think where they, they came to me early twice.


Right? Me early where, where I didn't have to deal with that type of situation. Right. Because to me it's almost, it's almost a slap in the face a little bit unc when you think about it. Yeah. Almost a slap in the face. And we take it personally as players, and I know they do when situation like this arises, when you understand what your value is, you understand what the market is, and then you have a team that's hesitant in giving, you say market value, make it hard. Listen one thing about it, I don't care how many, how many, how many players you got got paid. There's always a, a way to make it happen depending on who the player is. You do understand that, right? Yes, but My, they can it out. But I don't get from the Bengals Ocho, if you had this problem last year and you didn't resolve it and during the season or after the season, what makes you thought the the problem is going to go away?


It's like if you have a disease and don't talk about it, but just because you don't talk about it, you better go get it. You better treat it. Yeah. Because talking about it, but because not talking about a problem, like, it's like two people argue Ocho and you go to bed. That issue is not gonna be resolved in the morning because you didn't talk about it that night. As a matter of fact, you going to give people an opportunity to build up. They like this mofo played with me, they couldn't address me. Right. They know I So you laying over there steaming, she led over there steaming. You know, you get out bed in the mornings, you stepping on lifts 'cause her lips poked out to the floor, his lips poked out to the floor. So I don't understand how the Bengals thought this situation and he had another 17 and a half sex season and he led the FL and sacks and somehow you thought he was going, well, we got a good chance to go.


You had a good chance to go to the Super Bowl last year or the playoffs last year and it didn't happen. Guys are not, You know, teams always want you to think, oh, think big picture. No, the big picture is me and my family. That's the big picture I'm thinking about. I dunno what picture y'all painting because Ocho what they tell, what they tell you Ocho when they release players, you hear, and I think we're gonna talk about this a little later. Yeah. Jahi. Yeah, Ike said what he said, they're always thinking about what is in the best interest of the team. Okay. What is the best interest of the business? Okay. Players are businesses. Yes. What is in the best interest of Trey Hendrickson not playing is in the best interest of Trey Henderson being all honest.


Now, I'm not telling the guy what he should or what he shouldn't do. Yeah. But this is what we do know. He take his ass out there on that field and he get anything that happens. Lord forbid it does not. Yes Sir. He ain't get no payday. You know that. I know that. Yes sir. Yeah. All listen, the thing is this, it's tough when a tough spot, the Bengals organization is in a tough spot. Trey Henderson is in a tough spot. Joe Burrow saying that it's a distraction to those that are in the organization, those that are, that are on the team, those that are at mini camp right now. I think for the fans, it's a distraction and it's just like overwhelming. And they're like, God damn, here we go again. But again, as fans, as players, you have to be able to separate the, the personal side of being a football player in the business side.


I, I think if you can, you can compartmentalize and be able to separate the two and understand that it is business first. It's not personal, it's nothing against you as a player. But this is the way they conduct themselves. Not just with the Bengals, but with every team in general. I think you'll be all right. I want Trey to get his money though, You know, even if it's not with us, I would love to see him back with the Bengals. But he, I would also love to see him get what he deserves somewhere else. Because I think the thing is Ojo, what happens is that Joe would like to talk about what a great day of practice they had. Yes, Sir. But the media's asking him about trade's contract. They're asking him about the rookies contract, who we're gonna talk about in just a second. So he's like, bro, I'm trying to say, hey, T and I had a great comment, had a great work today.


We got some great work to done today. We got better today. But you're asking me about a player that's not here. I don't know what you want me to say. Right? Joe is being the, the leader that he is. Yeah. We love to have Trey and I think he's done enough to, to He's earned not deserve, he's earned a raise in pay. Yeah. Because guess what, let's just say for the sake of argument, Ocho, instead of having 17 and a half sacks, he had five and a half sacks. Do you think they would keep him on the contract that he has now? Absolutely not. I answered it for you. No, they wouldn't. So now he outperforms the contract. You don't wanna reward him, but if he underperformed, you'll punish him. Yes.


That's That. And that's, and that's the way it is. And, and, and I and, and hopefully fans like see that and I understand, look, I understand you want running a business, but guys normally play better guys' team after being in, You know, a business, your work is performed better when they're compensated. Yeah, yeah. Oh, and you're Happily yes. Which is they, which is one of the reasons why do you think they always go ahead and pay the quarterback? Yes. They always pay the quarterback. You get your quarterback out the way. So he had nothing to worry about. He's in the right state of mind and he can focus on your job at hand, no distractions. And again, not being able to get your money after putting in all the work, You know, the sacrifice, the sweat, the injuries.


I just think, I mean, he led, I mean there, I mean he led the entire league in Sacks. He did that. He had, he, I mean he had 17 and a half. He was, I mean he was in the running for defensive player of the year. And he's probably thinking to himself, what the hell do I have to do to get rewarded for my hard work? Yeah, That's crazy. It's unfortunate.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for a P'S preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family, learn more@apu.aaps.edu slash military.


Meta AI is the personal AI to help you with whatever you need, plus it meets you where you are. Not only is Meta AI now an app, but it's also on the apps you already know and love. Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, and Messenger. Plus the RayBan Meta Glasses. It's easy to access wherever you are. So whether you're talking or texting, meta AI is convenient to use throughout your day experience. Meta's newest AI that's tailored to you by download the meta AI app. Try the Meta AI app today on the Apple App Store and Google Play.


You don't want vacation to end, but with Amex Platinum, you earn five times membership. Rewards points on prepaid hotels and more. Book through amex travel.com. So you're already planning the next one. Book your room with fine hotels and resorts through Amex Travel and get an upgrade when available. Plus guarantee 4:00 PM checkout so you have time to check out the pool before flying off to what's next. That's the powerful backing of American Express Term Supply. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash with MX CST 1 0 2 2 3 1 8.


Hello. Hello, Malcolm Gladwell here. If you've read my Tipping Point books, You know how interested I am in small changes that lead to big impacts. That's why I was ecstatic when I heard about the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine's latest connected project, the MIL box, the Mill, which brings personalized healthcare to everyone, not just people with top of the line insurance. The first major project from University of Miami Miller School of Medicine Media and Innovation Lab, also known as the mill. The MIL started with one simple question, how can you measure the impact of sleep on cardiovascular health, especially in vulnerable communities, students, professors, and other experts put their heads together and challenge the status quo.


Combining as many as seven IOT connected devices into an innovative offering. Thanks to these wearables and home-based tech researchers were able to create individualized health profiles for every participant, almost like a healthcare fingerprint. In the first year of the program, the MIL box was distributed to nearly 1500 people with a focus on underserved population.


The mailbox or MIL box was distributed leveraging T-Mobile 5G and digital twin technologies. This first of it kind project uses machine learning to analyze data, simulate feature outcomes, and even provide personalized recommendations. Researchers are hoping to pave the way towards more proactive healthcare for all for their outstanding efforts. I selected University of Miami Miller School of Medicine to receive the inaugural tipping point designation from T-Mobile for business in 2024. Did your organization do something outside the box with T-Mobile for Businesses Network this year? Well, I've got great news. T-Mobile wants you to enter for a chance to be recognized at this year's award ceremony. It's all going down October 20th in Orlando, Florida. So head to T-Mobile dot com slash enter and put your best foot forward entries close July 31st.


And listen, this is, this happens all the time for sure. Well, it happens all the time. Yeah, it so happens. It is his turn. His turn. Bengals rookie Shamar Stewart is still waiting to take his first practice rep in the NFL. He also has some words for the Bengals today in comparing his situation with Treys. Let's take a listen to what he had to say. Like some people say, we will all agree, Trey will be right, right. But technically still 1% wrong for being on the contract. So, and in my case, I'm a hundred percent right, so it should be a no brainer. And in Trey's case, I think it should be a no brainer too. I mean, he lived 17 and a half, 62 for two years back to back if I was the GM or I was the owner, take all my money.


But I guess they don't operate like that, but no, they do not. Hey, listen, hey uncle, it's easy to say take all my money when you not the gm, it's Somebody else money. Oh yeah. Hey Man, get all owe your money. Don't bother mine. It's easy to say that. But listen, you learn quick, you learn, you learn quick and you learn fast. The rookie will understand that this is the business and it's running a little different. It's running a little different now. He's had 17 and a half sacks back to back seasoning. Right? And then they're, they're hesitate they're hesitant on pad them. So in situations like this, this'll tell you how they really feel about you. Yeah. Because depending on who the player is, depending on who the player is and how much they value you and what you bring to the table, oh man, they not even playing when it's time to get paid.


I don't care who YI don't care who y'all, Let's tell this is what Mike Florio, a pro football focus, right? This football talk, PFT, he said the Bengals have decided to wedge a new clause into Stewart's deal. The clause would turn a default in any given year into a void of all remaining guarantees. And prior Bengals contracts void wiped out only the guarantees for the year in which the default occurred. Stewart refuses to be the be Guinea pig for the new term. And the Bengals refuse to blink as a result, Stewart will be less prepared for training camp than he would've been. So in other words, a lot of times they put a clause in there, Ocho it says, if you do something wrong, the the money you were supposed to get in that year Right, Is wiped away.


Now they put the new clause in there, say if you do something wrong, any guarantee that you're supposed to get in 25, 26, 27, 28, that's going to, oh no, hell no. I understand. I to, to me, honestly, I I I don't, I don't like the verbiage, but again, I would, I would have it on a a year to year basis. If this year, if you mess up, You know, and it's contact you to Mr the team. Yes. That is that serious where we need to recoup some of that money back. That's guaranteed. I see. Fit to do so. Yes. That up one Your boy, the your boy, all the remaining guaranteed. Oh, absolutely not.


Hell no. Not over what? But don't, man, don't make, don't make me curse. Don't make me curse because I just got saved the other day. Don't do that. No, don't do that. Don't do that. That, listen, that. I know they're trying to set a precedent. I'm not sure what precedent Not with me. You know, Listen, outside of, don't get into any trouble, period. I don't know if he has a past, if he has a past history of doing things wrong. I, IIII don't know for them to actually wanna put that clause in his contract, all of a sudden out the blue set a precedent with this individual. Yeah. I'm not sure what his past looks like. No, that's I can think of and why they would wanna do something like that And No, but it seems to be like this is something that they're trying to do moving forward To everybody.


Yes. How only ground, Because the clause turn the default in any given year into a void of all remaining guaranteed and prior Bengal's contracts, a void wiped out only guaranteed for which the year the default occurred. So if he did something in 25, okay, we wipe out the guarantees in 25, 26, 27, 28 is protected. Now they're saying if you default in 25, 26, 27, 28 get wiped away. Oh hell no. On joke. That's the whole purpose of guarantee right? Is to be able to get the guarantee. Yes. Yeah. I I have a question. Yes. Are there any other NL teams that practice the same clause in their contracts or we, we would, we would know that.


Huh? Well, there Some, some you have a contract, let's just say for the sake of argument, right? You in the NFL, you are a wide receiver, or it's like coaches, like, like a college, like a NFL coach. I give you cut. You say I got three years left on my deal at $12 million a year. Yes Sir. I get a new job, whatever. So now it offsets, so what they have is offset language. So if I get a job from another team, however much that team pay that I have to pay the remaining. So if I get a deal for 9 million over there, I only have to pay 3 million over here where I left, got left at.


You know what I'm saying? Right. Some people write in, there is no offset language. Jimbo Fisher, Jimbo Fisher got released. He gives all 80 of that remaining money. It was 82 to be exact. Okay, I remember that. So sometimes they try to put offset language where you can't double dip. Right. Players can't double dip. So if you get released and you go sign with another team, I ain't got nothing to do with you. I want the money that you owe me and I'm gonna get the money they going to give me. Right. Don't you worry about what I got you. Just go make sure that a, just go ahead and make sure you keep the checks coming. I will be, Hey, you got a, you got the wire number.


Go and put it in there. Direct deposit. So that's, and and some teams do, some teams will have offset language. If you get another job, even in tv you get released by one network, you go somewhere else, they just pay the difference. So you got X, y whatever the case may be. So if you get, if you get say 5 million over here, you only get two and a half over there, you gonna get two and a half. Hey this, hey y'all, hey man, this is, this is, as much as people love the beautiful game, they, they, I don't think they understand the nasty business side of it. No They don't. Nasty business side of it. It, it can get ugly. It can get very ugly. And the fact, there's a reason why when it comes to contracts and negotiations or a situations like this, there's a reason why the agents go in there and not the players.


'cause the players go in those rooms and you hear how owners really feel about you and what they really wanna do and the language they wanna put in the fi the fine print language that they wanna put in contracts to protect themselves from having to pay you long term. If you mess up, they, oh listen, it was, it was some stuff like, I, I don't wanna bring up the past, but it was some stuff in, in Tee's contract and in Chase's contract that was, that wasn't suitable. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It, You know, it wasn't right. So if they, if they, if they were doing it to Tee and Chase, You know who, who the meat and potatoes that offense outside of Joe. I know they gonna do it to trade and they definitely gonna do it to the rookie. Oh yeah.


For sure. So, but it, it's, it's business man. It's it's business. Yeah. It's never personal. I'm like, Hey, You know what I'm gonna do? Hey, I'm gonna call Joe Burrow agent. Hey bro, y'all got this language in your contract. They do it all the time. Yeah. They do it all the time. Nah bro, you're not fitting, I'm not finna be no Guinea pig. You're not finna sit no precedent with me. Right. And then everybody that comes after me, they looking at me crazy because I allowed it to happen because I have the highest draft pick the year that they started this foolishness. And I, I, I agreed to it. How, how, how can this go though? What if he refuses to play? What if he refuses to sign the contract? Unless they remove that language, what happens?


Well That's, that's it. They either have to remove the language or he has to say, I'm not playing. Woo. That can, that can get ugly. Huh? I hope he did. Hope he got some good NIL money. He hadn't spent too much, he hadn't promised his mom or dad or whomever house yet. Right. Damn. I I don't, I don't like that for him. I don't neither. Aren Rodgers was the latest veteran quarterback to weigh in on mentoring the next generation. In his case, he was asked about wi mentoring. Will Howard, he responded. Will's a good kid. We got to talk a little bit. I thought he did a really, I thought he did really well today. He seems pretty bright going through the progressions really well.


I'm gonna be with him every single day, every single meeting foul my seat next to him today in the offensive meeting. Whether or not it sticks right next to Will Howard. So I'm gonna help him out as much as I can. Okay. Ocho You know what, Ocho You know what? I ain't gonna lie to you. Ocho lemme tell you the true story. Ocho, I got middle in college with math. Ain't none of that issue. Stick. I told you once we got past timetables, me and math really didn't get along. Ocho ocho if I couldn't do this like this here. Yeah. Or write it down on little scratch papers. Yes sir.


On six one. Me and what? Hey, you start getting the fractions and pies. Yeah, but it's only one pie. I know that's apple pie. That's it. But, but, but if he can pie And they start talking about if a train left at four 30 in the morning and train B left at six o'clock in the afternoon, at what point would the watch, Watch? Hold On, hold on, hold on. If Johnny, if Johnny had five apples. Yeah, he gave Amy three. Yeah, but Adam bought back six. Man, if you Yeah, I'm like bro, He just got my face. Two trains, one leaves at 4:30 AM the other leaves at 6:00 PM at one time when he and I don't How fast are they going?


I don't know what man, I just see on Joe. I don't know why they just couldn't do, why they couldn't do 12 times 12? Why they couldn't do 60 49 from 60 is how. But they start doing all other stuff. They gone with me. So me and math, me and math, we were not good. And favorite thing. No. Nah, bad aint my favorite thing. Oh sure. Yeah. Hey, whatever. Eight. That funny boy. Yeah. But see when it comes to percentage, okay, you got this much and you gonna get a percentage of bro, how much is that?


How much you want? Said how, how much you want? Man, I start getting, hey, I I, let's do a round number 'cause we start getting $776 and I'm getting you getting three point a half percent of that. Ah, come on bro. Hey, I got, I got, I I got $35 for you. Okay. $35. Do you, bro, you asking an awful lot man. I ain't got time to be doing all that. You know, you do this and you and you add 0.24 or 0.4. Nah man, I ain't got all that. I ain't got time for that. So No. So I get what Aren is saying, mentoring, You know, because everybody processes information differently.


Yeah. Me, I was a visual learner. Right. I need you to see you put it on the board. Don't, Hey Shannon, I want you to go do this, do that. Like No, no, no, no. Draw that issue on the board and once I, once I saw it, that's okay. I I I I'm good now. I'm good. Yeah. I'm a, I'm a visual learner. Don't explain nothing to me. Show me. But at the end of the day, Oh hey boy, that was funny. Boy. At, at, at the end of the day. The beginning of the day or or the middle of the day. O Joe, how well does somebody process information? Yeah. How well do they retain information and then kick, can you spit it out?


That's it. Can you spit it out? Right. Because sometimes some people can read something and have no urgent idea what the hell they read. Some people can skim over it and give you a great synopsis of what's what's actually saying. Yeah. Everybody processes information different. They do. Yes. Miles Garrett had a simple response today about Aren Rodgers joining the A FC North. I think it's a good opportunity to put him in the graveyard. Damn. That's the type of answer you expect from a defense end. Oh yeah, for sure. That type of answer you expect from one of, if not the best defense end in the NF.


Yep. In the NFL. Listen, he gotta deal with Aren Rodgers twice a year and he letting them know ahead of time. You already know what time it is. I'm not here to say nice about you. Oh no, no, no, no, no. Oh actually I'm trying to, I'm trying to add you, I'm trying to add you to the resume. You know, I don't know if I've got an opportunity to sack Peyton Manning or, or Tom Brady or somebody. But hey, you the next best thing I'll take. Hey, I might not have an opportunity to get them, but I can get your ass. Yeah, Most definitely. But they listen shit. They asked the wrong, they asked the wrong one. Packer, CEO and president Mark Murphy had some shade for Jerry Alexander when asked about the recent release.


He's been a great player for us. Obviously elite talent unfortunately just injured a lot. Unfortunately. That's a big part of the game we see. We've been used to playing without him. Mm. Alexander played 14 games over the last two seasons. Yeah. Damn. Hey played 14 games. Listen, injuries is something you, you, you can't avoid. But one thing I know about that young bull, when he is healthy, when he is on the field and he's playing man to man in your face, he gonna give you everything he got and he wanted the best at it. He one of the best at it, but he doesn't get the credit he deserves because he's been injured. Ben, I can only, I can only speak on what I've seen when I see him on the field and he gonna talk that trash through YouTube and back it up the best he can.


Him and Justin, Jeff the matchups, those matchups were classic. Yeah. He wants and he lost some, but either way I'm tuned in. Every time them two used to line him together, he gonna go somewhere. I don't know where he go wherever he goes. They understand. They, they need to understand what they're getting, what he is healthy and do whatever they need to do to get him on that field and keep him on there. That's the toughest part about it, Ocho because being available is a big part of how good you are. You know, boy, he's a good worker. When I can get him to come to work, that ain't what the damn did. Right. Right. And I look, he's injured. I think he said he had a a, a meniscus or something.


He had a shoulder injury. When you play a skilled position, it's hard to go out there and play with something's wrong with you. Yeah. Because you got a lower extremity. 'cause that's how, where am I going Ocho, if I can't, all of a sudden I can't be sudden. Right. All of a sudden I'm a DB and I can't raise my arm. How do I knock down a pass? How do I intercept a pass? Or if I got an injury, I my something where my knee, my hips or something ankle And It takes, guess what? Only thing people in the stands see and people at home see, man, Ja gave up a touchdown, man. He tell you sorry, he done fell off bad. 'cause he used to be good. He done feel out bad. That's what they see.


Yeah. They don't see Monday to, You know, getting treatment and all that stuff. You're not able to practice. You potentially have to shoot up, you have to take medication. They don't see any of that. All they see is Alexander on the back of that Packer jersey and whether or not he's making plays or not is really that simple. Yeah. Did you or didn't you? Damn, that's unfortunate man. And I guess they were trying to like come to a number that was amenable to both parties. Right. Excuse me. And they could just never get there. Maybe he thought it was too low, they thought it was too high. Right. And at the end of the day, we've seen teams and amount of money they won't eat.


'cause we've seen them eat Aren Rodgers contract Green Bay. We've seen the Broncos eat Russell Wilson's contract. So there is not a, a denomination 40, 50, $60 million. They don't care. No. And There's a good chance the the, the Falcon probably have to eat cousins. Some cousin's contract. So you don't, you don't think obviously he he he's not gonna move, huh? No, because they, I'm sure they're gonna want whoever, whoever take him to pay a substantial chunk of that, that contract. And they're like, nah, we just wait for you to release him and we can get a from minimum. Okay. Yeah. Damn. I mean, to pay $50 million for a backup.


Ooh, hey, hey, that's good money there, boy. Can you imagine? Yeah. Backup making 50 million. I I I just, I remember when this deal came down and you and I was talking about, I said ocho Yeah, We we sure was. Yeah. I said Ocho, I thought listen, I sure thought he was gonna get at least two years in. I ain't know. He would. He would. I didn't know. I didn't know it would be that soon. Huh? I said at best case scenario, he gives two. Right. I said, but Ocho, what if he only gets one? And you got all that guaranteed money, you are in a Russell Wilson situation. Yeah. Yeah. And that's, and that's exactly what happened, happened. Now Russell's situation was a little, You know, they wanted some, some protections of get the guaranteed money, blah, blah, blah.


Russell's like, nah, I'm not waiving that. And I get it because, man, and I think they still got another 10 million next year they owe him because he got 110. I think he got a, he got a hundred signed a a a a four year, $180 million deal. But 110 of it was guaranteed 50 signing bonus. And then 60 year over the next two years. Hey, one thing about brother cousins, man, listen. Oh man, cousin, God, hey, he, God has been good to him. Great. And his timing, his timing has been impeccable every time. And he bett on yourself. One thing about it, when you bet on yourself, he's come out on top every single time.


So how much you got 84. You got 84 5. 184 million. I No, 84,000,004. That's $21 million a year, huh? No, I was talking about, we talking about cousins. I was like, I I was like 20. No, no, you are way more than that.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family, learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Meta AI is the personal AI to help you with whatever you need, plus it meets you where you are. Not only is Meta AI now and app, but it's also on the apps you already know and love. Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, and Messenger. Plus the RayBan Meta Glasses. It's easy to access wherever you are. So whether you're talking or texting, meta AI is convenient to use throughout your day experience. Meta's newest AI that's tailored to you by download the meta AI app. Try to meta AI app today on the Apple App store and Google Play


Your Dream getaway. Welcome in, starts At the airport with Amex Platinum. You get access to the Centurion Lounge where you can find space to send off that last work email. Fill up on premium dining. Ah, and finally relax for up to three hours before takeoff. You might even wish your layover could last just a little longer. Flight to Mexico. Now boarding. Oh, that's me. That's the powerful backing of American Express terms. Apply for more information, visit american express.com/with Amex.


Hello. Hello. Malcolm Gladwell here from Revisionist History. You know, I'm always seeking out the story behind the story, looking for bold thinking, brave collaboration, and the kind of game changers who make a real difference in the world. That's why I was truly inspired when I found out about the work 3:00 AM Innovations has been doing to make firefighting safer. The story begins as many do with a problem. How can you keep fire crews informed? Connected and as I mentioned, safe when they're doing their vital work. 3:00 AM innovation solution to this problem is Florian an innovative piece of technology that is already changing the way firefighters communicate from dispatch to unseen activities and even all the way to post fire training efforts. Florian is a powerhouse that offers an unparalleled amount of data for everyone along the command chain. 3D mapping, hydrant status, automated tracking of crews and more are all available at any moment making the near impossible task of managing a chaotic situation on the ground. Well possible. The whole system is powered by T-Mobile for business's powerful 5G network. But it's more than that. 3:00 AM innovations have teamed up with partners like Microsoft, Panasonic, and others to ensure this essential tech is operational when needed most. That spirit of selfless collaboration is just a small part of why T-Mobile for business gave 3:00 AM innovations. Its 2024. Innovation in community award, T-Mobile for business will once again be honoring outside the box thinking like this on October 20th in Orlando, Florida, if your company is a T-Mobile for business customer, you can nominate your team, group or organization for this unique award show. Head to T-Mobile dot com slash enter for more details on how to enter, I'll be there. Will you?


Yeah. And that's the thing though. Ocho, I mean cousin, no cousins got like 50 million guaranteed he got signing bonus because I think he had 110, it was 180 for four years and then I think he had 110 guaranteed. Maybe 150 guaranteed. Woo. Hey, could you imagine, could you, Hey Chad, could you imagine? Just close your eyes real quick and just imagine you go to sleep at the night and you wake up in the morning and it's, and it's 50 million in your bank account. But Uncle Sam done took half of it. Ocho he got 50, he got 90 to fully, if you think about ocho, he's never had a contract since he became the starter in Washington.


That wasn't guaranteed because remember he played on, he played on the franchise tag one year. He played on the franchise tag the second year. Yeah. Minnesota fully guaranteed the deal. And then he came back and got another fully guaranteed deal. And now what you call him just gave him a hundred million fully guaranteed. Hey, So he got 50 this year. He got 50 last year, he got 40 this year. That's 90. He got another 10 next year. Hey, listen, that's God child man. God don't play by this children. He don't. But when it comes to Jair for the Mark Murphy Yes sir. You say what?


He said you think that's file. You know what, what did you tell me? What, what did I tell you? I want owners to, You say you want, you want the truth. More owners need to start speaking like this. Tell us How you, they don't really have a owner. They have a ceo. The only team that, the only team that that doesn't have ownership. Right? Yeah. I mean, listen, tell us how you really feel right now. The Bengals are in this situation right now. I mean obviously I, I know there's no one over there that, that would do that. But tell us why you really don't wanna pay him. You know, it would be, it would be, it would be a breath of fresh air If we can get owners to speak out. Why don't really don't want to do things. Tell me where Mike Murphy.


What Mark Murphy did. You know what? We like him. We just don't feel we wanna invest that much money into him. We don't think he's worth that. Right? Okay. He got, he got 17 and a half sacks two years in a row, but we don't think he can do it for another year. Right. Just come out and sing it. We don't see him as as, as a Michael Parsons or we don't see him as a a Miles Garrett type. He's a tier two defenses in come out and say it because if if, if it was anybody else, hell, if it was Miles Garrett, oh, you gonna get your money. Well, it's kinda like, I, I think I, who was it? Ranch Ricky Guy wanted the con one wanted a, a big contract.


He said, what'd you hit last year, son? He said, I hit 3 50 17 homers and, and 85 rbis. He said, what place did we finish in the division? He said, we finished last. He said, we could finish that without you. So I guarantee you Cincinnati's having this conversation. Yeah. Where did we finish with them? Defense with 17. When you got those 17 Hal Sacks you were in defensive player of the year running. Where did we finish? Where did we finish defensively? Okay, we can finish that without you. Yeah. And that, that's, then that's how they, I guarantee they're having those conversations. You and I thinking Ocho, it should be a no brainer. The guy got 17 half sacks.


He did it one year. He didn't do it just one year. He did it two years. Yeah. So you like, okay, fine, cool. But a lot of times what the mistakes and sometimes, You know, you better to wait, if you get t you save yourself probably $30 million. Right. If you signed him last year. If you go ahead and give, see now, if you gave Trade 28 million last year, he'd jump on that with both feet. Yeah. Now he sees where the market is going. The market is not in the, in the, in the, the high twenties, low thirties. The market's in the forties. Yeah. You see, You know what, you see what you just said the way you just explained it about the timing of Yeah.


Deciding to pay the players. And that's the difference in Brother Harry Roseman and Jeffrey Lure. Yep. The timing and when they decide to play players has always been impeccable. Yep. They always get 'em before it's too high. That's the Patriots motto. Yeah. They get 'em at the right time where it makes sense and it's almost to a point where it's team friendly in a sense because you can continue to build around them. Yep. And I, I I, I, man, I wish man, I Don't wish more teams did that, huh? Yeah. I don't give himself a shit. We previously spoke about the reports that Terry McClure is frustrated with the lack of progress on a long-term deal.


Well, new reports say that scary. Terry is not attending Commander's mini camp. All these camps now OCHO are mandatory. There are no more voluntary. They're all mandatory Ocho. How would the situation end? He give that money. He don't get his money. You know, You sit, Can I tell you how he gonna get his money? I'm gonna tell you. Yeah. I'm gonna tell you how he gonna get his money. How You gonna get it? Shoot Jayden. Damn gonna go up there. Hello? Who is it in Jayden. I need my number one quarterback. I need my captain. I'm not sure what you need to do on your end, but I know what I need on my end.


I need scary Terry to get that money. So I had that, that, that safety net. So I had that individual to throw to the same one. Pull up the film from last year. I don't understand what the problem is. I don't know what we mulling around for. Get him his money. I still got two years before I'm up, so we gonna be all right. No, I'm going, yeah, this year and next year. After next year, I'm gonna come see you too. And if I got him, that increases my value too. Thank you. Because I know I'm gonna put up big numbers and I see where it's going. So I'm about, I'm trying to get 62. Damn. Oh, I'm trying to get, hold on. I tried to get Josh, I'm trying to get Josh Allen number 62.


Josh Allen would've signed two years. I'm two years after Josh Allen. I'm trying to keep, keep the market going. Okay. Okay. How much Josh Allen, how much Josh Allen got fully guaranteed. I tell you what, you ain't gotta gimme, you ain't gotta gimme, but 300 make it all guaranteed. 300. Josh Allen got three 30. How much is fully guaranteed? Two 50. He got a quarter, Billy, he got two 50 fully guaranteed. Okay. Boom. That's me. So six years, three 30. I, I don't, I don't really care nothing about that.


Tell me how much, if it floods, if it snow, if it's a a, a tornado, a rainstorm, I don't care. Tell me what I'm gonna be, what I'm going to get. So guess what, by that time Mocho 2 75, that gonna be the guard rate. 2, 7, 5. Hey, so CJ Stroud gonna be in that, in that ballpark too then CJ Stroud up there after this season. Absolutely. Yes. And you better hold Patrick Mahome don't do say, You know what, I'm tired of all these jokers make it more than me. Give me my true value. He wouldn't do that. I'm saying Yeah, pat, pat, he won't, You know, I'm saying he's made it abundantly clear.


Yeah. He like, he's doing great with money. They've done great by him. He is like, look, I'm just trying to keep this team together as long as I possibly can keep his money, good players around me, all our Tom Brady as I possibly can. Hey. And plus the money that I make off the field can sustain my lifestyle And it makes up for what he's not gonna make in contracts as opposed to other quarterbacks. That's taking a huge lump sum. Yeah. I, I think the thing is, ojo, when you look at it, my homeboy, he's gonna be like Brady Brady's not the, is not the highest paid, was not the highest paid quarterback, even though he played the most years, he didn't make the most money.


Aren Rodgers is at 408 million I think. And then Matthew Staffer's at 3 91. Tom Brady, way, way on down. I mean, Tom Brady, listen, don't feel sorry for him. He made really good money. But Tom, it, it became painful. It became obvious to everybody. The most important thing was rings. It wasn't money because Tom realized as a quarterback, he was gonna be able to make money. Now he's making 35 million or 37 million a year for 10 years. So he good. So he said, now, now look, I give y'all something to chase. 'cause y'all can pass me monetarily. I wanna see the dude that's gonna catch me with these rings. Who gonna get eight? Who gonna get seven? Who gonna get six while we talking about it?


I'm already there. I'm in the clubhouse. He says, look, I've already shot under par. I'm in the clubhouse. Come catch it. Damn. So Goddamn Terry's like, look bro, I done been to the Pro Bowls out, done out, done out a thousand yard seasons. I don't really know what else y'all want me to do. I don't know. I, I don't know what else I need to do to show you that I'm worth whatever I say I am. His situation is different. He's gonna get his money. It's just about being patient and the timing of when it gets done. Miss mini camp, just make sure you working out before the season start, maybe before training camp.


You don't wanna miss another training camp. You don't No, no, you don't. You don't do that. Don't do that. And I'm sure that the organization understands you're going in a different direction. You're going in a different direction. You had a phenomenal season last year. You got things off, you got things off to a great start. Don't don't f it up. Don't f it up. Don't piss off the fans. You had a great season in NFC championship last year. Let's keep that momentum and consistency of greatness going forward in changing that culture. Wow. Reports are saying coach, wide receiver, wide receiver coach Reggie Wayne, Reggie Wayne, that is Reggie Wayne is viewed as a possible interim head coach if Shane Steichen struggles to start the season.


Ocho I, Ooh, I like it. You don't like It. Now here's the thing, You know, they're under, You know, Jim rse rest his soul. Mr. Ey passed away a month ago. Yeah. His three daughters took over. I think his oldest, oldest daughter, although they all have roles, she is the majority. She makes the decisions because even if it's a family thing, the NFL wants that have be one voice. They want one person to be able to talk. And so she is the, she's the, You know, the oldest and I guess he, You know, put it in a situation where, okay, you handle this and it's gonna go accordingly. But that'd be very, very interesting because it's one thing to like, damn, all of a sudden we're thrust into this and we are running a a billion dollar corporation, a multibillion dollar corporation.


It's something entirely different. When you got a head coach situation in your first year, that's not something that, You know, you've been on a job for five, six years old, Joe, you, you wanna kind of understand it. Right? But your first year, you've gotta make that decision. I mean, listen, they've been around the game though. They've been around the game long enough. Yep. Yeah, sure. They gonna be certain decisions that are, that are gonna be made that can be, You know, somewhat altering business decision and business decisions. And that is, that is one of 'em. Listen, I'm not sure who made the call or who made the decision when Jeff, Jeff Saturday got the opportunity. Jim ey, he, Jim Mee. So again, He loves his players.


He's written close to his players. I mean, Yeah, so I mean, I think that, I think it would be a great, great opportunity for, for Reggie. He, he knows the organization, he knows the fan base. He, he understands the culture and, and, and what, what nows the fans, but what the organization needs to get Indy back to their winning ways. Yeah, but here's the thing, Ocho, you have to understand. Jim Mercy had a personal relationship with Jeff Saturday. Yes, sir. They're just, even though they're around, they don't have the same type of relationships. They haven't developed that. And it's different. Male, female, You know what I'm saying? Ocho so going out, You know, Mr. Ey going out and drinking with, with, with Saturday and some of the guys's one thing, that's not what they're gonna do.


They're not gonna have that same dynamic as their father had. And so it, it, that's what, You know, I don't wish, I don't want Shane Ste. And I don't want him to man to lose his job, but I mean, this is a situation. They're just saying, they're just throwing stuff up. Like what if he, he struggles. Yeah. Shane is gonna be okay. Yeah. Shane is gonna be okay. Him losing his job is all predicated on how the quarterback play is. Yes. Listen, the quarterback play is, that's all it comes down to. That's the, that about him. I want call the elephant in the room, but that's the goddamn elephant in the room. Mm. How well is a quarterback play gonna play?


Because if a quarterback play is bad, he gonna get you fired. That's what happens. And sometimes they play just good enough to get themself, get the coach fired and them cut self cut that were rich, rich used to tell us Richard Smith, he was our special teams coach. Yeah. He said, son, you played just well enough to get me cut and you fired. So the, that's gonna be a tough, I mean, I, I, I think Houston's gonna be, You know, Houston's gonna rebound, even though they won the division last year, I think they'll be a little bit better. We're gonna be very interested to see how Jacksonville does this year.


They got a new head coach. They got Travis Hunter. We'll see Trevor Lawrence. Yeah. He, he gotta come back. He got Ryan Thomas Jr. Travis. Yeah. I'm, I'm excited. Hey that, Hey, is Jackson Jacksonville man? What that, what that best stadium gonna be rocking. Boy, that stadium gonna be rocking The volume.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family, learn more@apu.aus.edu slash military.


You don't want vacation to end, but with Amex Platinum, you earn five times membership. Rewards points on prepaid hotels and more. Book through amex travel.com. So you're already planning the next one. Book your room with fine hotels and resorts through Amex Travel and get an upgrade when available. Plus guaranteed 4:00 PM checkout so you have time to check out the pool before flying off to what's next. That's the powerful backing of American Express term supply. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash with Amex CST 1 0 2 2 3 1 8.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to it in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer. Career Cybersecurity specialists earn in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


This is an iHeart podcast.