
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree, you've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Yo. This is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We've all got a thing, an obsession for some of uss Vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect, they all live under one roof. eBay, it's for closets. Get filled with statement pieces and vintage V, or must have sneakers wait for you. And designer handbags are the real deal on eBay. Doors open to stacks of the rear trading cars in a garage stock with all the car parts you need for any do-it-yourself job. eBay is home to whatever thing you're into that keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


What's popping? Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosion, a lot of energy and attitude. It's A whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you Feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more. Check out Bose dot com.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New draft King customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Ocho? Yeah. A tweet went viral yesterday and it said my cousin white girlfriend is in granny kitchen barefooted. What's the etiquette if you're visiting the family and not of the culture? Well, listen, if you're not of the culture, obviously some people's houses, you know, you gotta leave your, you gotta leave your shoes, you gotta leave your shoes at the door. Yeah, you got to leave your shoes at the door. Now I just understand, I went somewhere yesterday where I had the, everybody when you walk to the door before I even ring the doorbell, everybody's shoes was lined up outside. So that let me know. Shoes off. So I'm not sure when it, when it come to us and then they, even black folk, they don't play by they rug, huh? Right. They don't play by they rug Don't Outside shoes on.


Yeah. So now I got, You gotta understand, I got those little booties that they have on at the hospitals. Okay. Yeah. That's risk. That's risk folk stuff. Yeah. If you got the booties where you, where you, where you step your, you step your whole foot in and it wrap it, it wrap the Yeah. That's rich folk stuff. It don't, it ain't got the rap. You just, the little blue ones, you just Oh, you just put 'em on. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, okay, okay. I, I understand. But, but that, that's etiquette. Everybody knows it's etiquette. You have to read the room and understanding where you're going and what type of people you're going to be around based on ethnicity and knowing what they do. All you have to do is look around whatever you see everybody else doing, you follow up soup. Yeah. It's pretty easy. It ain't hard. Hell, I mean, hell, I'm surprised they let her in the kitchen.


That's, that's first. That's the Well, especially if the food, if the food already done, she could be in the kitchen. If the food ain't done now, you know, you ain't got no business in there. Don't get your ass in the way. Like when my cooking, ain't nobody in the kitchen with my granny. Oh no. Oh no. They don't play that. So I, look, I, I don't what's etiquette? I'm just saying how, how we was raised. My grandmother was in the kitchen. Unless my grandmother asked my aunts to come into the kitchen, that was the only time they were in the kitchen. Right. But there was nobody, nobody from the outside. Not my uncle's wives. Not somebody, you know, my, my grandfather friends, their wives, nobody was in my granny's kitchen. So this is un this, I mean, hey, I guess this is the new thing now I'm just saying how we grew up and that wasn't happening.


So to each of, to each his own. Mary, Mary port ain't play that. My grandma didn't want all them people pot hands and no pot mixing and touching. No, no, no, no, no, no. So it's all, I think the thing is like, look, the mere fact that they're louder in the kitchen, that guy, I'm like, okay. I mean, at one point in time did y'all see her taking her shoes off like, no baby, we don't do that. You gotta you gotta understand read, read. Because everybody, everybody, everybody, every, every culture isn't like ours. Nah.


I mean, you touch one thing. My grandma washing her hands. She ain't, she ain't doing this and then go touch it. No, she gonna wash her hands and then and touch something else and constantly do she she back and forth. Right. So I don't, like I said, I, I don't regulate other people's houses, but I just know my grandmother was very, very meticulous about when she's in the kitchen. And I don't remember to the best of my recollection and my recollection is good. Ain't nobody, wasn't nobody in the kitchen helping granny do nothing. Every once in a while she would have my aunts come in and say, well I need y'all to chop this up or I need y'all to do this. But it definitely wasn't somebody from the outside. It wasn't my uncle's wives. It wasn't my, my grandfather's friends, their wives Mary report ain't play that.


She didn't play that. Right. And, and my grandmother was very predictive. My grandmother didn't eat at people house. We and my brother be hungry talking about y'all want something? No ma'am. Hungry than the mug. Go chop. Right, right. We already done got breathed. Don't ask for nothing. For nothing. Yeah. I remember that. Not eating at nobody's house. Why? Okay. Because you know, back then it wasn't a why your grandparents told you how to feel. Right. And that's it. You not hungry. You know what, we ain't eating a day and a half. You right. I ain't hungry. All all they hungry. They, they got hot food. They got fried chicken. They fried fish.


They cookies up both. You, you right granny. I ain't even hungry. Yeah. I don't, I don't even know what, what me and Spanky was thinking about, talking about we wanted to eat at these people house. They ain't so they took, that didn't hurt. Hey boy, that didn't hurt. You know what? It didn't hurt. I slammed my hand in the door. You right. It did hurt Granny papa. It did hurt. That did hurt. But like I said, he said my cousin white girlfriend is in Granny's kitchen barefoot, bare bro. Y'all got a, let her know Susan, Katie, that's not how we do things here. Can you please put your shoes back on? She was. 'cause she comfortable. She Comfortable. They know. She know. She definitely know.


They ain't nobody new. You get Ashley, Can you put your shoes Ocho the internet once again was in a uproar because I had Teddy Bear at the table and dogs at the table for Thanksgiving. Why you laughing o Man, you know Ocho, you don't Hell how old? 75 What though? Let me catch your what? 73. You better not let me catch your play day. Hey, you better let one of the old YouTube checks hit man. Who? Man. Man. Hey man. I saw one the other day, man. Q like 66.


I thought about it. I'm like, who will find out? But you got, you got me crying. That's the first thing you got. Like, okay, it's different now, Ocho, because you know, I'm like, damn man, please. But hey little, hey, got a little, got a little YouTube money Ocho Hey, Hey, Hey, let me go and get you a refrigerator or something. Microwave.


I get a, I get one of the more new stove. One of the more stove, one more push button stones, don't you? And why? I beat Champ. Why they get so don't you, why they get so upset to me about my dog. My dogs ain't bothering nobody. Shit. Yeah. And I'm, I'm out, I'm out of luck. Ocho till them YouTube check don't normally come till like the 15th, 16th.


So, Hey. But that was a good one there, boy. I needed that laugh. Boy. What you think Ocho the people are, are the people overreacting? Ocho I mean, nah. I mean listen man, you listen, everybody different. Everybody treats, treats their animals treats those that they love. Especially when it comes to dogs and man's best friend. Everybody treats 'em different. You know, some have 'em at the table, some have 'em, have 'em on walks, some have take 'em on a plane, you know? Yeah. One his dogs. You just happen to have yours always with you. Especially in an intimate moment like that in prayer before Thanksgiving. Nothing. There's nothing wrong with it. Everybody views it different, especially when it comes to dogs. So it's, so I'm just trying to, So let me get this straight. Y'all think I would spend the kind of money I spend to fly the dog private?


Think about that. Now think about it. Think about this, right? I spend money to fly the dog private on a private plane. Me the dog Jordan, and two pilots and a flight attendant, right? But, and I know y'all don't really understand, but just go look up the price of what it costs to fly private. And y'all think what? I think I thought I've made it abundantly clear how I feel about my, my animals. I thought I've made it ab abundantly clear. I don't look at them as dogs. I look at them as family. I treat them as such, right? The best care. I mean, there ain't nothing to me. I mean, when, when, when all of them, when talking man got sick, I spent probably 30,000 in two days.


And they just told me, said, well, Mr. Sharp, there ain't nothing we can do. Yeah. I said he's gonna be, he's gonna be paralyzed. He needs two for me. Ocho he was too big. Not small dog. You could have one of the little character, you know, carousels in his and hin legs in it. But he's 170 pounds. I mean, that's why I work. 'cause I, I, I love animals. I, I grew up on a farm and I've always said, man, if I got me some money, I really want, I want a ra. My favorite pair. I want a raccoon. Hey raccoon, I raccoon so bad. Hey, raccoon is cool as hell. I want a raccoon so bad. I want a min. I want a mini goat. A mini horse. I want a whole bunch of it.


I do man. I do. I I want, I want that so bad, Right? Bad. Oh, well I'm gonna get one too. I'm gonna get me a little mini. Can they, can we have Little mini horse, Mini horse and mini goats. Mini them. Little mini goat beef. Little Hey they cut. Take my goat. Take my goat horse. Like they did that little squirrel, man. I had a fool. Oh man, I, I felt bad for buddy man. Yeah. I felt bad for dude. I know that. I know. That had to hurt. Especially having, having a, having a squirrel domesticated like that. Yes. Understand.


You know what to do. Oh that had to hurt Anybody that's ever had A pet For any significant amount of time. Right. And they lose that pet is like losing a family member. Yeah. Anybody that's ne anybody that tells you otherwise has never had a pet. Pet. Exactly. Ain't no way. Ain't no way. You can have something in your life for a period of time. You grow attached. Because when you come home there is no excitement. Like when your animal sees you. Yeah. Nothing. That tail is wagging. He's spinning round. He or she is spinning Round and round. They're going crazy when you sitting there.


They're just like, I mean and Ty, all my dogs just like they keep bumping my arm like pet. But you see me right here. Dang. Yeah. Hey man, please. Oh yeah. I want a little mini cow too. Yeah, you see those little mini cows. So I get a mini cow, mini goat, mini horns. The mini cow Too lazy. I like the mini goats 'cause they bounce. They be bouncing on everything. They just be all over them. All over them. They do. They be all over the place. O Joe,


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


Game on. Because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before with ESPN plus. Unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76 ERs and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew stirring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney Plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com For details.


Congratulations to 3:00 AM Innovations on their first place. Win for innovation in community at this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business 3:00 AM used T-Mobile 5G to enable Florian the first AI enabled incident command platform for first responders. Florian's features include real-time tracking of personnel on A 3D map and voice activation. AI is used to filter out background noise until it hears a trigger word such as mayday, increasing situational awareness on the ground and improving onsite safety. This will shape rapid response moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates 3:00 AM for their unconventional thinking,


Paramount Plus is your home for the Ray for Champions league. The best club soccer tournament is underway with a brand new format and things are heating up. This year's Champion league is giving us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgivable moments from the world's most beautiful game match. Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes including Doman versus Barer and NTUs versus Man City on Wednesday, December 11th. Can't decide what match to watch. Paramount Plus also has you covered with the GSO Show, a whip around show with all goals from every match stream. Every match live on Paramount Plus the home of the UA for Chambers League. And you can try it free at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports.


This is John Miko from three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're in the garage, your favorite room in the house and you're tuning up your engine with parts you found on eBay. Every piece is just locking perfectly into place. You step back to admire your work, hands covered in grease. And because you're committed to driving that thing further than the odometer can even handle you start thinking to yourself, you know what? I could probably use some new brakes, some shocks and struts. This baby deserves a new air filter. So you head right back to eBay, you can find any part you need. It's unreal from wipers and headlights to cold air, intakes, exhaust systems, and even that turbo you've had on your mind. eBay is that stock garage of your dreams and you've got eBay guaranteed fit because eBay knows DIY. Fixes can be major and mods are also intense. So you need to know those parts are guaranteed to fit every time before you dive in wrench first. And in the off chance you order a part and it doesn't fit, send it back. Simple as that. You know what you love more than the car itself is driving it. You're serious when it comes to engine maintenance and locked in when you're headed into a build. And that's exactly why you start with eBay minor fix or complete overhaul. You want to get your ride back on the road and you've got eBay guaranteed fit. So eBay created my garage. Or all you had to do is add your ride's info to get exact parts that fit. When you see that green check, you're a click away from that part clicking perfectly into place. So now that you know all that, imagine standing at that open garage door looking at the car you love more than anything, knowing that anything is possible. Whether it's keeping it on the road forever or turning it into something that's never been on the road before. Because with eBay, your garage just got a whole lot bigger. Get all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love


Ocho. A man forges his wife's signature and divorced her without her, her knowing. Wait a minute, a man forged his wife's signature. Yeah, he wanted a divorce. He forged her s signature. Now they divorced. Now they now things must have been really bad on, 'cause if you look at it statistically, not very many times does the man leave the woman, especially in marriage. Well if the man is choosing to leave at this point where he has to forge a signature just to get up out of there, it must have been bad. Yeah, some I wish I had more context on why, but this, this is a great story. This is a great story. And the percentage of men that do do this is very small. Very, very small.


Look, dad Forge his signature. That's crazy. I guess he, like you said, he wanted it out Ocho. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. I mean, listen, I the to the why not ask for divorce. That's how bad it was. He had to forge it just to get up outta there. Yeah, but back ocho back to that story. But think about it, you talking about all this economy, when economy can't be this bad. If she making 43 million, well how bad is the economy? That's how you know. Oh, come on now. Okay. Let's just say for argument.


Okay Ocho, we're gonna take it down to 10%. She made 4.3 million. How bad is the economy? Because I guarantee you it ain't all single million that's sending her money. No, of course not. Of course not. And then, and when I think about it too, there are so many other, there's so many other women right. That do the exact same thing. And you mean to tell me they just happen to send you 43 million and ignored everybody else. Ocho Ocho. But think about it. You, we done been to the club. There's some women in that are just fine. But there's some women maybe not as fine, but they just have that look. They have that, say they have that sat shape and they get bread like that and some of the finer ones maybe for whatever reason.


Right. It just ain't clicking. Look, Ocho, there are a lot of, listen, there are a lot of fine women out there. Some know how to attract a man and the man will break bread with 'em. Some women just is fine. But they can't get nothing but pipe out of a man. Yeah. I, I don, I can't explain it. We call it fun buns. Some women understand the business and something looks will carry 'em everywhere they need to go. It only gets you so far. 'cause you gonna look up and you look good, but you get nothing in return.


Well I was with 'em for the right reasons. Okay. Okay Man, I'm, I mean this okay, Ocho Ah, that's a good topic though. I, Damn. I mean, 'cause think about Ocho, think about the man that's gotten divorced and they're multi-billionaire. Mm. And they gotta break bread. Yeah. They gotta give about 5 billion, 10 billion, 23, 20 billion. Listen, even with a prenup, they still gotta give something based on the amount of years you've been married. She would still walked away with something and it was hefty A lot of times. I mean, you've been married before this, this prenup thing came in. So you got married early on and you didn't have nothing.


Damn. You give off 40 billion, you really want out. Yeah. You give off a billion, 2 billion. Yeah. You, you, you really want out. I'm done. You, you. Yeah. You over this. Wait, the funny thing about it, you, you gotta understand when people are making that kind of money, if you have to give up 2 billion, you know you're gonna recoup that anyway over time. Based on what it is you do and how you bringing revenue and income, you, you gonna get that over time. You gonna get it back. You are not even tripping. Yeah. See OCHO that's, see that's what I look at Ocho that's why Hey man, you get, I'm gonna get it back. Right. I'm gonna get it back.


I am. Yeah. I don sweat early in my career. Ocho you know when you early in your career, you making money you like, and it, it's hard because I don't know how long this gonna last. Right. And the last thing I wanna feel is like somebody's trying to take advantage of me or I think they're trying to take advantage of me now. I'm a buck. Nah, hell nah. As you get older, you understand, you know what? You need me before I need you. Mm. Ooh that's tough. You use that line on Somebody. I absolutely have. Woo.


And guess what happened, Ocho, She came back by two, two years later. Did you give it to her? I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa. You remember me, right? I'm a no good. You know what? Yeah. Ain't nobody gonna want you. Mm. Wait, somebody told you That black, sorry, B mofo all that. Wait, They were talking to you like that? Yes. Oh no, but she, I'm trying to figure out how she still had access. Huh? I said, well, hold on. Wait a minute. You want something from this black? No good. Sorry. B-A-F-T-R-D. Yeah. O phone. SOB ain't no good for nothing. What you want? What can you possibly want for him?


Right. Did you give it to him? No. Okay. I'm just making sure. I'm glad you didn't fold. I'm glad you ain't fold. You real one boy, I salute you. No, I thought about it though because she, she came out was vulnerable. O was vulnerable. She had a sun dress on. You know what I'm saying? Dress on. She all up, up ojo. Hey Ocho, she walked in. I let her in the house and you know when you I let her in, I walked behind her. Let her in the house behind. Yeah. I let her in the house ojo. I was walking behind her. And you think she got the sundress on and so that Yeah.


Hey, that ain't nothing but the devil. Hey daddy. Devil was him and the devil know I was weak. I was weak too. I was weak. Okay. Okay. Ugh. I'm like, oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. I said, well, you know, obviously you, I I I'm still the sorry black mo. Right, Right, right, right, Right. Blah blah. I mean, what would you possibly want? I like, okay, well what you, what you trying to do to get it? I just said he was swapping no swindle. She needs something. I need something. Okay. We both doing something but one another whole choke. Right. Right. I'm saying I like, you know, I get, you know, I try to push my look.


Well I don't need access. Right, right. You know, this can't be no one time thing. Oh, okay. You trying to change, we trying to Code change rules. Yeah. You know I'm gonna need, you know, I'll be able to call no matter what. Right. You know, I got, oh, I got a man. Oh. Why don't you ask him? Why you here let, let's call him, let's call him in to tell him that you over here asking me for money. Hold, hold, Hold. Time out, time out, time out. Time out. She came over there to ask you for something and she got a man at home. Oh bitch. Oh. And she got, she got to go. She gotta come on now. Don't do that. See, Oh Joe. See now, see now, now I'm thinking, oh, he think he got something.


Hmm. Oh, he said you got something I should just on GP to let him know and call him up. Yeah. I got her here. She here, she in my bed. I could, I should have did that but I, I ain't nasty. Like Right. You could have been messy. You could have been. I ain't nasty no more like that. You know what I'm saying? No, I used to be nasty. Like I ain't no boat. Right. I got you. Yeah. I could have been nasty. I could have been nasty. Real nasty. But I didn't, I said nah, it's all good. Hey, you said what? You said I understand you in the heat of the moment you say things, but that's how you really felt at the time. That's how you really feel about me. Right, right. We cool. I kept it moving. Hey, you are a real one boy. However, you know what? Matter of fact, chat, chat let's w in the chat on, in that situation, please can we get some ws in the chat?


That's a good one because 90, 99% of the population will have folded based on the visuals that you just Oh yeah. Get when you walked in, when that thing was like this. Yeah. Oh, Joe, Most, most men we fuck we, we folk. I ain't foing because, you know, not that, don't ask me for nothing. I ain't, I ain't got it. But nah, I, I woo. I was like, That's, that's, that's truth. What, you Know, that was I I I, whew. That's good work. That's good work. That's a good story too. I like that. Don't caulk don't, don't catch you no more. Now OI got a little, little more disposable income. I might be weak. And that flesh man o that flesh will get your ocho. Man, you know I'm playing. Yeah.


Hey, it will Every time. Every time. Listen, but, But you can't talk reckless to me. You can't talk. Had she said, you know, hey, she just go a certain way. She move on. Cool. Okay. Come back then, then it, it would've been different. It would've been different. Yes. Yes. Right. You can't call it all these names. Yeah. But, but you was right. And and most of the time they will have to circle back and need you again depending on always. And that's why the ones that's cool with me always will be cool with me. They could come within reason. Yeah. Within reason. Now nobody's come forward. I did change my number OCHO so they probably can't come forward anymore because I changed my number after 30 years.


Right. So, and you know, I was like okay, I can't get everybody still everybody can't have access to me like the ones could, but there, there are some that they know how to get in touch with me and I would help 'em. Yeah. Yeah. Fair fact. Yeah. The about one that's in Tampa. Yeah. That, that got caught up. The dude that we at the hotel, the dude bust out the car. Right. She got a li she got, she got a lifetime membership. Well you're a real one boy. She got a lifetime membership. Yes sir. Now she the only one that got Lifetime, but she got it Like a, like LA Fitness, huh?


Yeah, lifetime. Okay. Even the kid's mom, the kid's mom with the reason, if they need something they know. But she's the only one that I don't have a kid with that have, that have lifetime access Membership. Yeah. I like that. Instagram and TikTok star, Sophie Ray Reveal. She made 43 million this year from OnlyFans. That's more than Saquon. Travis, Kelsey, Derek Henry, and Garrett Wilson all earned combined. She even showed proof on November 28th, 2023 no to, to, no. And she grossed $43,477,695 and 1 cent.


And did y'all want to get mad at me when I wanted, I won't pull the baby arm out. Hey, I got Oh, you be, you be leaving them numbers. I don't, I Don't, can I just say listen, I know we, we, I know women have an advantage when it, when it come to using, you know, their body, their assets. Yeah. But for, do you know how much 43 million is? I do know how much 43 is. Think think about that. Think about that for a minute. Like even, even How much did she actually make? 'cause only fans take like 50%. Don't they? I don't know how much.


I don't. Oh, so She, she grows that. So only fa So, but they take, they take like 50, 60%. I think so. I ain't that man. I ain't, I ain't, I ain't I 43. That's a lot of money. Now look, I I've, I've seen a few that did 3 5400 of a month. Four oh 1000. Yeah. Now that's realistic. 40, 43 million in a year. Huh? They take 20%. So 20% of that is 8.6. Little about 8.7 million. So she still grows 34 and a half. I Don't think you, I don't think you understand how much money that is, huh?


Yo. Yeah, I be, but oh, Joe with dude, dudes freaky. Yeah. They, you Be freaky. Ain't no they wanna see, they wanna see you be having sex with other people. They would. I'm like, oh, whoa. I don't think she do. I don't know. She do all that. I don't know what Hey, for 43 For 43 million. She doing something more than showing a cat. Yeah. I mean, I, I don't know, but honestly I just, I know what it look like being around the game, being around people with that kind of money. I ain't buying it. And that's no disrespect. I know look like, oh, I know. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I ain't, I ain't buying it.


I ain't buying it now. You know, you probably have made some good money on there, but like that. Come on now. Stop playing. Yeah. 43 million man. Whew. Well if she made 35, she made 17 because other Sam getting 17, getting half of that. Let me get that. But still 17. If she had said 17 me, boy, that's a lot of money. Ocho. I don't believe that. That's about me. Ocho that's, that's about 1.6 a month. Like come on now. Come on now. Now it's okay to say you making good money, but exaggerating the numbers like that is is that's, that's egregious.


Hey bro, I, and look, I, I ain't going look Like I said, and I'm only, I'm only saying that from someone that hadn't generated money like that before and is still generating now. Maybe not to that extent, but it's still coming in. The Steve 43 men in a year. That's a lot of money on. That's a lot of man that is Stop playing man. I don't care if you had to Golden. She got a boyfriend. Huh? She got a boyfriend? Nah, come on man. She too young for you now. How old is she? I don't know. 43 million Ocho.


Well she ain't 18. She gotta be at least 21 to get on there. Right. You can't get no sight on that thing unless you're 21. Can you? Oh nah. She too young. How old you? How Old she 20? Oh hell no. Yeah. Nah. 20. Hell no. A hundred million I think about it. Nah, hell no. 20 man. Her parents probably was disappointed till she played up their mortgage and bought it, bought everybody brand new cars or something. Oh man. That was funny.


You a hundred million. You thinking, Jesus, you sure to me, leave me alone as,


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cashback, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


Game on. Because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESP n plus together like never before with ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and Knicks, followed by the Mavs and temper wolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76 ERs and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face-to-face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the Blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney Plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com For details.


Congratulations to 3:00 AM Innovations on their first place. Win for innovation in community at this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business 3:00 AM used T-Mobile 5G to enable Florian the first AI enabled incident command platform for first responders. Florian's features include real-time tracking of personnel on A 3D map and voice activation. AI is used to filter out background noise until it hears a trigger word such as mayday, increasing situational awareness on the ground and improving onsite safety. This will shape rapid response moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates 3:00 AM for their unconventional thinking,


Paramount Plus is your home for Thera for Champions league. The best club soccer tournament is underway with a brand new format and things are heating up. This year's Champion League is giving us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgivable moments from the world's most beautiful game match. Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes, including Doman versus Barker and NTUs versus Man City on Wednesday, December 11th. Can't decide what match to watch. Paramount Plus also has you covered with the Guzo Show a whip around show with all goals from every match stream. Every match live on Paramount Plus the home of the UA for Champions League. And you can try it free at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports.


This is John Miko from three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're in the garage, your favorite room in the house, and you're tuning up your engine with parts you found on eBay. Every piece is just locking perfectly into place. You step back to admire your work, hands covered in grease. And because you're committed to driving that thing further than the odometer can even handle you start thinking to yourself, you know what? I could probably use some new brakes, some shocks and struts. This baby deserves a new air filter. So you head right back to eBay, you can find any part you need. It's unreal from wipers and headlights to cold air, intakes, exhaust systems, and even that turbo you've had on your mind. eBay is that stock garage of your dreams and you've got eBay guaranteed fit because eBay knows DIY. Fixes can be major and mods are also intense. So you need to know those parts are guaranteed to fit every time before you dive in wrench first. And in the off chance you order a part and it doesn't fit, send it back. Simple as that. You know what you love more than the car itself is driving it. You're serious when it comes to engine maintenance and locked in when you're headed into a build. And that's exactly why you start with eBay minor fix or complete overhaul. You want to get your ride back on the road and you've got eBay guaranteed fit. So eBay created my garage where all you had to do is add your ride's info to get exact parts that fit. When you see that green check, you're a click away from that part clicking perfectly into place. So now that you know all that, imagine standing at that open garage door looking at the car you love. More than anything, knowing that anything is possible, whether it's keeping it on the road forever or turning it into something that's never been on the road before. Because with eBay, your garage just got a whole lot bigger. Get all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time eBay things people love.


Wallet Hub released the le released the latest, Most Sinful Cities in America. Okay? Oh man. How y'all do this to me? OCHO number one, Las Vegas number two. Well, obviously, Well Las Vegas is Sin City, so you should already know that. What, what going Vegas, Houston, Texas. Look at Houston. Vegas. Houston number two. Los Angeles. Okay, Number three, Atlanta. Well, Atlanta's a jungle boy. That's black Hollywood. Atlanta's a jungle. You got Philly, Denver, Colorado. Where all these, all these places that I live.


Mm. Well You got want Ocho and they wanna know why I am how I am. Right? Right. I like you say I am. Whatever you say I am. If I wasn't, why would I say I am They tied to me. Phoenix, Arizona, Miami, Florida. Yep. Miami Ocho. That's your home. Oh, but I don't, I don't go outside. So you ain't got nothing to worry about Dallas, Texas in St. Louis, Missouri. I don't know what kick it off in St. Louis. True. The Louis doing. No, ain't no a the first of all, the Ark ain tower. Ain't nobody kissing under the ark. Don't know the end.


Y'all thinking Chad, what y'all think about that man? I I I like the list, but I wouldn't have Vegas as number one. I would have Houston as number one. You just said Vegas is known as Sin City. Yeah. They, I Could talk about be been known as Sin City. Listen, It's different though. Vegas has been since city for years. Years. But Houston and Atlanta is a different world. Huh? Now we done been to Houston. Now I don't go to Houston often. I done been there maybe, maybe four times in my life. I've been, I've been to Atlanta maybe five. I don't freak with those places often. 'cause I understand that's the devil's playground. And one thing about the devil, as much as I love God, it ain't, it don't take much to backslide when you're in the wrong situation.


Okay? I know my limits. I understand my limits. So I keep myself outta areas where I can get myself in trouble. Yes. That's Ocho why you Hold on, hold on. I stay inside. Plug it up as like Clint Eastwood said. Every man gotta know his limitations. Everybody got advice. Mine is the opposite of nice. Can you see me? Yeah. I can't see. It's called site. I can't see you though.


Hold on my computer. Hold on. Oh, there you go. You know I don I I can see you now. Yeah. I saw you all along And when I, when I plugged it up, it went to to the loading screen. Yeah. On this. This is a good topic right here. Boy. You know the city. Them cities ain't nothing to play with, man. You know, you know when you get older, as you get older, you know, you understand your limits. You understand what you can and what you can't do and you don't put yourself in certain situations that, that, that can hurt you. You know? Yeah. You have to make a decision. Now I've been working on my discipline. I've been working on my discipline real well. Now I'm not saying I'm the best I walk with Christ, but I know if I walk through the mud, I might come out dirty.


So I do my best to stay out the mud. You hear me? Yeah. You know, I know it might be raining. I know it might be raining. So I don't, I don't take my umbrella. I just stay inside the house 'cause I don't wanna get wet. Yeah. You with me? I'm with you. Are You picking up what I'm putting down? Yes, I Do. Okay. Come on now. Yeah. I mean, hey, Hey, listen, I'm not, I'm not best what Wrong with Right? I, listen, I'm not, I'm not the best in the world. I'm not perfect. I know it's 10 commandments, ain't it's 10 commandments. I might not got all 10. Right. But eight of them, our eight of them, they gonna be, they gonna be beautiful. It all what those other two are.


Hey, listen, Hey, I had, hey, I had to preach, I had to preach the one over here. You know, who's, who's on the, and and, and now, you know, I come on now. I'm, I'm human. I'm human. One of, one of the greater things that that, that you will always love about me is the good will always outweigh the bad. Yeah. So before you make any rational decisions like you made before, you know, I want you to always remember that the good always outweighs the bad and nothing is better than the trying man. Well, you know, I tell what we do. Me and you gonna move to Houston. I'm gonna keep an eye on you. You keep an eye on me. Nah, Nah, Nah.


Hey, that's a no go for me. I was talking to my daughter today. I, I was like, I'm like, babe, what you think about moot? She's like, daddy, Uhuh, I don't want no, fuck that. And You know that. Listen, you know what I do like about Houston though. I'm not gonna sit here and lie to you. I like the move. I like the idea. I like the thought. I'm thinking about how much house you get in Houston. You get a bang for your buck. Oh, oh, oh. You, oh, you talking about the structure? I thought you talking about another type of brick house. Oh God. Bad. I misunderstood you. I, my bad. Don't choke you talking about a physical because you talking about a, a, a a building a structure.


Okay. Yeah. I'm okay. Okay. Yeah. I just misunderstood. Come on there. We to say, okay, now I see what you put down. Okay. Because for a second I'm like, okay, let me rewind, rewind. I'm gonna pause here for a second. Yeah. Rewind this and now I'm gonna hit play. Now I get what you're saying. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I don't want no part of that. I don't want no part of that. You right. Don't your Yeah man. Sometimes you just have to leave well enough alone. Yeah. You got To sometimes, sometimes you just have to mi admire things from a distance. Right. Yeah. I like that. And I see cars like, man, that's a really nice car. I just admired from a distance. I'm like, my man, this you like, yeah, you like it. I say I love it some things.


That's it. Hey, you just from a distance, like damn. Yeah, but hey Houston And Houston. Atlanta. Listen, Houston in Atlanta is like going by the car lot, right? Yeah. Going by the car lot. You can see it and you know it look lice and you can enjoy it using your visuals and your peripheral vision. Yep. I don't need to go in there and test drive. Now the younger me, the younger me, I'm gonna pull over and I'm gonna go and I'm gonna talk to I'm, I'm gonna talk to the owner. Yeah. Hang. Oh Joe. Hey, what type of financing can I get? Because I got good credit. Is it zero down, zero down and zero interest?


I don me. Hey, hey, Hey man. Damn. Every time we Mitchell Houston to act like, yeah, yeah. No, no, no, no. Absolutely not. Jordan. Like, I ain't moved, I done moved enough. Jordan say I done Jordan say I moved three times and it's out a year. Joy said I ain't boo no bull. We don't know if this is true, but this is what's reported. A woman left with a $20,000 hospital bill after her husband refused to acknowledge her on his insurance after she refused to name the son. Junior.


Wait, hold on, hold on, hold on. Bring that to me one more time. I guess she was supposed to name the son Junior. He was expecting her to name the son Junior, but because she didn't, he removed her from his insurance and so now she have a $20,000 insurance bill. I don't even blame him. What you mean you don't blame? I don't even blame him. Now you having my first son, you heard you having my child, you having my boy and my lineage, my family lineage on my first child. He's not a junior. Like what are you doing? You Ain't got no Chad Jr. Oh, Chad Jr. Arizona State, remember?


Oh, okay. Yeah, senior. Yeah. Come on now. Oh yeah. You know, and just come on that, that, that just, that that, that goes without saying. Matter of fact, the wife of the Mrs in this case, in this scenario, she should want that for her son. But no, what she wants to do it her way and what she envisions. That's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's what's right. That's about doing what's right. My daddy want The man, the man you're having a child from allowing him to have his junior. That ain't asking much. Do I look like a junior? You Yeah. My daddy want daddy be junior so bad.


My momma say not, not this one. No. Hell no. Mama play that. My mama man, look at her man. My mom, she got too much of my granddaddy to her. My mom ran it. My mom did what? She named all of us all, he have no say not one name he picked out. Right. So, so here it is. Right. Sherra, Sterling and Shannon. That is it. There it is. That's it. That's it. And I look, I look exactly like my dad. I'm talking about the only difference is my dad had an, had an afro, had a, had a pro.


Yay. Hey, you, you should go to your pro house, Man. You crazy man. My grandfather rolled over in the grave. Absolutely die. Absolutely die. I mean, this is, I mean, people wouldn't write that like, huh? I wouldn't even know how to, I wouldn't even know how my look if my hair growth. Yeah. Hey, ain't F Now somebody make a do a AI for the fro man. I mean, I bought on the longest I ever went without a haircut. I went October, let's see, October, November, December, February. I Went like four months without getting a haircut. Why? Because y'all was losing. We were losing.


I knew it. I knew it. I knew he was gonna say That. We started losing. And then the barber came, I brought my barber up from Atlanta. So he started cutting my hair, but, and we lost. And I was like, nah, you can't come back. He, I said, you come back. I mean, I let him come back. 'cause he was from Harrisburg, right. Which is Richard like 40 miles from, from Baltimore. And so I would let him come up, you know, he, I'd get him a rental, a car. He would, Hey, you need you? Hey, no, I don't want no cut. He'd bring his clippers just in case. Right? He drive, he'd drive to Harrisburg, he'd come back for the game, drive to the airport. That was it. So I went from like middle of October all the way to the end of January before I got a haircut.


Nah, I'm very, I'm very superstitious. I like that. No, nah, nah. My grandfather, no, my grandfather ain't play that. He the long hair. My grandfather had a part, me and my brother had parks. No. The Volume.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Our issued by JP Morgan Face Bank, a member FDIC.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear buds To have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out Bose dot com.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champion League. The Best Club soccer tournament is underway with the brand new format and things are heating up Match Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes, including Doman versus Barker and NTUs versus Man City on Wednesday, December 11th, and decide which match to watch. Paramount Plus also has you covered with the Zo. With show a whip around show with all goals from every match. Try it free today at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports.


This message is sponsored by Greenlight. We all know that old saying about teaching Amanda Fish. And as parents, we want our kids to learn the things that will set them up for success. So this holiday season give kids money skills that will last well beyond 2024 with Greenlight. Greenlight is a debit card and money app made for families where kids learn how to save, invest, and spend wisely with parental controls built in. Sign up today@greenlight.com slash Iheart greenlight.com/ Iheart.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.