
Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed Fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage self prohibited website, restricted to age 21. Plus tobacco consumers


as a renter, do you ever feel like you're just throwing money away? Think you'll never be able to save enough to buy your own home? Then check out Rent Rewards from Rocket Mortgage. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership. Now for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 800 for Rocket. Or visit rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LLC Equal housing lender, licensed in all 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org. Number 30 30


Yo, what's good? It is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland versus Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16, I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas verse Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense, they both gritty teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's. Right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns and combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


When it comes to college basketball in March. Mania one thing is for sure. Nothing's for sure. Upsets buzzer beaters. Cinderellas advances top seeds. Going home early is all going to happen. Bet the unexpected. Every upset every day with Draftking Sports book. With live betting, exclusive content, promos and parlays. Drafting is the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple first time. Here's something special just for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Bet the unexpected with Draft King Sports book. Download Draftking Sports book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet when you bet. Just five bucks only at DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms in sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Currently, colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the US and it's on the rise in people under the age of 50. But when caught at early stages, colon cancer is survivable in 90% of the people. So screening and early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. And a great one of a kind way to feel more in control of your colon cancer screening is through the Cologuard test. A prescription based test with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. The Cologuard test is the only FDA approved, non-invasive option that looks for both altered DNA and blood in your stool, which can indicate the presence of abnormal cells. This test offers convenience and ease of use and the kit is delivered right to your door. Once you complete the kit, it is returned to the lab and results are available within two weeks. Plus it's affordable. Most insured patients pay $0. And if you do need a colonoscopy at the follow up, most insurance plans cover that as well. So if you're 45 or older and at average risk, ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with the Cologuard test. You can request a Cologuard prescription today at cologuard.com/podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use the Cologuard test. If you've had adenomas have inflammatory bowel disease or certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopy in high risk patients. Cologuard test performs an adult age. 45 to 49 is estimated and based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positives and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Okay, joining us, we'll get back to this episode show. Joining us right now is one of the funny men got his start on social media and Harry is blown up. Tony Baker, great comedian, voiceover. What's going on bro? What's up y'all? Can y'all hear me and see me? Yeah, I I can see you. Oh, I can see you be there. Thanks for having me y'all. Hey boy, You, you got the light Up Now. You look like you got a on, but it's okay. The light, the light too bright. I got, I got the space shovel you, I got to beam me up the hel joints, You know what I'm saying? Yeah, man, I damn it. If you need me. Nah, you good? You good? You good, bro.


How's everything? Everything good though, Man. I ain't got no complaints man. I'm golden. I'm back on tour, so, You know. Yeah. Getting, getting, getting my pockets replenished. Just bought a house. There you go. There you go. Hey, listen, hey, every, every morning ask, ask the man upstairs man to make sure that cup continue to run it over. You gonna be all right? Come on man. I bought my first house though. I need every dollar. Oh, did you? I like, yeah, man, just bought my first house, Southern California. So You know, they gonna charge you $8 million for one and a half bedroom, zero bath. Congratulations. Congratulations. Thanks Joe. Tony, did you all, did you, Tony, did you always wanna be a comedian?


Did you, were you a class clown? Were you funny always. When did you decide to say, You know what, I'm gonna be a standup. You know what, man? I was always funny and didn't realize it because I'm the youngest of three boys. So I'm trying to, I'm trying to crack jokes at the house, but my brothers would never laugh. They gave me nothing, man. So I was gonna school, I would go to school thinking I wasn't funny. So I'm making the the, the kids laugh, but it didn't even register 'cause I was like, man, I ain't funny at home though. And then, You know, when we young And we teens And we in the girls, you don't wanna be funny. You trying to be all smooth and smack Cool. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? You got your yosty boots on, you just like, yeah girl.


They be like, you funny. I'll be like, nah, nah, I ain't trying to be funny. You know what I'm saying? And so I I never really paid attention to my funny until I got to college and then that's when it clicked. Right. But, You know, women, like guys that are, but Tony, You know, women like guys that are funny. One of the, one of the things that they say, A sense of humor. Yeah. I found, found that out later. Buddy draws I found it out later. But lemme ask you this. When did, when did you get into the voiceover? Because that's kind of how I stumbled upon you. You were doing voiceover Cash Dog, I forget. I what's the Scotty?


Scotty and, and Curtis and Scotty man. Yeah, Curtis and Scotty. How, how did you get into the voiceovers? You know what it was, we always had pet growing up. So, You know, I never lived without a, a, a animal in the house somewhere until I went to college. Right. And so I was always wondering what they was thinking about just looking at cats and dogs and like, what y'all thinking about. And so I did this, I did two videos. There was one of this goat in Brazil just to harass them. The hell outta everybody, man. Just, just cramming people on a motorcycle. Oh, cra Oh, Cramton. Cramton, man. He just, he knocked this lady over. He had grocery bags and this dude tried to save him. So that was the very first one I did.


And then I did the second one. This raccoon was eating out of a cash food dish. And the cats was the round of him looking at him like, he crazy. Like, yo man who, who's the man right here? And he looking at them and then he dip off and they come back for one last scoop and then he run off. That's the one that went viral and stuff. I was like, let me, let me just do these for real. And I just kept doing 'em ever since. Right. That's like, Hey you, you had a comedy special Scaredy catt. Yeah. Can you walk us through the creative process and the prep you had behind the special and how everything came about? Okay. So I started doing standup in 2008. So really my voice though was just a vehicle to get you to come see me live.


So I've been doing standup since then. So, You know, I'm, I'm just doing, when I started doing standup, I'm doing everything I can get my hands on, man. Every, every show, every right competition, every bringer show. I'm just doing whatever. And so I'm just accumulating all this material. I'm getting up every night, dog. I'm like doing multiple stages a night. And so by the time I started Scared the Cat And I met these cats And I still work with B Brendan and Tony at a transit pictures. And they was like, yo, let us shoot you a special. And I was like, all right. You know? And so they put it together 'cause they do dynamite work. And so we went to New Mexico State.


That's where, that's where I went to college. Right. And we shot the special there, You know, low budget, gorilla style, independent, just shot that mug. And then that's live. So that's like years worth of material that we just culminated right there. Started. Who are your, who is your inspiration when you grow up? When you like, you're like, okay, take a little bit of this, take a little bit of that. Who are your inspir, who are some of your inspirations in the comedic space? Well, when I was growing up, I'm 47. So, You know, delirious was the first comedy special that just blew my hair. Hey, hey, You know what You know about what You know about that man, Come on man.


Oh, delirious man. Any anybody that knows that was around at that time that that special just blew everybody's head off. And so that's when I first took in a comedy special for real. And then as time went on, You know, I saw Raw, but then I started watching like comedy And I was like, Damon Williams Slim Band and Jerry Seinfeld and my three influencers with a Sprinkler, Bernie Mack. So those, those are like, those are my influences right there. And so I feel like I'm a combination of those three that I mentioned. And 'cause I feel my mom know like a lot of ing so we could watch them back together, You know? Right. And then that's what I was about to ask you.


'cause I don't hear a lot of, I don't hear a lot of cursing in your comedy. Yeah. I try to keep it PG 13 for the most part. Like, I don't want to, I don't want to get too clean 'cause I don't wanna get stuck in that box, but Right. You know, so I try to keep it PG 13 so my mom won't cringe up. So, but yeah, Sinbad Damon WANs, the way he would just like story tell and do the character act outs and Yes. And then the way time failed, just, just details every like little basic human experience that we have talking about socks for like 15 minutes. Talking about toothpaste, talking about serial. I could do that type of stuff too. So those are my three influences right there.


That's dope. I don't think people understand how difficult, how difficult stand the comedy is. No, I think they think people are funny. You just stand on stage in front of a crowd and it just works. Now understanding that the material has to hit, you have to engage with the crowd, you have to have stage presence. There's so many factors and variables that go in for a comedian to be able to stand up in front of people. Yeah. Have said material, remember said material and the delivery to be on point. Yes. So my, my question is, how different is your approach when it comes to doing standup versus the content you put on social media? Or do you just approach both the same way? Well, the way I write is, like, I, I think of a premise.


Like I'll be like, I'll be at the grocery store tonight, right. I'll be like, man, look at this lady right here. And then next time I get on stage I'll be like, man, I was in Whole Foods. I seeing this lady right here. And so I, I write it in real time like that. I keep the premise in mind. Alright, I'm gonna say this. And then, then I start, I keep doing it the more I go up and then I edit, add in stuff and Okay, Okay. Okay. Do it like that. And so, 'cause like the way my mind works, I'll forget it if I don't, if I don't like write it down or do it right around. Right. You know, and so that's my approach to like standup, my voiceovers and like the content. It'd in the moment, man. Like when people, people used to send me before I kinda stopped doing voiceovers.


'cause Instagram keep pulling them off my page And I wanna get my page deleted. But people would send me videos all day long, they still do. And so they'd be like, Hey man, hey, oh man, this. And so I'll look at the video maybe once, twice, and then I, I'll just think of the whole scenario. Like, like the, I I got a voiceover where it's these two cats. There's one outside the window and one inside. Yeah. Yeah. Hey Curtis. Yeah. Yeah. Holler at you right quick. Yeah. Because the one outside look like he been about that life. He in the streets. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. He, he want, he want Curtis to come outside so he can give him the stupidity path for real.


Yeah. And so when I'm looking at that, I'm like, oh dude, I got the conversation right here. He like, Hey Curtis, man, why don't you step outside? Let me holler at you real quick. And then, and then he disappeared for a little bit. He like, oh, he failed. Remember? He failed. Oh, I'm hurt, man. I'm failing. Then you come back. Why? Why you ain't hear me, Curtis? So it just told me that, Scott, you freaking me out. You freaking me out, Scott. And you freaking me out. Yeah, man. And so, And I like production value too. So like if I do a voiceover of a giraffe running from a lion, I'll be outside running when I record it that way. So you get the effect.


Like, it's like, it's really like that's what's really happening. Yep. Like you can hear me running outside and be like, oh man, it's sound like he really running. So some people appreciate those little nuances. Right? Yeah. That's dope. That's dope. Tony, gimme a, my Rushmore comedian. Okay. I'm gonna give you Okay time. I'm gonna give you two of the ones I just named. I'm gonna give you Themba. Okay. And this is my, this is my personal. I can give you a comedy Mount Rushmore. I can give you my personal, you. Hey, I want yours. Who are your My Rushmore comedian. Okay. So Tony Baker's my Rushmore. Got you. Damon Wynn. I feel like, I feel like his HBO specials are underrated.


We know, we know Damon is the legend, but I feel like Yeah, his comedy specials don't get talked about enough. Man. It it, it's crazy. So I'm gonna give you Damon Williams, I'm gonna give you Sinbad as well. I feel like Sinbad don't get talked about enough to be that funny and that clean and that consistent is crazy. And his crowd work is bananas. So Yep. Got them two on there. I'm gonna give you dang man, because I want to, I want to throw Eddie on there, but he only got two specials. But they was monumental though.


Eddie, Eddie Griffin. Eddie Murphy. Eddie Murphy. Oh, Murphy. Okay. Okay, Okay. He only got two of those. So I'm gonna be like, ah, I'm, I'm gonna slide him off. Okay. So put, I'm gonna put him on the legendary Mount Rushmore, but since he only got two, I'm gonna slide him off and then I want to put George Carlin on there because Yeah. I love car. That's a good one. George Carlin, that's my boy. George Carlin, man, just, I can listen to him all day and the way he breaks stuff down is just, I got, Hey, I got, I have all his specials. Oh man. All of Them. That dude's crazy, man. Listen, You got, you, got you. He, they're, they're very few comedians that you go and see where you have to think. Yeah.


He makes you think, he forced you to think. Yep. And then not only that, not only thinking you gonna walk away having learned some stuff, it's just like some Yes. Oh, he's very socially conscious. Yes. Merrier. And the way he, he, he's very socially conscious. He's gonna talk about things in real, in real life that you're thinking, real time dealing with And you thinking like, damn, he put that in perspective. You know, who the great, the, I think one of the, the greatest storytellers especially of this generation through that Chappelle Oh yeah. Chappelle for for sure. Oh yeah. And that joker and he, he can take the way he can diffuse our audience Yeah. And talk about things that you shouldn't be talking about.


Yeah. And, and before You know it, his SNL when he did SNLA couple years ago Bank Yeah. It might've been the greatest monologue Oh yeah. In Saturday Light live history. Yeah. Ocho if you ever seen it go back to look at his monologue. Yeah, yeah. You know, what's Dobo bass rappel the way, the way his comedy transformed, if you go back and look the killing them softly or as the early specials, there was more rapid fires, more jokes. But then he developed into like this monumental storyteller where you just like listening, he just like, man, this dude, yes. Bringing it all the way down to where the jokes sneak up on you now. It's like, yes. It's like, I don't, I don't know, I don't know if success made it more comfortable and, and his approach to where it could just be like, y'all gonna rock with me anyways, so let me just sit down, smoke this cigarette Right.


And take and take my time. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But his transition is just crazy. Patrice O'Neal is another dude that I feel like Yeah, yeah, yeah. Classic. If if he passed away. Oh man. No, no telling. No telling where he would've went. But what about Pryor? What do you think about Pryor? You know what I, I feel about Pryor, I would put him on the Mount Rushmore of the best comedians that ever exists because when you look at Def Comedy Jam, yeah. It was 27 35 Richard Pryor on that thing. Like Heber so many comedians that if you were young and didn't catch Richard Pryor and his prime, you would go back and look at the Richard Pry especially be like, yo, this reminds me of like Def Jam.


That's because they were born from him. Yeah. So it's Like, You know, his style of comedy is just essential to the whole game. 'cause it changed everything. Right. So I would put him right on the Mount Rushmore of, You know, the best comedians to ever do it. I think, I think he's the most important comedian to ever exists exist. But, but you see these, a lot of these standup and he was probably one of the first that did standup and transition to movies. Yeah. And then you got, You know, a Gene Wilder And you got Murphy And you got, you got Kevin Hart. Yeah. You got a lot of these guys Rock, Chris Rock.


You get a lot of these guys that started off as standup and it seemed like the na is that a natural transition to go from standup to going to the big screen? I feel like a lot of times because, because what happened was with, with Richard and Eddie, you had that blueprint. I'm like, all right, I'm gonna do standup and then I'm gonna do movies like, like Richard Pride, right. Robin Williams, Andy Murphy. 'cause that's, that's what happened to me. Like I always wanted to act. And so it was like, yo, let me try standup as a way to get exposure. But then what happened to me was I fell in love with standup as soon as I did it. So now when I get an acting role, I'd be like, cool, cool. But I don't be like excited like developing like a dope set because You know, when you act so much other stuff is outta your control.


But with standup, I control everything. You know what I'm saying? Like, You know, if I'm in the movie, I, I'm at the mercy of the casting director. Then once I get past that, You know, I gotta work with the director, the writers, the producers. They might edit my theme out. So you never know. And then before standup is, I'm, I'm in more control of everything. Like it's me. Right. So, but as far as the transitions go, that was the move. It was like, it turned into the move where it was just like, all right man, this standup comedian is so popular and so large. Let's throw him in a movie or two man, because he funny and he might stand out and then the next thing You know, he just got this wave of cats that like started on stage and then we gonna get him in movies and stuff like that.


Now mind you, everything ain't gonna click. Like when they do get movies, they be tanking And you only get a few tanks Right. Before they be all, all right man, look out. But if you look at Bernie Mac, Bernie Mac is the only guy that you watch his mannerisms in the movie. Yeah. That's just his mannerisms on stage. Yeah. Yeah. The way, the way he, the way he did Blue Blue or make me raise up, it gonna be trouble. Trouble, You know what I'm saying? And you watch him at House Party, you watch him in Friday, his mannerisms on the screen is his mannerisms on stage. Yeah. He was one of, he one of the few guys that when you watch him, you like he doing standup and he acted. Yes. Yeah. Yep. He, he was able, he was able to do that transition on, on his turns.


Like, You know, we had already seen him if you was in the know, you already seen him and like House Party and like these movies before did the Real Comedians. Right? Yeah. Then by the time Real Comedians came out and a lot of people saw him doing standup for the first time, they just like, oh my God. That's when he got his TV show and like got like high profile gigs like Oceans 11 and stuff like that. And so Yeah. Yeah. It was like, 'cause every time he was there something before he was stealing things all the time. Everything he was doing. Yeah. He was stealing the show every time. Right. Oh, I know, I knew you. I know I knew you then you used to call you Joe. I used to call you, You know what I'm talking about.


Hedo Ray House Party three, man, I'm telling you. Every time he showed up for him to be able to stand out in life, that movie had a dope ensemble. Oh, oh, oh yeah. Oh, Ja Lake, Ja Lake, Ja Lake Jalan, Jalan, You know, saying Jalan. But if you, And you go back and look at Harlem Nights when they had the smorgasbord. Yeah. You had the O you had the OGs, you had Red Fox, you had Richard, you had Eddie, Richard Pryor Eddie, you had Ronaldo Ray, I mean you had all of it. Right? Everybody. And the same thing as life. I don't know if we'll ever see another cast like what we had in life. Oh, Not like that. It was great. Hey, You know what? And we, when we, when you talk about cast right and movies that are classics based on the people that were casted, life Could, life of Harlem Night could be on It don't matter where you watch it or where you catch it on tv, you Stop And you stop.


Stop watching it. And it's one movie. You stop it. Watch it. Absolutely. There's one more movie where it was casted perfectly and they would, they would never be able to replicate it. They tried but there was nothing close to it. And that was coming to America. Come to Me. I knew you was gonna stay there, man. Yeah. Coming to America, man, coming to America is like one of the best comedies ever made. Top, bottom, Classic, Top to bottom. You can't, you can't replicate it. They tried. I'm not saying they failed. They failed, but it Wasn't close. They


failed. Have you guys seen the cost of funds lately? Back in my day, they cost 25 cents. Now they cost $3. Everything has gotten so expensive. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt. There's a better way you can build credit with money you set aside and avoid interest or expensive debt. With Chime credit, build a card. It's a secure credit card with no credit checks or minimum deposit required. Start building your credit with everyday purchases and regular on-time payments with no annual fees, interest or credit. check@chime.com slash Nightcap. Imagine what you could do with better credit. My credit was so bad. Who needed a crane to pull it up? My brother had to co-sign my loan. I can't believe I had to tell you that. How embarrassed I was I felt in that moment, but I knew I never wanted to feel that way again. That's when I decided to get serious about my credit score. Again, that's why you need Chime Credit builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Use it everywhere. Visa credit cards are accepted. Bill credit with the money you set aside. Turn your everyday purchases on time payments into steps towards financial goals with Chime, secure credit build of Visa credit card. Get started today@chime.com slash Nightcap. That's chime.com/ Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card is issued by the Bank Corp Bank NA or Stride Bank, NA SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply Chime checking account required to apply out of network ATM withdrawal and OTC advance fees may apply. Timing depends on submission of payment file, late payment may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. Go to chime.com/disclosures for details,


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine N Hhl sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates. Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns and combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the God damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked Up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


All your renters out there hears something from Rocket Mortgage you're going to want to hear now. Anyone who's ever rented before knows the feeling you get every month. Your hard earned cash is gone. It's like throwing money away. Even more frustrating is the knowledge that every dollar you spent on rent is a dollar you could have put towards your future. It can make you feel like you're never gonna be able to save enough to afford a home of your own. And that's what makes what Rocket Mortgage is doing. Here's so special, they're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership is called Rent Rewards. And for the first time you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. If this sounds like something that can make a difference in your life, call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com to learn more about rent rewards. That's 804 Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LLC Equal housing lender licensed in all 50 states N mls consumer access.org. Number 33.


Now, Now you, but when you look, but when you look at Harlem Nights And you get Della Reese And you get that scene with Red Fox And you get, And you get Pryor And you get Murphy And you get Arsenio And you get that, I think, what's the guy you said passed? Robin Harris? Yeah, you get, you get, you get all of those guys. That's the Yeah man, man. Cream of the, that's guy that's a cream of the crop. Yeah man. Yeah man, it does. It don't, I don't know if we'll never get another, we'll never. We'll never get, I don't, I hate to say never because never is always, but I don't know if we're gonna ever get a cast like that again. Tony. We could with a mortgage.


We could like, once we get Like, You know, once we get a Dave together, Kevin and Har together like the the Giants of now, if we can get 'em in the right project, that's the thing though. Right? Right now we are oversaturated with movies and, and TV shows and stuff like that. So it's harder, it's harder for us to get that classic because we so oversaturated when Harlem Nights came out, that was a movement, man. I remember going to, I remember I was in Chicago, it, it was Evergreen Closet over the weekend. That movie theater was packed and what I'm talking about packed. Yeah. When them jokes, when them jokes was hidden, you couldn't even hear what they said after the joke because that theater was so hot you had to go back and watch it because you missed the jokes because people were still laughing and they was going on.


That's how it was with life. Yeah. I ended up having to buy the DVD because I couldn't hear anything because everybody laughing in the theater. I'm like, damn. And when you go back and listen to it, you realize what you actually missed. Right. And like Hojo said, there are some things like there are classics. Yeah. Even Friday when you go back and look at the cast that was in Friday. Yep. Man, the OG Friday. Yeah. For real. And it, it's hard making, I wish comedy sequels are the toughest sequels to make, man, because Yeah, like a action sequel, all you gotta do is ramp up the action And you good to go. But like with comedy sequels, they be trying to relive the magic and then they just be feeling forced.


Now it so once, once I feel like you trying to make me laugh, I'd be losing the, I'd be losing the will to do it. I'd be like, nah, you kind of forced me now. And and and the funny thing about it, you can tell, you can tell when they trying to make you laugh. When it, when someone is authentic. Yeah. And organically funny. They not even trying. Yep. You can see The funniest people are not even trying. It just is a, there's a certain if factor that you're just born with. Right. You can't teach it And you can't coach it. You know, it just, either you got it or you don't because Friday feel organic. But You know, the problem is, is that when the first one does so well and it makes so much money, you got to bring it back just because.


Yeah. Yeah. For no other reason. You got to bring it back. When you see these like, man, they, man, that's a good old movie. A movie did five, half a billion, a movie does a billion Right. You do getting a, you getting a two or three and maybe a damn four. That's it. Like the fastest and furious. We done got 10, we up to 10 now. Yeah. We in they in outer space Being outer space. They outta space. Once ludicrous and Tyrese was sitting in the vehicle outer space, I was Like, You know what, y'all got it. Y'all got it. They sitting in the car in outer space though. I was like, they racing space, they rushing, they racing space shuttles. So I mean what, what we going with that man? And so lemme ask you this. Yes babe. What's your favorite, what's your favorite city to the tutorial Where, where you, where you like to go?


Gimme your top five cities that you like to go perform Top five. Man, I love the fact that you always do top five because I love doing top five. Anything you can ask me a top five, anything. I'm gonna give it to you. So this is, this is in any order, this outta order. So I'm going off Energy New York, I'm gonna go with this. This is a ringer right here. I don't know how many comedians gonna say this, but Louisville, Kentucky. Mm. Damn. That's a good one. Kentucky got fire energy. Dude, every time I walk to go up there, I'm gonna throw in.


Hmm. I'm gonna give you, I got that good energy. I really like performing in Chicago. I know, I, I know I could be biased but, 'cause I'm from there. But Chicago Energy be fire. I'm gonna go with, let's see, there's three right there. Throw let, let me throw that. That Baltimore in there man. Baltimore. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Baltimore. Good. Am I cussed over here? Yeah. Baltimore good ass kind though. And then I'm a, I'm round it out with shoot. Philly is dope.


I might round it out with DC man. Dc DC got them heavyweights now. Yeah. They got KU City, they got Chappelle. They got Wanda Syke. Yes. Who else? Who else from D Oh, Darnell. Rollins. Yep. Dominique. Yeah. Dc DC got some fire comedians. Chico from DC ain't it Chico Bean? Yeah, I think he from DC too. I think he is. Yeah. Yeah. Man, I I, I was Rock with D DC Heavy just as a city as a whole. But those shows would be fun out there. You hey, when you guys started Heavy, you ever gotten booed? I got, one time I was at a casino. This was a casino in Southern California and it was, it was a casino.


The Laugh Factory, we used to book and Tiffany Haddish was the host. So we, we out there, I make the drive out there, Tiffany hosting and doing her thing. I get up there almost stage from probably about 15 minutes and one dude was like boo. I was like, I was like dog man boo. So it was one boo. I didn't get the community boo but it was one strong boo that he sat in. And so that's my only actual boo though. But that's a boo though. How you Hey Ray, how you get Boo do playing the slots and booing you from Bob playing this July Boo boo. It was, it was a strong boo dude. He had it. I felt like he had his third off when he did it.


Man, I felt like his chest hands was out. I was like, man you gonna boo me Then he was like boo, he doubled down. I know you a sports fan. Lemme ask you this. Who you go basketball goal? Mj, LeBron, Kobe. Where you want to go? Who You go? You know I'm from Chicago so you are, oh man, you already know this goal. So mj, I gotta give it to MJ man because he just changed everything He did. He did. He changed. He changed the whole, he shifted the whole thing. So I'm gonna go with MJ not only for that, not only because they played for the boys, but the stuff they was doing was just monumental.


And I feel Like, You know the what if is like, what if he never went to play baseball and You know what I'm saying? The what if on that we coulda got seven. Right. You know, maybe not eight, but we coulda got seven 'cause them Houston rocks was cold. But yeah, I'm gonna go mj, I feel like LeBron is one of the best to ever do it. I don't like how people hate on him all the time. And I feel like, I feel like LeBron is the best player with the cleanest image of all time. Mm. Because when you, when you think about LeBron's image to be that great, it ain't been no scandals man. He a family man. You know what I'm saying? Just yeah, he stayed outta trouble.


Ain't got no DUIs. He ain't no guy. Yeah he don't nothing. He ain't had to go to court. You know what I'm saying? No, no charges. I'm like, yo man. Yeah, this a good dude right here man. Because he could, he could been, he, he ain't got no in college man. He ain't got no F in college ain't he Go college. He could have been on mess in the game, but he was like, nah man, my family me and then I'm gonna be doing stuff on the side. You know what I'm saying? I'm gonna be good with my money. I'm gonna take care of my body man. He is like the blueprint I feel like the youth should follow in terms of Right. How to manage, how to manage being an athlete and whatever else you wanna be at a high level and still keep your head on straight. And I feel like what Kobe is, Kobe is the Terminator.


Like, You know, he, he out there Jordan claw and just like, I'm gonna fast and my job is to kill you. Yeah. He John Wick on the court, he like, yo man, yo, y'all killed, y'all killed my puppy before the game. And then he gonna go in there and make sure the job's not done. So Yeah babe, we got a fight. We got a fight coming up next year. It's gonna be in San Francisco. James Harrison in an MMA fight taking on Ocho. Who you got? Well you really doing this Ocho Man, I'm Finn to beat, I'm finna beat the, the the brakes off him. Man. I feel like Ocho been waiting to fight somebody for a long time, man.


He has, he has. Listen, Hey Tony, I just, I just wanna show my skillset man. I wanna show my skills. I wanna show all the work I've been doing behind the scenes. Everybody sees me as a jokester. They see the entertainment, they see the laughs and You know the, he he ha ha ha. Yeah. But this, there's another, there's another side that nobody gets to see. Okay. And I'm, I'm waiting to preview that, You know, on whatever night we do have this bout And I need people of smaller size and stature to understand you don't have to be scared. Yeah. Bigger. The bigger, the bigger they are, they harder, they fall. Listen. And at, at times if you stand up to those that you think are intimidating, you will see that. Yeah. Hey, anybody can get knocked out man.


Anybody can get it. You know what I'm saying? Thank You. What's, thank you. What's your record off the court? Out the ring. What's your record Right now? In the ring one and oh on the street five and two. Okay. I respect that. Yeah, I, yeah, I, I lost twice, You know, I ain't gonna sit here and lie. I lost twice. I respect it now. Now lemme ask you this, did you lose the first two and they come back with the five straight or was the two losses in the mix of the five in the seven? Yeah, I, I, I lost the first one And I went on like a, a a winning streak. Yeah. And I got, I got caught on, I got caught on the back end.


On the back end. So your last street fight was was the L? Yeah. Oh man. You had to go to sleep on that l looking at the stealing f Yeah, it is all, it is all good. It is all good. I'm gonna redeem myself. I'm redeem myself though. Oh, you Gonna take it out on you gonna take it out on Debo? Yeah. You can't listen And you can't win 'em all. I don't care who you are. Yeah, that's real. Nah. Hey, if you fight 'em up, you ain't gonna get you. Now eventually they'll get you, they'll get you. Hey they gonna get you yo, You know that. Hey on your, that's why I quit when I was ahead. I like three and oh I'm good. Oh you three and oh on the street I'm three and oh hey I'm three and oh a, I'm done. I done got too old to fight now that's how you used to have out. You Like, You know what? Yeah, yeah, yeah.


I'm just mean, I ain't had a fight since I was 25, so, but I just, what I tell people, Hey beg, this is what I tell people. I say, I don't even know if I can fight anymore. But you probably don't wanna find out hell no man fight. That's, that's, that's a lost waiting to happen. You'd be like, but if you do lose Shannon, then you be Shannon though. And that's a good one. That's funny. You know, Hey, be, we appreciate it man. Best of luck man. Congratulations on all your success. Hey, anytime I, I'm gonna catch you. I'm gonna catch you in one of these shows. Hopefully we somewhere in the same area And I can get out to one of your shows, man. 'cause I, I really love what you're doing man. And so congratulations, thanks for joining us and we're gonna check you out down the road. Alright man. I appreciate y'all man. Thank you man.


Thanks for the shoutout, sir. Thank you bro. Given a long time ago too, bro. Yes sir. Hey, you have your podcast. You wanna plug your pod? Oh, absolutely. So I got two podcasts. I got two podcasts. I got a solo joint called Verbal Cardio. You can catch that wherever you get your podcast or Tony Baker comedy on YouTube. And I got my other podcast, the Bald Brothers podcast that I do, my bro Kev on stage. And we do that together. So we drop those every Tuesday and that's everywhere you get your podcast from as well. And y'all should have Kev on here man. He was killing on here too, man. Bet we gonna look to do that. Alright, y'all? Yes sir. Alright, appreciate it bro. Alright. For sure.


I don't know how to get off of here though. Leave the chat. Okay. All I'm trying. Yeah. Hey, that was, that was, that was, that was dope. I Enjoyed that way. That was great. I mean, the guess that we had, oh, TJ and, and, and, and Bake. They were in, they were unbelievable. But back to this LeBron and Pat McAfee, like you said Ocho we're not used to seeing LeBron James sit down Yeah. For an extended period of time. Normally yes. Like when he is in the finals or he is in the playoffs, he would sit down. That's like fi that's like 10 minutes. And it's always Basketball related too. Huh? It's always basketball related. He's, he literally talking about other stuff going on in life.


He's being vulnerable, letting people in something he's never, never ever done before. Players like that of his magnitude of his status that allows the world and the public to see what he wants you to, to actually sit down for a change. I guarantee you, if they were to do the numbers on how many people watched that, that Pat Backer show, I bet it's astronomical crazy. Yeah, because it's something he'd never done. Right. And You know, and to see and to see, like you said to see him. But that just lets You know that he, for me, looking at him considering that he had ever, ever done anything like this before, now think about how many people have criticized him.


Yeah. And he's never ever done it before. So that lets You know, he had gotten to a place that he's like, I've had it up to here. Yeah. And I don't know if he knew, I, I don't think he knew Stephen a was gonna come to the game, but he had it in his mind. If he ever saw Stephen a he was gonna step to him. Well he got Stephen a number. He could have text or called him if there was an issue you could text or call him. They communicate with each other. Obviously they have some, some, some, some sort of relationship. No, they don't. You don't think so? No. Okay.


Well, my bad. No, but okay, like you said, I mean, What do you mean? No, they don't now as opposed before? No, I don't think I, I don't think they've ever had a relationship where they pick up the phone and they talk to each other like that. Oh, I don I don't think they've ever had that type of relationship. Do I think they've been cordial to each other? Yes. I remember, I think I saw something on an old cliff, maybe it was you two where Steven, they actually sat down and he LeBron. Right. But I don't think they're in a situation where they like pick up the phone. They have each other. Okay. They can call each other like that. I don't, I don't know if any LeBron is maybe teammates. I it and it could, I could be wrong, right?


I could be wrong, I could be totally wrong. But I don't know if, if if LeBron has his number or he has LeBron's number, LeBron is, You know, very, very, very LeBron Rockwood who he rocked with. And I think once you get to this level, if you hadn't, if if you haven't developed a friend by now LeBron James ain't letting you in his circle. Right. It is really that simple. So he got, he got his friends, You know, rich is his agent. Maverick is his steps chief of staff. Mav is one of his business partners. I'm trying to think who else. He, he, he run Chris Paul, he's very close to Chris. Paul, I think he's the grand, grand, grand godfather to run a CP three.


And I think if vice versa, same thing but cp. Right. But other than that, I don't think LeBron has a whole, a whole lot of what we call, I look at those guys. Like I look at Bucket, like I look at Bucket and burns, right. He ain't got a whole lot of bucket and burns in his life. You ain't got a whole lot of, You know, tj, your boy, you rock with tj TO, you ain't got a whole lot of them. Yeah. Nah. And I look at LeBron And I think LeBron is kind of like that, but hopefully, hopefully, hopefully everybody's made their point. Yeah. LeBron was upset what he said, Steven, they said that what I was trying to say, sometimes things get lost in translation.


It is what it is. But at the end of the day, I think we've got a, we've got a lot of juice. I think both have kind of squeezed out Orange ocho. Yeah. And got a lot of juice out of, and then LeBron took a aim at Wendy. Brian Windhorst said, this guy says he's my best effing friend. These guys are just weird. I don't know Wendy's ever said, I think don't think Wendy went to the same school. He went to ocho. I don't think he, I don't think Wendy, I've never heard, And I could be wrong guys. Hell, I was on, I was on undisputed for seven years. Right. I didn't hear everything Wendy said. As a matter of fact, I didn't watch anything on anywhere. All I watched was the games that were on ESN.


Right. I don't watch any other debate shows. I don't watch any other, the shows that do what I do and I'm gonna be talking about something because I don't want what they say to creep in what i's going to say. Right. So I don't watch it. So Wendy, Chad, if he said that he was LeBron's best friend, I apologize, but I don't recall. And if I misspeak I apologize to you guys, but I don't believe Wendy has said that he's LeBron best friend. Right. I think because he's covered LeBron for so long And I think they went to the same school. St. Vincent, St. Mary. He says, I think he said I, I might probably know him better than anyone else, but I, I don't get why, I mean he would say that about Wendy.


Man, you, you never know. I think I like, like, like I said, LeBron is probably, LeBron is fair up. He's, he's, he's on, I'm not saying he is on the way out the door, but he is on the tail end of everything. And now he's opening up a little bit more doing things outta character that he normally wouldn't do, which is giving the people what they want, letting us in, You know, giving us, giving us a glimpse of what's inside the world and mind of LeBron King James And I, I enjoyed it. I enjoyed it. I, I hope he does more of it. I hope other athletes do more of it. You know what I, I wish LeBron, I wish LeBron was like Jeff team. Have you ever, have you ever sat and listen to Jeff team tell stories?


Yeah. I, LeBron would, it would be, it, it would be an honor for him to take a page outta Jeff Tee's book and be that bone open and open and just, and just, just give it, just give it the stories. I I would love that. Yeah. LeBron talked about his relationship with MJ while he still has a immense respect for Jordan de pair. Don't talk much these days. I think that would change when he retires from NBA saying, Jordan intense competitive spirit is why the two don't talk much. Now we all know mj, even if you don't know him personally, he's one of the most ruthless competitors there is. And until I'm done and he doesn't have to look at me, run up and down that court wearing the 23.


Every time my name is mentioned, it's mentioned with his, he's like, I don't want to effing talk to you. Do you agree? Don't Joe, I mean that, that's dope. That's dope. Listen, that's the competitor, the competitor nature in mj. I think it's understandable, especially when it comes to him. I think he's, he's not closed off, but MJ and and Kobe are alike in a sense. Koch, MJ and Kobe are alike in a sense. I think their relationship will be much better and a lot closer once LeBron is done playing. Yeah. They go play golf together, go play golf together, smoke cigars, You know, have a little, have a little wine, whatever it is that they do. But right now, while LeBron is actively playing, I don't think him and the MJ just outside of playing the game of basketball and being successful businessmen, there's not much for them to talk about.


Right Now the only friend I know Jordan got is Oak. I mean, O Oak is his guy. Yeah. Now I've been around Jordan A. Little bit and he is ultra, ultra competitive. Yeah. First thing I be, I, I mean, I want, Hey, you wanna play cards? No, I don't wanna play cards because You know Jordan game, you gotta come down with least a hundred, a hundred, a hundred grand, 200 grand in cash. Yeah. He don't play. He do Not play. And I was like, no. I said, bro, you not Finn have me, you not Finn to have me living on the streets. I love my house. And it aint, it ain't George. But I ain't trying to keep up with you. No, no. I I don't, I don't play no 5,000 no $50,000 a hand. Hell no.


No, bro, bro, guess what? As long as they make shoes when that logo, you got money coming in. I ain't in the NFL no more. I ain't got no more money coming in. You know, I was 35 then I can draw my pension at 62. So I got five, another five years before I can get that, don't you? Before I take a penalty? Hell no. I ain't gambling with you. As a matter of fact, I'm, I'm mad you asked me that. You know damn well, And I ain't got no money. No, I'm let, I'm gonna let you and I'm gonna let you on because I think they play guts. It's kinda like Boray, right? You ever played Boray? No sir. No sir. No sir. Or in between, but nah, hell nah.


He also, LeBron talked about Giannis on P Mac. You tried to tell me Giannis wouldn't be able to play in the NBA games in, in, in the seventies. Giannis would've had 250 points in a game in the seventies. But let me ask you see, you are transporting Giannis today back then, Right? Do y'all really know what they did? Did y'all see those fights? How many people got, got to go down the lane? See the stuff that they called, they called five out. There wasn't no foul. Right? There was nobody getting suspended for slapping the ish outta somebody. Right? There was no, I mean there was no, I mean, what did Carl Malone put? 44 stitches in Isaiah head. Head. You still think you wanna come down the lane?


Do y'all remember the, the, the finals in 84 When Larry, when Larry bur with, who was that? Kevin Mcha snatched Kurt Rambus sand out the sky. Yeah. And it wasn't a flavor of, it wasn't nothing and nobody was suspended. You can't take the modern play because Ocho you're talking about technology And you talking about the modernization. Yes. If you transform Jannis today and put him back then looking that as Yeah. What player couldn't, what player, if I take ocho if I take you today, You know what, You know in the technology that you've been able to develop and put you back in the seventies, man, OCHO will kill it.


Yes. Yeah, yeah. Iation, that's unfair. Yeah. I I think from LeBron, It just like, it's unfair. One more thing Ocho just like, it's unfair. Just say, oh man, Jordan played today, he averaged 50. Let's, how about this? Let's leave everybody in the era in which they played, That they played in Giannis plays in the two, the two th 2010s and 2020s. Right? LeBron has been in the two thousands to 2010s and now the 2020s. Let's leave everybody that because it's unfair. Yeah, it's unfair. Look, I get it. And it's, it's, it's, it's a, a, a, a conversation.


But come on, because we're Rob, we're not, we're not being fair to the guys that played in that era. That was great. Right? Because it's almost like if, if you talk about these guys, like you're trying to minimize them. And I get mad at the old guys for trying to minimize the current players. Guys, you were great. Nobody's trying to rob you of that. You were great. These guys are great. The guys in the sixties that were great, the guys in the seventies were great guys in the eighties. Right? But it's unfair Ocho Yeah, I mean it is, I mean, listen, I understand what LeBron was saying. Obviously he is e exaggerated a little bit, but if you look at the, the, the players from back then, You know, just being honest from a technical standpoint, from a physical standpoint, I know what they did in between the lane and being physical And You know, slapping and punching all that.


But you're thinking about Giannis and Giannis today. It it, it, oh my goodness. The athletic ability, It's called technology ocho, you got an opportunity to work on things God didn't have, didn't have modern medicine, they didn't have technology. Think about when you ruptured Achilles, you were done. You tore knee. Oh yeah. You were done. Yeah. Yeah. You had that big and bulky knee brace. That big dun joy on, it's different now. We got modern medicine, we know how to eat, we know how to train. We have personal trainers and physio. Those guys in the sixties and seventies and eighties didn't have the money to have all of this stuff. Right. LeBron, when you making $50 million in basketball and another 75, $80 million off the court, you could have a chef that prepares every meal to your specifications.


Right? Right. You can have a physio, you can have a Mike Macias as LeBron as, excuse me, as Jordan had, Tim, Grover, Tim And I. Good Tim And I, we still, we text a lot now, but it's different. It's not fair that you try to compare this era to that era or that era to this era. You right, you right. Oh boy. Damien Lily was diagnosed with blood clots in his right calf. He's the third player this year to have blood clot issues in 2022. The playoffs. No, Chris Middleton in 2023. Giannis plays two out of five games in 2024. Dame and Giannis both were injured.


Dame is out in depthly. Should the Bucks be thankful that Giannis had all time finals run in 2022? I mean 2021. Because it seemed like ever since then, at some point in time, a key player has been injured. Chris Middleton was injured. Then there was a couple years that Giannis was injured and then you had Giannis and Dame both injured and now Dame is injured and the Bucks are not going anywhere without just, with just Giannis. First of all, he's not gonna be at the Cals without him and he's not gonna be able to beat, he's not gonna be able to beat the Celtics. He damn hell, he, he wasn't gonna probably be able to beat the Celtics with Dane, With Dam. Yeah. Let alone with him. Without him. I'm not so sure they could beat the Nets without Dane.


Right. The days of one guy dominating a series and winning the whole that that's over. You forget all about that. Yeah. I mean it's unfortunate. It is unfortunate. Obviously it's very, very serious when Moama has something similar to this. If I'm not mistaken, I don't know if the diagnosis is exactly the same, but obviously it's a blood clot. I'm glad they were able to catch it. It it sucks. It sucks for the Bucks. It sucks for the organization and it most definitely sucks for Damien Litter and his family. I'm hoping a speedy recovery for him, especially something like this is, is very, very serious. Especially when it comes to Oh Blood, oh yeah, you, your blood thinners And you probably go, you'll be a blood thinner the rest of his life, Man.


Yeah, that, that, that's, that sucks man. I, I, I hope he hope he gets better fast. Man.


All your renters out there hears something from Rocket Mortgage you're going to want to hear now. Anyone who's ever rented before knows the feeling you get every month. Your hard earned cash is gone. It's like throwing money away. Even more frustrating is the knowledge that every dollar you spent on rent is a dollar you could have put towards your future. It can make you feel like you're never gonna be able to save enough to afford a home of your own. And that's what makes what Rocket Mortgage is doing. Here's so special. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership is called Rent Rewards. And for the first time you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. If this sounds like something that can make a difference in your life, call 800 for Rocket or visit rocket.com to learn more about rent rewards. That's 800 for Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LLC Equal housing lender licensed in all 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org Number 30 30.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine HL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do, provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe and Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon NBC sports reporter and host. You Forgot to save warmer Miss America, by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way Go isn't just for the dads Brads and Chads. Yeah, it's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda tis. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap, tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira and iHeart Women's Sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts presented By Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Ocho. You're gonna be upset according to the, according to full rules report sent to the NFL teams this week. This is now 15 yard penalty is being, is being considered a violent gesture. So every time You know how to CD all the guys like to, what are We, You know what, I'm not, I'm not even upset myself. I'm not even more upset myself because whatever the competition committee or whoever's responsible for this and making the rules still they all about control taken away off the N-F-L-N-F-N-F-L stands for no fun league.


And they continue to strike and continue to find ways to take fun away from the game and allow players not to be them individual selves, but You know, attendance was down. Right. If I'm not mistaken, but y'all go ahead and do it your way. Hey Ocho, they gimme $60 million. I go out there in a tuxedo. I mean ocho I mean you think about that, that money ocho you made good money. OCHO those joke was making six, seven times what you made. Oh Yeah. And you think about what you made and not just 66 exit. Yeah. Okay. Hey Ojo, I gonna have everything.


I'm gonna have everything on Nice and be up. Took my shirt in. Yeah. Pulled those socks up. Nice. And I, hey, I don't want no problems. I don't want no problems. N nfl, I tell you one thing. If I was playing in today's era, all the stuff I was doing back then, I'd still be doing it Now. You Still doing it? Oh man. Plus some. I ain't get no penalty. I ain't gonna do nothing. I ain't gonna do nothing to get my team a penalty. But you don't, I I never got my team no penalty. I I I I'm gonna talk some, I'm gonna talk ish now. Oh yeah. But then Now you can't say the N word ocho. Yeah, I I I know. Can you imagine if we was playing during the social media era? Do You know How many times we done said the N word on that field? Oh yeah. You heard, you heard me? Can you imagine if we was playing during the social media era?


Oh Lord, Man, listen Boy, Lord. Not, not, not me. Mind you, I got in trouble for tweeting on the sideline. We played Philly. I got in trouble for tweeting on the sideline in the middle of a preseason game. That was the beginning of social media era for me in 2009. Can you imagine? Man? I'd be, man, listen, I score a touchdown and go live on Instagram. Oh you who? I told you you go hold your, I'ma Gonna take that time. But see I did the celebration where I pretended like I had a phone. Joe Horn actually went and hi a phone. Pull The phone and pull the phone out.


I said pretty soon somebody go, Hey, I ain't gonna lie one time. I'm gonna say, look here, I'm gonna send a hundred thousand. I'm gonna, I'm gonna call Uber Eats. Uber Eats gonna bring me a pizza on the sideline. Hey, one thing about it, I would, Hey, I would say you look here. Hey, I'm gonna tell my agent, my financial people say, look, I'm sending a hundred thousand aside. 'cause I know I'm gonna get fined. Oh yeah, Uber Eats gonna bring me a pizza. Hey, that's, that's the good one right there. I, and listen, today's game, I'll push the envelope. I I really, they allow everybody to celebrate. They allow, they allow group celebrations, but everybody's doing the same stuff. Nothing is authentic, nothing is organic. They're doing stuff they see on tv. They're doing stuff they see on TikTok.


Right. You get that. Oh, the NFL is all about fan engagement. Right. Oh, this is what y'all want. You want the fans to enjoy the game and have Fun. No, we tell y'all what, how to engage the fans. Don't you? Don't you try to come up with something O og. Oh no, No. Oh, I'm coming up with something. I'm gonna push the envelope. Oh don't let me score in the north or south end zone. Don't let me be playing away man. I'm pulling the fan out the end zone man. We going to sit there and do the kid and play. I'm gonna put him right back in the stands. Can you imagine? Man, you gonna get the fan fold out. You know the fan can't step on the field. That's fine man. You gonna the Fold out. That's a memory. That is a memory unc. I promise you. If I was playing today, whatever game I score, I'm telling you I will pull a fan out the stands in the north or south end zone, pull 'em down and do the kid and play.


That will be iconic because it's something that's never been done before. Everybody's doing stuff now that you can celebrate. They just repeating the same stuff over and over. Somebody has to push the envelope and make it fun. Make it fun. Alright Oto it is time for our final segment of the evening. It is time for q and a. Matthew Testify. Ask is it still the Lakers and Fire though? Yeah, we ain't running, we ain't ducking no smoke. We got something for bulls too. We gonna pay the Bulls back.


I think that's Friday night. Is it Friday night? When they pay the bulls ash? Friday night or tomorrow night? I don't know when it's tomorrow. Oh damn. Oh, maybe I spoke too quick. Now we got something for the Bulls. We gonna pay Kobe White back man. Kobe, white, Josh Guinea and bras. Man. They did something bad to us. We owe y'all. We on y'all boo. So we come into the house that Jordan built. Gonna try to drop by one 30 on y'all. LeBron gonna go for about 40, 40 10 and six oh oh.


Joe Fruitful Life. Say Chad Johnson. Magic Johnson. Johnson and Johnson. Niggas in five triplex comes sanity Indy, Cindy, Wendy. Niggas are five. Woe said no one wants to see my Clippers in the West for seven games though. Clippers. Thank you for real. Leona Rose said what's up agan Ocho, what's a dream vacation for both of you and where would you go?


Dream Vacation for Me? I don't know why y'all keep trying to get me to go on vacation with ocho. Why y'all keep trying to get me to go on vacation with Prime? They are bad influences on me. What is it that y'all don't understand? I'm, I'm not a bad influence. I can't be a bad influence. You I think, I think, I think they were asking individually. No, They mean as you do, As a matter of fact. Hey Chad, I had a, he called you too because he called you before He called me. Yeah, He called me first. Yeah. Yeah. I talked to him Because he could get on. I was, I actually, I was doing, I was doing first take when he called me. Right. Asked, asked me say you talk to Pran. I think ah, and he had called me when I talked to him yesterday.


I ain't gonna say what he said. Well, You know what he's saying. 'cause he told you the same thing. Yeah. I ain't gonna say what he said. Yeah. Pry Shut out man. What, what's the dream vacation? Where are we going? Don't Joe, Listen, I listen, I, from an individual standpoint, I, we, we are polar opposites in the things we like. I want to go to Norway And I want to go to New Zealand. I wanna swim with killer whales in the wild. You not, you're not gonna get in the water. I'm in the Water. Only time I'm getting, I ain't gotten, I hadn't gotten in the bathtub in 35 years. Would you just take showers? Yeah, I take shower. I ain't gonna sit there that dirty road and that water be dirty right back on you. Hell, you gotta get in the shower to get the nah, get the scum up off you. No, hell nah.


Yeah. I mean that, that's my, that's my dream. That's my dream. People in the chat. I I don't know if, if you don't know if, if you do know me, if You know me, you follow me for a while. You know how much I love killer whales. That's my spirit animal. My entire right leg from, from the waist to my ankle, it's tattooed with killer whales and my la the last thing on my bucket list to do, You know I do anything once, my last thing on my bucket list to do is to go to Norway and New Zealand and swim with killer whales in the wild. And I, I'm, I'm gonna do it. I don't know at what point but that, that's, I'm talking about when I talking about a dream of mine. Oh Lord have mercy Ocho. What, What happened? Look what? Look what LeBron posted.


Who was that fighting? That's Steven a boxing de. He posted That. He posted that. For real? Yeah, He just posted it like eight minutes ago. Oh. Oh, oh. See, he, he, he Look at it, look at it. And then he posted the other one. Hold on. He egging it on now, now he egging it on, on purpose. Hey, come on now. Let that go Now. You, You know, You know your all wrong with you, but let that go now. Come on now. I I told you, I told you they wasn't gonna let it go. I told you that. So now Stephen ain't gonna respond And you gotta respond tomorrow. Oh Lord have mercy.


Hey, this, this, this is, this is, this is a good thing. Oh Lord have mercy. Oh. Oh, LeBron. Oh, LeBron. Oh, LeBron followed the kid, man. Okay, okay. Yeah, I didn't know he followed the, he followed the boy. Okay. Appreciate that Man, bro. Come on LeBron. Come on. Stall him. LeBron man. Okay. He got rotator cut And you See, And you see the caption want, want, want, First of all man, Steven ain't got rotator cuff. He got bad rotator cuff. That's why he swinging like that. He ain't fluid in this show. Okay, Come on bro. Hey bro. Shout out boy.


Hey ever. Hey, ever, ever Since? Yeah, he just that like 10 minutes ago. Yeah. Hey, ever since, Hey Chad, I don't know if y'all know I'm, I'm sure y'all watch the show. Ever since LeBron sent me that 50,000, that 50,000 point ball man. Even acting different man. Lord ab Mercy bro. Do you like this new LeBron? Yeah, I like, I like the new LeBron we seeing right now. He, he probably watching it. He probably why? He probably in the chat Tcho J 2 1 3 said, Hey uncle, don't yo pick one to survive against for two minutes on a football field, a elephant, a grizzly bear, a silverback or hippo.


That's easy. Which one? The elephant? Yeah, the elephant of the hippo because they ain't got no lateral movement. I'm just gonna dodge. Yeah. Yeah, but I, the elephant forget that. I don't even want a chance. The hippo Naughty fam. Yo, TJ still got that good hair. He is. What? What is, what is TJ Iran, what is tj? TJ is Iranian, isn't he? God dog. I can't even remember. I because he came on, he, he told me one time because he used to come on, he used to come on all the time on undisputed.


Right. In the early days. Right. I forget. Yeah, that's what I told him. TJ said when TJ said we still look the same. Nah, God blessed us. I said no, God gave you still got your hair Ocho ain't he ain't been blessed like that? Nah, nah, I do You want me to go my hair growing out right now? Huh? Don't you let that thing grow out? Matter of fact, You know I'm gonna let it, I'm gonna let it grow out And I'm gonna get, I'm gonna just get a taper. I'm gonna get a taper Don't you? That man gonna start edging you up at the 50 yard line. What You talking about? Get back here. I mean I be minded. I I need to, Hey Ocho, why we need to go out your bull drive?


We need to go to Turkey. Hey, hold on. Wait a minute Right there. Hey listen, I can go, I can go to get, matter of fact, You know what I should do for one of the live shows are what? Get the man unit with the waves. You know what? Nah, but you got But see you could do that because you gotta shave your hair for to stay stick down so you could I can't do that. I ain't shaving mine off because it might not come back. You remember when Sison had that hair and then when he shaved It off it's all gone? Yeah, they ain't come back no more. Yep. Check Hook says James Harrison in the fold. Ocho like a vacuum cord. And You know what Matter. Matter of fact, whoever just said that, I'm gonna see you in person.


I'm gonna see you in person. I'm gonna see you. I'm gonna see you. Big blue Ocho best receiver duo. Matthew Stafford has played with Megatron and Tate or Devonte and Puka. Woo. What? Megatron and tape. Because we haven't seen Devonte and Pooky yet. I mean we know what Devonta is. You know, we know, we know what he can do. We know what he is done in the past. We haven't seen it yet. With the Rams. Yeah, just the fan. Say hey, up for 50 million. I go to hell. I said that, I said that on on first take. We was talking about something like what? I was like, Yeah, Hit the mail out a lot of bread Ocho don't dg say what's up Uncle Ocho Ocho and Ashwood WrestleMania approaching.


You should ask some Wrestle Wrestling and WrestleMania questions for Dunk On Hunt. You was that with Stump him? Yeah, I like that. Now, I mean, I know a little WrestleMania but I know like before in life before it became the WWE L or the wwe. Right? We go back to the Georgia championship, but I I, I'll brush up on it. Me, myself And I say, should have known a sports trivia expert was going to discuss playing Glenn and Ly Blackwood played in 81 Dolphins from 81 to 86 dunk on unc. You remember that? The no name defense. That's what they would call the no name defense.


No name defense. Yeah. Glenn and Lyle Blackwood. My no one flying Spirit tomorrow. Not by choice. Any advice or anything I should expect. Never flown with him. Ocho, what should he expect? I fly, I listen, I fly with spirit all the time. What you expect. You can expect good service. You can expect great service. You, you can also expect wifi. Okay. Lemme know how it is on tomorrows show. Huh? I get that on the airline. I fly. Yeah, but ours is cost sufficient. Can't put a price on my life.


But anyway, that concludes this episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join their Nationwide 5G network today.


Thank you guys for joining. And y'all know me your favorite UNC Shannon Sharp, number 85 Liberty City's own route runner extraordinaire, bingo, ring of Fame artery, pro bowler all Pro and Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and tell family, friends, and loved ones to do likewise and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for your support. Thank you guys for your loyalty and continued support. We greatly, greatly appreciate it. Go check out Shade by La Portier. We have it in stock and if you can't find it any city or state near you, don't worry we're coming soon. But until the meantime, order it online.


We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Check out my media company, Shehe Media on all of its platform and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything has restocked, the link is pinned at the top of the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please get yours while supplies last. Tickets for the Not Safe for Work Tour went on sale this morning. Eight stops Friday, June 13th in Baltimore. Saturday, June 14th. In Philly, Saturday, July 12th. In Charlotte, Saturday, July 19th, Los Angeles, Friday, July 25th of Miami, Saturday, July 26th in NYC.


Friday, August 15th, Chicago. And we close out the show Saturday, August 16th in Detroit, Michigan. Tickets can be found@sheshamedia.com slash tour. That link is also pinned at the top of the chat. Guest lineup is looking real nice. Can't wait for you guys to check it out. Don't miss us. Get your tickets now. I'm unc. He's ocho. Thank you guys for joining us. Thank our special guest, TJ Hu Mazada and the very funny and talented Tony Baker. We'll see you tomorrow. The Volume


Famous Smoke has been dominating the Cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars. Need a Smoke for the big game or Big Win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust. The name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading Blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player, Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the Morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.