
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The junior bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo, and a hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Meer Pickle onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Stewart, bink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed l PT tool winner and six time Lady European tool winner. And Keira k Dixon NBC Sports reporter and host. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira. We are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, An iHeart win sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us an iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your book House Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


The Volume,


The finals are here and the only thing for sure is it's the last time to bet on college basketball this season it's been an amazing ride to get here full of unexpected happenings. Maybe there'll be more. Get in on all the actions expected and unexpected with DraftKings Sports book, with live betting exclusive content, promos and parlays. DraftKings, the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. Is that simple? First time, here's something special just for you. New draft King customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Bet the unexpected with Draft King Sports book. Download the draft sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm six times two divided by one. Carry the earth a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweets details and now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us as the Golden State Warriors. Take down the Los Angeles Lakers on the road. 1 23 to one 16 Steph and Po. Walinski. I think that's how you say his name. Budzinski. They were sensational tonight. The Lakers bench did not contribute at all and the Warriors go on the road an inch closer inch ever closer to that fourth spot. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap Brought, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join their nation wifi g network Today. Y'all know me Favorite UNC Shannon Sharp. Number 85, Liberty City's own bingo Ring of Fame.


Maree, the Pro Bowler All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you. Thank you for your support and your continued support because without you, there can be no US at Nightcap. So thank you again for your support. Make sure you check out shaa by La Porter. Go check support that now. If you can't find it in stores or or city or state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to you. And guess what? Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms she Shea Media.


Thank you guys so much for nominate nominating us for six Webby Awards. Myself, best entertainment creator, best Sports Creator Club Shesha best creator and influencer series, Nightcap Best sports show. Best video series. Best Live podcast. Recording the link is pending our bio. Please make sure you go vote for us. The voting ends. April 17th, my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything is restocked, the link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone they're gone. So make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our night.


Not safe for a work tour. They went on sale last week. Our eight stops are as followed. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, la, Miami, New York, Chicago and Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. That's shehe media.com/tour. That link is also pending in the chat. Guest is looking really well, can't wait for you guys to come check us out and have fun at the show. Go get your tickets now. Thank you. Well we got a very special guest to join us tonight to talk about not only the Lakers Warriors game but all things NBA. Y'all know him.


ISO Joe. He cut it. Started out with the Phoenix sons but most of you guys know him for the Atlanta Hawks right here in the A. Here he is ISO Joe, Joe Johnson. What's up? What's going on? What's up? What's up O Joe, man y'all, what y'all got going on man? Right here living. We appreciate you staying up late at night boys, bro. We appreciate this. I don't no problem man. I couldn't miss this. I appreciate y'all for having me on the show. All the success you guys have had man, and continues success. So I really appreciate y'all. I'm a huge fan. Yes sir. Alright, appreciate this sir. The Warriors beat the Lakers 1 23, 1 16. The Lakers cut the lead once 16 point fourth quarter lead. They got it down to five but they couldn't get over the hump.


The dubs bench outscored the Lakers bench 26 to seven, LeBron 33 points nine and six five rebounds. Austin Reeves 31.6 rebounds, Roy 24.6 rebounds. Luca had 19 points on six and 17 shooting eight rebounds, seven assists. Brad in the first half pods, outscored, Luca and LeBron. He, LeBron, he had 22, they combined for 16. I think the kind of the difference in this ball game, Joe, correct me if I'm wrong And I know you watched it was the bench, the best production one team bench gave them 26 because you kind of got, okay, step out had 37 but LeBron gave you 33 and then when you factor in Officer Reeves, okay so that's a push now Jimmy Butler and and and Draymond Luca kinda offset them but, so if you get offset offset now, where's that production gonna come from?


And you see the Golden State Warriors bench, they outscored the Lakers bench by 19 and the difference in the ball game I think was what, seven points? 1 23 to one 16. When you watch this ball game, what did you like or what didn't you like from what you saw in this ball game? First off, when I, I seen bro come in with them purple overalls now I knew it's gonna be some trouble. Oh what nigga he came to watch you say he coming to work today. Hey, hey. But I thought it was a great game man. They got off to a hot start. Both teams was on fire to start the game and yeah, it came down to the bench and that's kind of what it's gonna be like in the playoffs. You know that game gonna kind of slow down a little bit. Yeah, And I like what the Warriors got. They got a bunch of guys over there man who ain't scared to take the big shot, make big plays and create big opportunities.


So they came into LA with it on their mind tonight because normally the, the Lakers have had their way with the Warriors over the last several years. They've had, LeBron has been sensational. He was sensational again tonight. What was he, 10 or 15? He didn't take a whole lot of shock. Right. He was very, very efficient. I thought sometimes Joe, he overpassed the ball And I think if you watch him now starts the game in pass mode. He's not looking to attack, he's looking Okay Austin, you go do your thing. Okay Luca, you do your thing. He's not in a mode where he is like, okay, I can go get mine. And in the, if you go back and look, say the last seven, eight games, the first half he has not played well.


He's most of the time he's under double digits in the first half and then he picks it up as he goes. This was by far the best game that he's played since that injury. Me seeing it and You know, I watch all the game Joe. Yeah. But I thought this was his best game. The second half he became aggressive. He wasn't aggressive to start with. Yeah. 25 points in the second half. I think he had 14 in the third quarter. 11 in the 11 in the fourth and the third, fourth quarter. Right. But what did you like about what you saw from LeBron tonight as opposed the up previous night coming back from this injury? Yeah, this seemed like it was probably the, the, the best game he's had since the injury. He was in pretty good rhythm. Oh wow. But yeah, he does he, it seems like he kind of comes out a little unselfish early to kind of get those guys in rhythm and get 'em going and sometimes it kind of hurts him kind of late because takes somebody his rhythm, he's too unselfish, You know what I mean?


Yeah. But I seen him, he did the same thing today and it's like in the second half he felt like okay, I gotta give us something in order for us to win. But yeah, I think sometimes from him being a little too unselfish, I think it kind of, You know, hurts his rhythm because in basketball bro, You know the scores And I know he do a lot of things for the lake. There's a lot of good things for him as well. You know, scoring is a rhythm game, You know what I mean? So it's hard to just, You know, with him coming out, he may have 10, 12 assists in the first half, but offensively he'll have a rhythm to get his own, You know, and it takes him a little while. Yeah. Hey Joe, you don't, you don't think somebody like LeBron that's experiences LeBron, he can't come into a game and facilitate first knowing that the games he's had previously, they haven't been as, he hasn't been LeBron, the LeBron that we're used to seeing.


He can't come into a game and facilitate and allow the game to come to him instead of being aggressive out front. Man, I think bro know he can do whatever he want at this point, right. Honestly, I think you got, you gotta, he gotta, he know he has another level or two he's gonna have to go, especially when the playoffs start. Right? Right. Like right now they just trying to finish the season, obviously get great seating, but he knows when the playoffs start. Yes sir. We gonna see a whole different LeBron. We gonna have to, okay. I think the difference is now though Ocho you say can he just facilitate but now he has another ball handler. Yeah. Yeah. So where it was just him and Officer Reeves, now he's gonna get his shots. Now you got Luca Luca's gonna get 20 plus shots a night. Right. Officer Reeves wants somewhere between 15 and 20 shots a night.


Yeah. There's only so many shots can go around. So where he could normally get his rhythm right because he knows he's gonna be able to get those shots. Right now Luca and Officer Reeves, because he's coming into his own, they're cutting into that. Okay. So he can't wait like he wants could right. To just go get his shots because they're gonna come few and far between because now if Luca gets going now you're not gonna get any shots because you don't wanna take him outta his rhythm. Right. We've seen Officer Reeves get going, you don't wanna take him outta his rhythm and the farther they get going and stay in their rhythm, the farther you get removed from being in your rhythm. So it gets harder and harder as we get the older and now he has two guys that can take up some of the score in Slack. Yeah, I agree. I think about what do you think about that Joe?


I think tonight with Austin Reeves and, and everybody getting off to such a great start, he kind of fed off that. That's kind of, he, he goes real into real passive mode and he just keeps feeding him until Yeah. You know, they kind of cool off and then that's when he tries to pick up. And I think that's the thing that kind of hurts him from time to time. But like I said, man, when the playoffs start it's gonna be a whole totally different ballgame. I'm looking forward to it. Well what did you like about what you saw from Steph? Because Steph, he saw pods have it going early. He didn't, he didn't force anything. Now all of a sudden he's putting the ball on four. You gotta try to run him off the three, he knows you're gonna try to run him off the three. So now he has the ability to sidestep. You still get off the three or put the ball on the on on the floor and get to the rim even though he's not above the rim player.


He's magic around the basket. Yeah. He don't have to be above the rim player because he shoots so great from the outside that if he raise his eyebrow you going jump. Yeah. So he knows that. He knows that. So his in-between game is so good, whether he shooting floaters or whether he dish Draymond for easy lift or spraying out to Moody for three. So You know, he has a defense in the huckle buck and if he don't run out there with some emphasis or some urgency, You know what's going in. Yeah. Right. And that and also, And you think about it, he and Draymond because You know, because they shoot so many threes. Yeah. They're better rebounding team than you think even though they're small because they get up so many threes and the ball's coming up everywhere and guys are scrambling and they get to rebound.


So they're gonna out rebound a lot of teams even though they're small, you thinking like, oh man, we gonna punish 'em on the glass. No you're not. Yeah. You know, you're not because you got Draymond and Jimmy Butler who are blue collar workers and they're gonna do all the little things Yeah. Box down and rebound and do the nasty dirty work that a lot of guys not going to do and it's gonna result into a lot of second chance opportunities for those guys to kick out and shoot threes. Yeah. Listen, I don't, I don't know how the NBA seasoning will go, I'm not sure, but when the playoffs come, the Lakers Warriors playoff, I think NBA fans would love this. I think it's something like that, that that would be really, really dope. A seven game series with these with with these two teams playing. And as far as Steph goes on, listen somebody like that, that can put the ball on the floor can shoot and and score from from all three, all three levels.


There's, there's, there's no way to stop that. And obviously the lake, the Lakers bench, they got, they gotta do much, they gotta do much better if just so happened, hypothetically speaking, they happen to meet up in a, in a, in a, in a seven game series and like you say toothpaste, copy and paste Lakers and five I think and becau because Draymond, Draymond and, and and, and Steph has played the well so long together. Yeah. They understand. They get that rebound and Draymond just bouncing behind his back. He doesn't even, he ain't not even look it, but he knows Steph and they did a great job tonight. If You know Joe every they ran pick, no, I don't want that one.


I want Luca, we go, whoever Luca going bring your As sir. Not lemme So just as much as the Lakers gonna try to pick on Steph and post Rudy ChemE and all those guys and make step work, we gonna do the same thing to Luca bring him on down here, we gonna get the switch And we gonna make it move them ies man. He gotta move, move, move them feet. Yeah. It's a blessing and a curse because he can only move so fast. He's never gonna be, he's never no he's never gonna be a great defender. Especially because they have him out in space now. He's, I mean you're not gonna be able to just back him down, but if you get him out in space, okay, he might stop the initial Yeah, but now can he stop the second Right. Can he stop the third?


Because at first time you, you move that step put on Joe, he has Steph at the first. Steph say, okay, you got that one. Good job, you got me. Good job. Oh lemme go back over here. Oh, oh, I think I got you lead. Yeah. And boom, boom. And now he got the float to the rim. I've been there man, I've been there. It's gonna be challenging, You know, because they're gonna see Luca every play down the court. Yes. Defensive. They gonna make him play defense. Yeah. He not just going to be able to use all his, use all his energy for offense and that's how teams feel like they gonna pick on the Lakers. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. You got to becau because if you look at, if you look at it, Joe, officer Reeves, your Luca are great defenders.


Okay, let me, I don't take great out of it. They're not, they're they're, they're average to below average defenders. And so Now you got two of those. Now you only got one big Yeah. Which is Jackson Hayes and he's a, he, You know, he can get some foul trouble. I mean he comes and going, I mean he like all over the damn place. He looking at stars and you like damn ball together. So he's all, he he's scattered, he all over the place. Yeah. So now that puts a lot of emphasis on a guy like LeBron and, and LeBron coming off of injury, You know, he's not gonna do too much because he don't wanna do anything sudden jump and, and re and reinjure that groin. Right. Absolutely. They, when take Jackson Hayes out, they're really small teams. They are man, they need, they need, they need some help in that, in that paint to help Jackson Hayes and LeBron because that's how you gonna get it in the playoffs, man, you gonna need way more than that.


You know, every player is intensified in the playoffs, You know, a a knickknack or ankle sprain or something minor can happen, You know, it's a playout series so it's going, it's going to linger man. It ain't going to heal up to our season. So they need some help. Yeah. But they do, they they do need some But You gotta think about it, you talking about they, we, we've been saying they need help all this time. We talked about Jackson Hayes obviously being the only big, the only person that can play the five LeBron can switch and go to the five sometime depending on circumstance in a game, depending on the situation. But Joe, what Joe just said, they need, they need a big, it's not gonna work in the playoff. Ain't nobody out Now. Ain't nobody out there. It's too, it's too late now. It's too late now at this point to go and get somebody.


So you gotta figure, you gotta figure out how to do it, plan small and then you also have to figure out how to do it. But you got two liabilities on defense and Res and Luca and make sure all the energy and their output is is spent putting up points on offense. Yeah. Because they had the unfortunate case. Well not getting the Mark Williams kid, You know, not having that center it is. Right. It's hurting them. 'cause he could, he could do a lot of justice for them man. He could, he could have Lakers looking a lot better than what they've been looking these past few games because Now you start Mark Williams And you bring Jackson Hayes off the bench, which is the role he's best suited for. Now those 15 minutes you play now they're spread out at the tail end.


Right. You let Mark Williams take the lion's share Now you bring him in now at all times. You got somebody to protect the paint. Right Now when Jack, when Jackson Hayes goes out, they don't have anybody to protect the rim. Right. So basically it's a layup line because once, because they're gonna keep Luca, they're going to keep Luca in the pick and roll. It is because they don't, the the, the Lakers don't have once, once Jackson Hayes go out the game, the Lakers don't have that line through anymore and it's kind of bunching up the game And you can tell they just penetrating and kicking. A lot of times guys do have their in-between game, but they kick it out for three so much that it's making 'em hard for 'em to score. Right. They went into a, a lap today to where it, it took him a while, You know, to score some points.


So, and the playoffs is gonna slow down and LeBron knows that. And I'm sure like I say, he's gonna go to another level or two, but man they needs some help. Help in the pain. Yeah. Yeah. Unfortunately that's not coming until next year. Unless they could do something in the, unless they well they can't, they can't, they can't pick up nobody for the playoffs. No, ain't nobody they, they picked up Alex Lin and he just, right now he's just waiting to be the tallest coach ever. 'cause he, he, he terrible as a player right now Joe. I mean, I mean, ain't no way around. It ain't no way around it. They put him in the game and he, he, he, they ain gonna have the key on rock. They gonna need that body man. I'm telling you. They gonna need that body. He gonna have to have Well that's all is, that's all, You know what I'm saying? Oh Joe, you yo, you from Arkansas right?


Yeah, from Little Rock. Okay. So You know, being from the country, you from Little Rock, I'm from South Georgia. We kept a whole car in the backyard to take parts pop. It wasn't worth a damn, but we just use it for spare parts. Hey that's what we doing with Alex Lee. Hey, he just gonna be out there taking, he gonna be out there taking him space. That's it. Ain't listen, ain't listen. Hey listen man, they met them people getting in foul trouble in them playoffs. They gonna need somebody to step in there and give 'em 3, 4, 5 fo. Yeah, I'm telling you. But, but that's all he, that's all he, Hey Ocho, we go out to, Hey man we need a carburetor. Hey go see if that car, hey we need a metaphor pipe. We need ly converter, we need a voting regulator. Right. Whatever spark plugs or something. Piece it up comes right, go ahead.


Go ahead Joe. Piece it up. Yeah, piece it up. Try to make it work. We gotta do whatever we can to buy some time. Especially if any of 'em guys, especially Jackson Hayes get into any type of foul trouble. Yeah man, y'all gotta throw somebody out there. Y'all can't have LeBron playing the cinema bro. So


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I Couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I am Camila Ramon Pelotons first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur and almost most importantly Ayo Enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami Ayo enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Ajo is where sports music and fitness collide And we cover it all. The arva sit downs with real game changers in the sports world like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Shumate, who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It All changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know, you're not Latina enough. First of all, What does that mean? My mouth is wide Open. Yeah. History makers like the Suat family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It Was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty. The story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions From the building of the core that included Clay Thompson and Draymond Green to one of the boldest coaching decisions in the history of the sport. I just felt like the biggest thing was to earn the trust of the players and let the players know that we were here to try to help 'em take the next step. Not tear anything down. Today the Warriors Dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that like Mount Rushmore. For guys that have changed it, Come revisit this Magical Warrior's ride. This is Dove Dynasty. The Dubs Dynasty is still very much alive. Listen to Dub Dynasty starting April 8th on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the right, we're officially line mates. Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm Vibe and Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


And the thing gives with Jackson Hayes, he's gonna get in foul trouble. Yeah because the, because of the way he plays, he's out of position a lot and he, he doesn't really control his body that well and he's, he lunging in the guys and stuff like that and he spit bro. Hey, they not listening to you talking, you talking about hey, that wasn't a fight bro. Ain't nobody listening to you. You talking to the Fisher. They just like junior you out. Hey. Oh he ain't used to playing all these minutes man, they leaning on that boy hard out there. They are, they Are. Listen some some sometime the onus gotta be on LeBron. Listen, once we get to the playoffs he gotta talk to Jackson Hayes. Listen, you don't have to challenge everything. You don't have to challenge everything early on in the game.


There's no need to get in foul trouble man. Young bull don't have me going to the five and exert and all that goddamn damn energy on defense having to play down there. Hey Joey. Yeah he ain't, he ain't trying to get in foul trouble bro. Yeah, he ain't trying to. I know he look wild out there. That man excited look right somehow so he done ended up as the only big for the lake 'cause like Oh yeah. And I'm playing with Luke and LeBron. Right. Man, that man out there, hell, the time of his life, they don't, yeah, I mean he came from the Pelicans. Think about it, he was at the Pelicans. What? Hey he and he, he probably not gonna have it this good again but I, I think, I think the Warriors have to be really pleased because Jimmy Butler didn't give him a whole lot tonight. Yeah. Normally even though when he's not giving him anything, he's at the fo line.


So he's given, he's given Steph an opportunity to rest. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So when he, the clock stops, so now Steph can get the rest because Steph is perpetual motion. He's not, Hey he's he's just running, he's running baseline. He's coming to the top, he's back. That's all he's doing. He's running the whole game. And so, and and, and as Joe said, come playoff time, however minutes you normally play. Yeah. Tack two to three on come playoff time. Yeah, I'm talking about, so if you playing 33 minutes, you gonna go to 36. Yeah. If you playing 35, you going to 38. I'm talking about hard, tough minutes. But the one thing I do like about the Warriors, You know Draymond's not a a, a great offensive threat, but he knows his role. Meaning when that father gets kicked to him, he go right into a dribble handoff because ain't nobody guarding him.


Now Steph come off Scott free shooting him wide open threes and those that, that's been kind of money for them, You know, going down the stretch and sometimes he'll hit you with the dribble drive, he'll fake the handoff and drive it and let go all the way to the realm with it. And the thing is, look at some point in time you gotta live with that. If Draymond gonna hit two to three threes, three threes, you are probably gonna lose the game. Jimmy Butler at the time, no time on the clock and he just heats it up. You you're probably gonna lose like that. So you're gonna have to live with something. Yeah. You try to minimize Steph. That's the damage, that's the, that's the look if you get Steph is the trauma center. Yeah. You can live with a paper cut Yeah. Steps in you to the trauma center and that's where you just stop.


You know you're not trying to go to oh oh so You know in class And you get a little bandaid when they call a paramedic for you ass. Not too much. You, you in trouble then. Yeah. Steph is the paramedic. I'm just trying to get a little bandaid. Listen, Listen that that, that's the hard part though. Huh? You know Steph at the trauma center regards to who regards to who you plan. Right? So you wanna deal with the trauma but you wanna limit everything else. The other folk people eliminate, eliminate them or just make sure you find a way to stop up the damn. That's it. If Trey, if you gonna deal with the trauma from Steph, make sure you deal with the other fo Right. And carry on like that. It's kind of hard because they're either gonna put Elton Reeves or they're gonna put Luca in the pick and roll.


Yeah. They're gonna keep running because they, those are the guys. So because you, Finn Finn Smith didn't give us anything tonight during Gabe. Vincent didn't give you anything tonight. You need something from those guys. We committed 'em the other night Ocho, because remember both of those guys gave you 20. Yeah. Both of those guys hit at least 6 3, 6 threes. Yeah. They've got to give you something now if they're not giving you anything, you hope, you hope they give you something offensively, but if they're not giving you anything offensively, Austin Finny Smith got dope. Gotta he gotta lock it down. Yeah. You can't be, you can't be booty cheeks on both ends Joe. Now you gotta, they gonna need guys to pitch in man.


And I just feel Like, You know, they put so much pressure on Luca and LeBron to be great every night. Yes. That, You know, it's gonna be hard to win like that. That's why I think Austin Reeves is playing out of his mind this year. He's giving them great help but they gonna need more help from Rui to be consistently good for them on a night to night basis. Especially when they get in a postseason. I think the thing is that, plus I like Dalton connect but he, he, he annoys, he annoys JJ because he doesn't understand his defensive responsibilities. Yeah, right. He gets so lost. They put him in the pick and roll and both guys are and they put him in the, the the screen, the high screen. Yeah. And he goes to the guy that's rolling when he's supposed to flare to the guy that's that popped.


Right. Right. And he gets lost every time. And I look, I've only been around JJ for half a year, but I just know that annoys him and what I told you Ocho Yeah you gotta have patience as a coach. Yes sir. And when you go over something in film study and then he come in the game and and monkey it up like bro yeah, this is why you over here, this is why you're not playing and Joe, I know you be, you can speak to this guys that You know okay you go over something and shoot around, you go over something and film study and then you get into the game And I be damned if you don't mess it up. Hey that and, and that's their rookie syndrome bro. That's why they don't trust them rookies, them big games and the big situations in the post season. Right. Because you gotta understand attention to details.


Yeah. Especially on the defensive end, knowing when to switch, how to switch who to close out to who not to close out to. And a lot of times, You know, rookies don't really understand that it take 'em a year or two to kind of figure that part out. Yeah. So who do you think Joe needs another title more Steph or LeBron? Oh, I'll say LeBron. You think so? I say bro. Yeah man. Yeah. I say bro, even though they won one, even though he's won one already in LA right in the bubble. I think him get another one. I mean he already to a lot of people, You know, he's there to go man, he's gonna have all the records when he's done, man.


For him to capitalize and have another championship in LA Yeah. I think it's at the age of 40. Yeah. What I think it, look, look what he's doing at 40 man. This is crazy. So. Right. You know we, we, we kinda get on him, You know at times when he is not playing great but you still have to realize that man 40 years old and he's still out there putting up elite numbers. Right. Yeah. He going and he's going to end the season averaging 24 8 and eight at the age of 40 a Hey a guy that's 25 averaging 24 8 and eight, that's a max contract guy. The guy's gonna get three 50 and he's 40. Hello? Hello. Hey. Hey Joe, you think, you think they hold, you think they hold LeBron at a different standard obviously because of who he is.


Woody's been able to do the longevity, the consistency to be in year 22 to plan the way he playing at 40. I to me, I mean if, if you ask me, I think maybe Steph would be more suited to be one to, to maybe need another ring as opposed to LeBron. The way I see it, You know, is despite my, my lack there of exquisite knowledge of basketball, it seemed like his legacy has already submitted whether he wins another one or not. You talking about Steph? No, I'm Talking about LeBron. LeBron. Nah, I think because LeBron has been great for so long. He been in the game since he was 18. A man 40 years old. Yeah. That and he's played at a crazy level level Right.


Since he was 18 elite level, You know what I mean? So this is, this is new to all of us. You know, every point that goes down for him is in history book in his Yeah. Like we looking at the lead score NBA history. So I know we take, You know, we don't take that and, and and and You know, you can't take that for granted for what he's doing and You know, having longevity and still playing at this high level so Right. You know to some, to some aspect. Yeah. I wanna see him win another one. Okay. Okay. Joe, what I tell pe Hey hold on, Hold on. Ho Joe. Hey Joe, I gotta show you the ball LeBron gave me. He signed a 50 K point ball for, Lemme see that joint. Oh ojo. You gotta cut it out. You got, you gotta chill.


You o you gotta chill. You gotta chill. Hey, hey you gotta chill my boy. You, hey you can't keep letting that man get away type act that man is on. Hey Joe. And what I tell people all the time when you are a great player And I I'm sure you got this, they don't compare you to other players. They compare you to your younger self self. Yeah. As you started to get older Joe, they'd say, man, I remember the 25-year-old Joe, he would've got that shot off. Yeah. He'd been able to get to the rim. Yeah. He'd been able to draw that, that foul.


People looking at LeBron and they don't, they don't, they don't put forth zero all they say, I remember LeBron would've rolled up and he'd have dunked it on him. I, I remember LeBron would've got all the way to the, I've got, he'd have got all the way to the rim. They're not looking at the age. All they do is compare you to a younger version of yourself. Yeah. And yeah, obviously he don't have the athletic athleticism that he once had. Correct. But he's so cerebral and smart at this stage in age of his game that it's even more impressive now to watch him than it is when he was 22 or 23. Right. Yeah. So I enjoy it, I enjoy how this game has evolved and how he's kept up with the Joneses.


'cause when I came into the game, Acho Yeah. Guys wasn't pump faking and sidestepping and none of that. Right. They they weren't doing none of that so. Right. You know, he's learned all that as he's just to play and he's added and implemented so many different things in his game. The three ball. Yeah. 'cause he wasn't a, he wasn't a heavy three ball shooter when he got into the league either. Nah, he wasn't. Now he has the three, now he has the three ball. Yeah. That's what really, that's what really has helped him because what he's like, he's top 10 in three point shots. We don't look over 11,000 rebounds, over 10,000 assist. We know the 40 plus thousand points. Yeah. But something that we never thought that we would see that LeBron James would be top 10 and three points.


That's crazy. And so the evolution guy that could evolve the greatest, the, the, the greatest trick to survival is adaptability. Yeah. Yep. He had to be able to adapt, adapt to the game as it evolved. And you see some of the other guys couldn't adapt to the game and even though they were pretty good players, You know, I was listening to Melo talk, mellow said, man I need to get to the midrange. Well they no longer want the midrange because they don't value the midrange. Right, right. We need you to be a spot of three sport shooter. We need you to be a catching three, three point shooter. Yeah. I think that's what's made him tough to guard because if he is making that jump shot, oh it's over. Yeah. It's gonna be a good night for him tonight. So I just, I think that's, that's the key.


Like you, if he sees that first one go in, You know it's gonna be a long night for the, for the defense. Yeah. So, You know, he'll have you on your heels because if he's making anything you gotta shake his hand. And You know, he's had unbelievable nights from the three, You know, from these past few years, especially this year. Oh yeah, let's go through a game. Buddy Hill and Jarvin rant was warned by the NBA about the, the the finger gun. But, but again tonight Ja hit the game winner man. You know who he beat beat the heat. Yeah Man Joe, if you could, if you could look as a veteran playing 17, 18 years in his league.


Yeah. If you had an opportunity to sit down with Ja and impart some wisdom upon him, what would you tell him? I'd tell him, Ja, come, come, come spend some time with me. Come get in this hot yoga room And we gonna zap all that little energy up outta you and ain't gonna be none of them man. We ain't gonna be fine no more them girls. We going, we gonna get you. Right. But I think that's kind what the NBA is lacking honestly their veteran presence that can help these young guys. 'cause nowadays you got guys getting drafted and they going on the teams and, and and Ja is the guy who they looking up to. Right. You know what I mean? The JA 23, 24 he 23, 24 and these are the guys who, You know, your young guys are looking up to and emulating and wanna be like.


So I think you, you gotta have older guys than that man who can really teach these dudes the ropes. Show 'em how to be pros on and off the floor. Yes Sir. Yeah. Hey Joe, do you think ob obviously you think about players like that that are young, like a jaw and some of the other players that around the league. Do you think, trying to tone down some of the, some of the mannerisms, some of the extracurricular activity and things they like to do on the court, do you think that it will take away from their game and what makes them, them being that he's so young and he can resonate with, with the rest of the youth? You think that'll take away some of that, some of that, that, that would make Ja Ja in general? Yeah, I, no, IIII love it.


I know they probably gonna try to ban some of the stuff, but I love the antiques and the celebrations and things of that sort. I think that's kind of what makes the game, that's what fans love to see. It's just like in football when, when guys score, they love to see the dancing and the right teams come together. The good camaraderie of teams and fans enjoy watching that. Right. You know, they don't want to just see a boring game. They wanna see the excitement they comes with it. So I, I hope they don't eliminate or give technical files for all the excessiveness. Some of it is kind of warranted, but man, I ain't gonna lie O Joe, some of this stuff is kind of getting outta hand, man. I watch a lot of AAU basketball. I got a AAU program myself. Yeah. And man, these kids, soon as they hit one shot, they shooting at your head.


They're talking about this crazy, they spray the whole family down, Jane, Hey man, listen, they shoot up the whole jail. Yeah. So it's, I I love to see the fire in 'em and the competitive nature that comes with it. But some of the antiques Yeah, they start fighting bro. They start fighting. They because ocho Yeah. What do the younger people see? Because think about it, all these kids now do, all they do now is shoot three threes. Yeah. They saw staff guys three, seven years old. Yeah. They launching it. The same thing with the NFL. Whatever they see them NFL, they see the gritty.


They see, hey ocho remember they outlawed the throat slash Yeah. You had your kids in the high school, young kids throw, throw slashes. Yeah. So this is the same thing. These kids, they want to, to emulate that. Right. They wanna be that. And so the NFL and these sports league say, nah, we don't, we, You know, we ain't trying to set that precedent. Right. We want you to have fun. And I, And I get it to a certain, a certain extent, but sometimes I think the players do go overboard And I think they got a responsibility. Right. Because these young kids look up to 'em. You, you, you, you selling shoes, you selling merch, you selling things. You say, Hey, I want you to, I want you to support me, I want you to be blah blah blah blah. But then when we do that, ah, nah, don't do that. Nah. Them kids be bought all the way in everything you do.


Right. Everything you wear, how you taught, what you do, they follow that. And Ja, and, and Josh's polarized it, man. He ultimately could have been or could be the postal boy, the NBA and kids gravitate toward that. Like I'm saying his shoes, his clothes, how he wear his hair. Like man, I see these kids now with, they dread with they dreads back up in a little ponytail. Like, man, listen, these people, they think he, they think they ja here and because he has the same, the the reason why they like Steph because you see Steph like, damn, Steph like a regular man. Yeah. Step six two. Yeah. Yeah. Damn. Ja six two. Yeah. I can't be LeBron man. I ain't finna be no six nine.


Right. I ain't finna be no Shaq. I ain't finna be no Yoic. Right. But I can be, ja I can really grow up to be six too. Right. I can be Steph Curry. So that's why a lot of times people gravitate towards the smaller guys because they see themselves. I could be that. Right. That's why Jordan and Kobe, the smaller guys, they seem to resonate. Ain't nobody say, man, I wanna be Shaq, I wanna be Yoic, I wanna be Kareem. Why you think don't nobody throw the sky hook the most unstoppable shot that's ever been created. Right. And ain't nobody basically threw it since he threw it. Hey, hey, hey, And you got all these trainers out here taking these kids through drills or nobody teach 'em how to shoot no Sky Hook man over there. They, they ain't teach that.


They teach that that 2025 step ha ha catch that. Yep. Yeah. Yep. And that's what it is. Yeah. Hey, Y y and Joe, I, I think I I I like it. I understand exactly where y'all coming from, but when you got players like Anthony Edwards, players like Ja Morant, I mean Steph is a little different just the way he carries himself. And you look at the individual's background and the image that they try to portray, there's a reason why they're special. When they play the game of basketball, there's a certain way that they carry themselves. There's a certain group that they try to emulate or a certain, a certain certain cache and way that they carry themselves and they want to keep that same, that same that.


Or when they play the game of play, the game of basketball. And I all, all I was saying is there's some things you can eliminate that they do in game. Yeah. I just don't want to take too much away from 'em that makes them who they are. There's certain it factor with Anthony Adams and the Jamon that makes them who they are. And I think if you take too much and try to tone 'em down too much, it takes away from their game in general and what they bring. I, I agree. And it's going to kind of dole it down a little bit and make it less watchable. I mean they say the game, they say the basketball game has been struggling, but You know, our stars have been performing. We just gotta keep 'em on the floor. Yeah.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Camila Ramon Pelotons first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur and almost most importantly Apre enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami Apre enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Asho is where sports, music and fitness collide And we cover it all sit downs with real game changers in the sports world like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Shumate, who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It all Changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know, you're not Latina enough. First of All, what does that mean? My mouth Is wide open. Yeah. History makers like the Suka family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought to you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty. The story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions From the building of the core that included Clay Thompson and Draymond Green to one of the boldest coaching decisions in the history of the sport. I just felt like the biggest thing was to earn the trust of the players and let the players know that we were here to try to help 'em take the next step. Not tear anything down. Today the Warrior's Dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for What Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that like Mount Rushmore. For guys that have changed it, Come revisit this Magical Warrior's ride. This is Dub Dynasty. The Dubs Dynasty is still very much alive. Listen to Dub Dynasty starting April 8th on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates. Nate, we're we the energy line? We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay. We'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do, provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


If you remember. Think about it. Well, who do the kids love? The guy that, the guy that had a big, no, I don't, it's hard to say somebody had a bigger impact than Allen Iversson. Mm. Allen Iverson was the first one to start wearing the sleeve all. Well now damn near everybody wear the sleeve. Yeah. Allen Iverson, you couldn't go to the store and buy a five x t-shirt because he had up bought ball. He the one that buy, he the one that buy the G. And you couldn't find no 40 jeans because he ain't had them on his age. Yeah, he was the one that trained, they trained the dress code because of him. Yeah. Oh man. He was, you ain't lying. You ain't lying. Hey, I didn't knew a few of them Paul T too, but boy, look, I remember when the league changed the dress code.


Man, look, we used to come to the plane in sweat flip flops. Man, they took all that away. You had to come in that suit. Booted. Yeah. I was like, oh my god. Hey guys showed up. Hey Joe. You remember they came with do that couple with Durags. They had to durags all the tall teeth. I like y'all ain't fixing to do all these corporate sponsors. All this money. We spin it. Y'all finna clean this issue. Right. Hey Stern one going, he and he got everybody right. Oh yeah. Stern. I, I saw Tim Duney come pick his MBP trophy him with went flip flops and Short Soul Short. Oh that's classic. Hey, hey. I remember those days bro.


I remember those days. Those good times man. Hey, it kind of went, it kind of got back to that nano. Yeah, they you got all the guys are not coming. They, they used to. There was a time that You know su suit suit but You know, you see guys still coming with some sweat. Yeah. And man, and man say, look here. I ain't wear, I ain't spending no money on it. Hey I get all this free gear or I'm wear it. Yeah. I'm wear he do it right after the game. John calls called Ke ware, a pigeon on national television. Taylor Rooks asked Ja tell me everything about that last PE possession. Ja say a pigeon was guarding me. Go get a bucket and win the game. Hey Jay. Ja, Ja got a chill. Nah, hey kill that. My guy, he is from the crib. He is from Little. Hey we ain't, don't act like that.


Nah, don't act like that. Shit. Don't act like that. Hey, it was a great shot. K played great defense. It was a great shot. He made a tough shot, man. Give him his credit. Yeah. Yeah. You back tell I'm, I'm gonna tell you what I think happened in that game. The little guard was pissing him and impressing him so much. Yeah, the La Donovan kid. Yeah. Yeah. And kind of turned J on to the point to where he was trying to make a point. Right. And he kind of turned on and kind of got it, got got it, got it going. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Because he definitely got it going in the second half. Yeah. He got it going in the second half. Yeah. He turned up him, him and Hero. Yeah, because he said they was bullying him. They was bullying and he kind of got to him 'cause I think he had like 27 points in the second half. Yeah. And obviously hit, hit the game winner.


So that was exciting. It was a video game night for Giannis. Arthur KU for the Greek freak dropped the career high and assist. He became the first player in NBA history to have 35 points, 17 rebounds, 20 assists. The buck shot 52% from the three point range. The bucks are coming off a win against Tuesday in which they shot 69% from the field, which was the highest in an NBA game since 1998. And the 58 and 50, almost 59% from the three point range. Is there anybody, honestly Joe, is there anybody really as well as Giannis has played, Cleveland's been the best team in the east record wise. But is there anybody in the east that can challenge Boston?


Nah. Nah, but I'll tell you what, to start the season, I had the bucks making some noise man. Right. I know. It's been unfortunate, You know, with Dame going out, You know, with the calf injury, the blood clo things, and man we can't expect these type of numbers from Giannis every night, man. Right, right. Man, he played out his mind tonight and them other guys around him stepped up. They had to step up and make plays the man. How many his 50? He had 20. Oh man. Yeah, he did. And You know, in, in, in the post season, they don't let you get up and down and Giannis is like, he likes to get up and down. Yeah. He sees a crack. Hey. He like, hey, Giannis like a roach. He see a crack. He gonna slide through it, not get away from you.


So you can't squ it every time. Hey, hey, in the playoffs boxing elbows, baby, you gonna have to pass that thing. If them boys don't make, if if them boys gonna make eight, the nine threes together, okay, we gonna live with that. But you think with you Couldn get to this rim and have a dunk fist all night that we, I'm not going because You know, when somebody has 20 assists, there are a lot of shots being made. Man, man, a lot of shots being made. Yeah. It And I think everybody chipped in the night. They had a bunch of guys in double figures who made, who made quite a few threes. So obviously Yoss had it going. If he had 35 points, 20 assists. Right. And how many rebounds? He probably had about 18, 19, 17 rebounds. Woo. Man, them two. Hey hey Ojo them 2K numbers right there baby.


Yeah, it, It is. Hey, matter of fact, I'm I'm gonna go back to something you just said earlier right. Real quick and, and it just dawned on me. You said out the east there's no threat for the Celtics at all. Well if there's no threat for the Celtics, basically you're saying they're going back to the NBA finals Basically. Yeah. Okay. Well if they're going back to the NA finals, who do you see them facing out the west? And do they even have a threat out the west, let alone forget the east. Yeah. Yeah. They got a threat out in the west partner. Yeah. They got a threat. I'm who, who That who we talking about? I like, I like OKC, bro. I like OKC not only because they got shake, but because all them other dudes around them. Yeah. They know they role and they defend man.


They defend, they, they sit down, they sit in their chair and play defense OCHO and in the playoffs, that's what it's gonna come down to. And what they, the youngest team in the NBA? Yeah. They, they Are 24 years. All right man, they finna, hey, they gonna be getting up and down all night. Sha going average probably 42 minutes a game in the playoffs, right? Yep. And before eight minute ball game, he probably barely gonna sit down. They ain't gonna do nothing to him unless, unless, unless they, unless they blowing them out and You know, you try to blow somebody, You know, try to get some rest like that. But other than that, yeah. Your best players play the nv. Oh, the MVP race is coming down to the wire. SGA is on play pace to win his first scoring title. Right now he's at 32.9 points a game, the Thunder record 64 and 12.


They have an outside chance become the third team to win 70 games in the season. Okay. Season. Okay. Needs to win out to join the 95 96 Bulls in the 2015 16 Warriors as the only teams in NBA history to win 70 or more games in the regular season. Meanwhile, Nicola Loki Yoic, they just called him Yolk. Yeah. Has attempted to make history becoming the third player to, he had a third player to win four MVPs in a five year span. Joining LeBron 2008 to 2012, he won four Bill Russell 61 through 65. Unfortunately, yolk is not gonna win the MVP just like the first guy average of triple double Oscar Robinson. Yeah. Didn't win the MVP in that 61 62 season.


Yo can just averaging 29.7 points a game, 12.8 rebounds a game, 10.2 assist a game. And he's shooting 50, what, 54% from the field and 42% from the three. And unfortunately, Joe, he's not gonna win the MVP man. That dude is balling out of control. And I'm gonna be honest with you, I I love watching him play. I, I love how he plays at his own pace and he make guys around him better too. He's a willing pastor. Right. Which makes him harder to guard because You know, if you're double team, he gonna give it right up and them dudes making shots around him. Yes. But to be honest, my pick will be shady too.


I I enjoy watching Shady. I love his poise and patience, You know, throughout the game. And like I say, defensively, he is always gonna be tops and stills. He sits down, he sits down and play defense as well. Right. So I love both players man. But if I had a vote, I would probably be shake shake. You know what's gonna happen? It's gonna be a same situation. Like we go back, Joe And I being a student of the game, you go back and look at that 61 62 season Bill Russell won the MVP, but that was the year that Wilt averaged 50 and 25. Woo. That was the first year Oscar had a 30 point triple double Jared West averaged 30. Elgin Baylor was, was 30 and 18.


Mm. Connie you go back and look at that was the degree, statistically that was the greatest offensive season on record. Go back and look at those guys and look at the numbers. You're like, hold on. And when you hear like, we'll average hold, but how much did he average? 50 And what? We'll average 50 and 25. No, MVP 30 point Trooper 50 and 25. Yes. And he didn't win the MVP bill. Russell won the MVP that season. Yeah. But Jared West was like 36 and eight. Who else? Who, Elgin, Baylor, Elgin, Baylor averaged walked Elgin, Baylor averaged like 27 and 18 Walt Bellamy.


I mean the numbers were crazy. You go look at the top five, the top six guys Yeah. In the MVP race. Right. And probably any other year they win it. But Russell won it that year And I think we gonna go back 25, 30 years from now, we gonna look, they gonna pull up Nicole Yo's numbers and they gonna say ain't no in hell Who if he didn't win the mvp. Right. Who did? Right. Because that's the conversation we having now. Like you said, hold on. We'll average 50 and 25 and didn't win the MVP no B Boston Bill Russell. Them must have been putting Belt to ass at ya. They did. They won, they won eight straight titles.


So Yeah, they put, they, they they told every, they were tearing everybody up. Yeah. And then we'll say, y'all, y'all, y'all were playing with me. Did he came back in average 44 and 27 next year, just to let y'all know it wasn't the flute ocho. Yeah. Joe, what's up? I remember we, we talked about this a couple years last year. Ocho is that Mellow was feeling some type of way. He said, because they gave the 15 the Yage and I'm saying, And I said, Joe, bro, they took this man in the second round. Right. And when he got drafted, they were doing a Taco Bell commercial. They had no idea he was going to turn out to be this. Right. Because if they had that, it took his ass in the first round.


You don't run the risk of a a this is a, a transcendent player. Yeah. And taking him in the second round if you think you're gonna do anything. But unfortunately they're not gonna remember Carmelo wore that 15, that number belongs Toola Yoic. I mean I, it shouldn't listen, I as great as was playing right now, hold on. I don't I'm you not erasing with Carmelo did in that, in that NF 15. Now That man got three MVPs in the finals. MVPI tell you what, Joe, who won 34? Who won 34 in Milwaukee before Giannis, Ray Allen. Ray Allen. Do you remember Ray Allen in 34 ocho? Exactly. Oh, okay. Exactly. Hey, hey, hey, hey.


He was a bad boy with that 34. Yeah. He was Okay. Yes. Going on. Yes. Yes. But you look at what Giannis is doing, right? Oh yeah. Yeah. He, Hey we, that's what I don't like about us. Sometimes, sometimes we become a pri a prisoner of the moment And we forget what, what those before us actually did. You know? And I listen, I understand. I I love what joker's doing. I I love it. But we talking about the other 15, we talking about that. We talking about Mr. Mid range. Huh? In 10 years, Mr. Mr put the shoulder, Put the shoulder in your chest. I get all on man, all I get all that, I get all that in 10 years. Ain't nobody gonna remember that. Just like, you don't remember Ray Allen War 34 in Milwaukee?


Yeah. Because of what Giannis is doing. Do you realize what Aren you? I don't think you realize what this man is doing. Yo, I, Kevin, Joe, you played 18, 19 years. You know I studied the game. I've been following this game since 77, 78. Yeah. And I know a lot of the history what Yoic is doing. I'm sorry, Ocho. Yeah. Hey, think the, y'all think the big man gonna ever come back? No, man. Yeah, if he could shoot. No, you talking He gotta be, he gotta be able to shoot the three Shoot three. He gotta be like a yoic. Yeah, you gotta be, you gotta be one of those big, you talking about the big that just run his ass down to the block and play with his back to the basket.


Yeah. You call for the bone? No, the game, the game, Game game change. The Game has changed Over. That's over Joe. Hey. But I'm saying, You know, once, once in a while, You know every era we get a guy who come in, he may, You know, he, he built a little different from everybody else. Right. I think if you can dominate, You know, You know be the size of a seven footer who just unguardable down there, it'll come back. But now they don't train for it no more. Right. Exactly. Those guys work on, they post game for real. They all doing pick and pop shooting threes from different spots. So the game is totally different. They don't even raise him like that no more. Yeah. Yeah. And, and think about it. Look at Zach. Edie, man, you saw Zach Edie training, he's shooting three, he seven four. Look at Wi we be seven, four and a half.


Yeah. Seven, five with shoes and he ain't playing with his back to the basket. Right. Right. It's over Joe. It's over And you gotta got seven, five and he ain't playing with his back to the basket. Hey, the game Shade. I like Wendy though. I like Weby. He's a, I do too. He's a, he's a freak of nature bro. Like, they don't come like that. Yeah. See anything? Nope. Guys, look, I was in, as a matter of fact, I got a Carmelo signed jersey from him when he was a rookie. I know what Mellow is. Yeah. But I don't think you understand what you witness with Nicola Yoic. He's a three time league MVP and he did something that Melo didn't do, which is take this team to an NBA title. Right. And he was finals MVP and it was no question.


Lemme ask you a question. At any point in time in Mellow's tenure in Denver, was he the best player in the league? You are looking at the undeniable best player in basketball and he's been there for the last four to five years, right? Yeah. He probably won. Whether or not he, I'm not sorry to cut y'all off, he probably wasn't the best in the league, but that motherfucker was a handful of guard. Yes. We we not denying that. No, no. Right. We not denying that. You right, you right. But when you go back, when he in the league at Kobe, okay, you got Broun. Was he ever better than Broun? No he wasn't. Maybe you, you wanna say his rookie Y Shannon, he was better, but after that he's never been better than Bron. And then you get kd, Now you got Steph, Now you got James Harden.


Who, who better than Yoki, right? Yeah. Even though Shaa go win the mvp, I'm not taking Shaa over yo. Right. I'm not taking Giannis, I'm not taking Joelle and bead, I'm not taking nobody over one five in Denver currently. Right? Mm. And you sticking to it. Oh, I'm on that. Damn. That's what that man gave you a 60. That man gave you a a, a triple A 61 point, a 60 point triple double, a 60 point triple double. And that's video game. Video game. That was impressive. That was impressive. And, and, and hold on. Didn't he just give you, he just gave other day a 30, a 30 point, a 30, 20, 20 game just about a, a month ago. He just, I mean, and like you said, Joe, I mean you look at it, you are like, oh, I been, You know what happened, you look at this dude like, oh, I'm gonna give him buckets.


Oh yeah. And next thing You know, you look up there, he got, he done drop 40, 15, 18 on you. Listen, ain't ain't going be to jump two three inches off the floor. Nope. But he, he gonna get to it. He going to get into it. Hey, that man's smart. He's cerebral. He know how to use his body. His ii his I his IQ for the game. Yes. It is crazy. Yeah. Like when you watch him play, man, he just, you don't know whether he's gonna pass, shoot. But whatever he does, he does it at a efficient level. Yeah. And think about this ain't another Allstar on his team, it's another, it is not another all NBA player on his team. Not Russ, but Russ is far removed from being that Right. He won a title with no all NBA and no Allstar.


He doesn't have an all NBA defender Right. On his team. He doesn't have a defensive player of the year on his team. He doing that. Yeah. But he got, he got some great pieces around him now. Oh yeah. Very. With with with Gordon and Porter, You know, and, and Murray, they all those dudes know they roles and they all explode meaning, You know, I know yo gonna be consistent in this play, especially in the postseason, but those guys can't win you a playoff series. Right. For some playoff games. You know what I mean? Yes.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I am Camila Ramo in Pelotons first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur and almost most importantly Apre enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Atho is where sports music and fitness collide And we cover it all. Deva sit downs with real game changers in the sports world like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Shumate, who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It All changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know, you're not Latina enough. First of All, what does that mean? My mouth Is wide open. Yeah. History makers like the ska family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty. The story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions From the building of the core that included Clay Thompson and Draymond Green to one of the boldest coaching decisions in the history of the sport. I just felt like the biggest thing was to earn the trust of the players and let the players know that we were here to try to help 'em take the next step. Not tear anything down. Today the Warrior's Dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love For what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that like Mount Rushmore. For guys that have changed it, Come revisit this Magical Warrior's ride. This is Dub Dynasty. The Dubs Dynasty is still very much alive. Listen to Dub Dynasty starting April 8th on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League And I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the right, we're officially line mates. Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm vibe and Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Look, I I still say it is hard to say that there are two or three better combos than he and Murray when they get into that pick and roll and he picking and popping and Murray do it. He dancing on you and sidestepping you hitting threes and he can get to the rim and he can finish above the rim. Yeah. When they playing it, they hard to beat. Yeah, they hard to beat. And Now you got Michael Porter Jr. He's sidestepping and hitting threes. You got Gordon, he can hit threes And we know he can finish above the rim. Yeah. And I think, I think what those two guys don't get a lot of credit Porter and Gordon is defensively you can't go at them dudes. Them dudes hold their own defensively. Yes sir. You know, they play big, they play big in great moments for, for Denver.


So Right when they run into the Lakers or the sons, they got guys who can match up with KD and LeBron and, and make the, make their nice tough because, because Gordon is six eight with a big body. Yeah. So that's what he could do. So, because LeBron could damn near bully everybody. Yeah. But Gordon, Gordon might outweigh him. Right. And so it's hard for him to bully and play through him. Right? Yeah. Yeah. So he's Like, You know what I'm gonna make, you're gonna have to, You know, You know what, if you beat me shooting three either if you beat me in the midrange, I'm just not gonna let you pull, I'm not gonna let you finish to the rim. And they don't, a lot of times they don't bring help because they know if you bring help, bro know where that help coming from. Yeah. Yes sir. And he gonna be able to skip that ball to the open guy every time.


Yes sir. But the thing is, you gonna probably have two fifteens up in the Raptor in Denver. And that's the only way to do it because okay, Now you think Denver, you think Denver gonna retire Melo jersey. But I, here's the thing, most people know him as a nick. Yeah. Yeah. I think New York would, and they know him as a nick. Yeah. And then how he forced his way out of Denver. There are a lot of people that probably there, I mean ownership. He forced his way out of there and what, what he didn't realize in the process of going to New York and what he thought he was gonna have. Right. You forced him to give up everything. So Now you there by yourself. Yeah. You there by yourself because none of the pieces, they had to get up off of Lin already.


They had to get up off all those pieces. Yeah. They had to give up them pieces. And he got 'em already What year? Probably his second, third year now. Yeah. Excuse me. Yeah, but I think the Knicks are definitely a retired jersey. But they should. Yeah. Yeah. Yoman kind of took over that number 15 in, in in Denver, man. And he is been impressive bro. I know. I definitely see, I got a chance to play against him a few times and I ain't see nothing. Did you think you was gonna be this, did you, when you played it because you caught him early, did you think he was gonna be this? Nah, he was good then, but he wasn't like this. Like he, man, it's like every night he's just missed the consistency. Something different every night. So, You know, he gonna put up a triple double, You know, he going have probably 30, 40 points and it's just, if the guys around him gonna pitch you in and give him some help, whether they gonna win or not.


Yeah. I think that's the, that's been the biggest, the biggest thing. Who, who's gonna be consistent for yo. Yeah. Right. You know, especially when it comes to the postseason And I don't know, it's something about, it's something about Luca, it's something about Yoka, the way they play the game. It looks, it's so slow, so methodical. You can't speed up their game. They play at their own pace and they so efficient when they shooting every single time. Never in a rush. Never in a rush. Poison, patience at its finest. Man. I love watching them. And I think the thing I, I think the thing is is that when you're not as athletic as those guys, right? You have to develop fine ways to score. They're not jumping over everybody. Right. They're not jumping over anybody.


They're not gonna run around anybody. So what are other ways that I can be able to score, right? What are the other ways that I can get to my, get to my spot? Right? I can't let you speed me up because now I'm getting outside of my body. Yeah. Because that's not the way I'm built. So I think for, for those two guys, it's, they both can shoot the three and they can shoot at an efficient way, at an efficient level. So you have to get out there. So once they get a step on you and get by you Right. They in between game with them little floater cut shots that Yoki got and, and, and, and Luas got. Yeah. That's where it comes into play. Being able to see the corners out, the peripheral of your vision and making guys around you better. That's why they so hard to guard man. They, they are super unselfish, but at the same time, once they find a little precinct in, in, in, in, in your defense.


Yeah. And they get into the t your defense, they cause all kinda havoc with those little touch floaters and things like that. So that's, that's why they, they a tough matchup and they know how to draw files. Yeah. There we go. They know how to ba you ba you in the files. Since once Luca get a step on here, he going stop. Oh yeah. So can kind run into the back of me, let you run. Yep. You, you they both of 'em use their body real well. Hey, hey. It's Like, You know, so hey, a joke. Hey, somebody won't let you, won't let you get over. I'll speed up. Get in front, slam on the brake. Hey Joe. I had that happen. I was, I told Ocho last year I had that happen to me.


I was at the, I was at the light stoplight. The light turned green and so I see the light turn green. Yeah. So I, I I started to go. Yeah. But the guy in front of me didn't move man. We pulled to the side, he pulled over to the side. There was a guy at the tow truck at the seven 11. He had the tow truck. He come over there, he like, Hey, shut a sharp, how you doing man? He heard him say shut a sharp dude grabbed his neck and fell right in the middle of the road. Get outta here. I said, come on man, get outta here. I what? He grabbed the back of his neck, fell down the road. They called an ambulance to come get him. Hold on. You hit him. You, you ran to the back of him going two miles an hour. I did $200 worth of damage. I broke the, I broke the license plate on the back of his car.


Hey, hey. He, he was fine until the guy told him my name wasn't nothing wrong. He was like, Hey, hey. The moment he heard Shannon's chart that gonna grab the back neck. Hey. Hey, what you say? He fell out and he fell out in the middle of the road right there beside the road. Oh man. Oh the man man put that neck brace on for two weeks. Just in case anybody was watching him. Huh? Oh, he got collected. That's and then that's funny. And then he, he tried to sue me and then talking about, well I'll settle for, I'll settle for $2,000 and some memorabilia signs. I said f you. Hey, that's, that's funny that bro Joe, lemme ask you this, gimme your all time. Starting five. Oh man. Joe Johnson, you the head coach. Gimme your starting five all all time.


All time. So past starting five all time. I'm going see I like big guards man. I'm a big guard. Yeah. I like, I grew up watching Penny Hardaway. I'm gonna put Penny at the one. Okay. Okay. I'm gonna put MJ at the two. Okay. I'm putting LeBron at the three. Okay. I'm putting ticket B kg I'm putting ticket at the four. Okay. I like that. And I'm putting, I'm putting Shaq at the five five, bro. Five. I like it. That's, that's a good list. God damn you, you left magic.


You left Magic at the point And you left Tim Ducky. Hey, I, I love all of 'em but I can only go with five. I ain got with five. Yeah, I ain't got a five. That's my five. That's my five. I'll give you, I actually left. Did I leave Kobe off of there? You Left Kobe. You left Kobe. You, you put Jordan, you put Jordan at the two. I I'm a huge Kobe. I had to go with mj. I went with mj. What you want? Do Talk to me? Who? Your five Who? Your who? Your all time. Five Magic at the one Jordan bro. Duncan. Kareem. You got Kareem over Shaq? I do.


I don't think Kareem could do nothing with Shaq. Uhuh What, what Shaq gonna do with Kareem? Who gonna stop that Sky hook? Okay. So both of 'em got 40 because You know ain't nobody blocking that sky hook. Yeah. You ain't seen nobody block that sky hook. I ain't seen, I ain't seen nobody block that sky hook. But You know, like I seen Kareem play. I just, You know, obviously I wasn't, I wasn't really watching. I wasn't around at that time. Right. But I seen Shaq man. I played against Shaq. Yeah, I'm talking about at his api. Yeah, I'm talking about, man it was no stopping that dude brother. No, I'm talking about I don't care what you did. You wasn't stopping that. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, my team gonna blow the doors off.


You. You think so? Yeah, I Oh nah. Nah, I ain't going Ain't And you said you said blow the doors? Yeah, he had harder. I got, Listen, I got, he had Hardaway. He had Jordan. We both got Jordan tell You tell about I can't pick Jordan. I'll take Kobe. If you say what's your, Hey I already got mj. I'll take Jordan. Man. MJ ain't letting no. Hey now if you say well I already got LeBron, I'm gonna take Bird. So I got, if you tell me, so if I'm taking an all time And you say, okay, who your all time to start? Five. Right. I'm gonna say magic Jordan. LeBron did the three dunking at the four And, and, and Kareem at the five.


You took Penny at the one. Jordan did the two. LeBron did the three ticket at the four. Shaq at the five. Man we a it gonna be a good game. Nah, unc, y'all gonna lose. Huh? Hey, hey, hey Chad. We gonna put it up. Hey, hey, hey. Put it up there. Put it up there. We gonna see, we gonna see who, who team they think gonna win. Oh I got, I know I got uncle gonna listen. Nah, nah, nah, nah. Now. Yeah, now with Magic. Yeah, I know Magic gonna control the game. I feel like Joel is, I think, I honestly think him and Penny going to kinda cancel each other out. I just don't think, And I know you gonna say Magic got what?


Fire rings and Penny ain't got nothing. But I'm talking about Penny at his apex. Yeah. Yeah. He was, he was probably, he was almost better than Jordan. Like he was selling more, he was selling more product than MJ at one point. Oh that little with that little penny do. Yeah. Hey, but when but when? Hey hey Joe. When them phone, when them phone pos came out like that? Oh yeah. That, that Galaxy blue a, a royal blue getting them phone positive came Man Stop. Hey, hey look. Hey look Uncle Joe. Hey. Him and MJ still making big money off Nike. Oh, oh yeah. Absolutely. Oh yeah. They done change the game. Absolutely. Alright Joe, you wanna talk about Joe has a yoga studio. What, what's the studio called?


Iso Yoga. We've been open for low over a year now. I got into hot yoga, huh? Be Yeah, Bikram. Bikram style 26 and two. Okay. I got into it in 2009. I dealt with a lot of injuries, tendonitis, things of that sort. And I was just looking for a way to heal myself, bro. Getting in that hot room, letting that heat penetrate your muscles, joints, tendons, things of that sort. It was beneficial for me. And I just trying to, right now I try to get a lot of the young guys in 'em, get it started early. 14, 15 years old. A lot of young athletes because they'll improve performance, decrease injuries, which is huge and enhanced cardiovascular things of that sort.


And I just try to help these dudes man along the way. So, You know, you, you can find different ways to kind of challenge yourself and be a better athlete. You know what I mean? Are you, are you on ig? Are you on? So how, how, how do they find you? Yeah, we on Instagram, ISO yoga, you can look us up. We right in midtown of Atlanta right across from Leys Mall. I'm in there pretty much. I'm in there pretty much every day. Yeah. And man, we have a great, great community who comes out and it shows us so much love and support and it's been amazing because this has been a challenge for me. A I played, I've been playing basketball since I was, man, what, 14, 15 years old.


Yeah. And now I finally, You know, it is just slowed down for me. And now I got a chance to kind of have a job to, to some degree. You know, I go in and kind of, You know, as, as as as we have different people who come in the studio to take class. Whether it's Pilates, whether it's yoga. 'cause we got Pilates as well. Right, right. We got cryotherapy, we got red light therapy. So people coming for different Yeah. People coming there for different reasons. And I implemented all this to yoga because this is what I used on a day to day basis when I was playing professional basketball. I like the Bakrem yoga, I like Bakrem Joe. It was just so hard. 'cause I'm a sweater. It was just so hard for, it's so, it was so hard for me to stay hydrated. Right. Yeah. So I, I would just like 30 minutes in the class, I'm locked up because I done, I done gone through a gallon, I done gone through a gallon of water, Joe And I, and but lemme ask you this and also do you find that you're still able to get into, because I know when you warmed up, you really warm, you could really get in those, get into those poses.


Yeah. Do you find that, that you're still able to get, your muscles are still, and you're still able to be able to be as flexible when the temperature is not as hot? Nah, that's, that's my thing. So I tried regular yoga. See when I was in college, coach Nolan Richardson up in Fayetteville, Arkansas playing for the Razorbacks. He used to have, he used to have this lady come by. She would do yoga with us on the court, but it was cold. Right. You know, I couldn't really, yeah. I wasn't never a flexible dude, so I couldn't really get into it like that. So when I became a professional athlete and it was brought to me, yeah. I, I I can't do the just room temperature. I gotta be in the heat man. I need, I'm a heat junkie. Right. I gotta be in the heat because my muscles and joints opens up and I just feel so much better.


Man. I, I like that. This, it's funny, You know, Joe, I I I played for, You know, 11, 12 years, but I ain't never had no injuries. I I never got hurt. So I never did anything. You know, like yoga, Pilates and honestly, I can't sit still that long unless it has anything. Unless it has to do with gaming. You know, playing fifa, playing Call of Duty, playing Madden, playing 2K, I can't sit that that long. Then you've added the, the, the element of it being hot in there, You know. So now me, who now I'm, I'm 57. I'm never done nothing like that. But now I'm interested in trying it, You know, You gotta chill. You gotta chill, you gotta chill. Nah, you gotta chill. You gotta chill. For real. I'm serious. You gotta chill. Listen, you be having a lot going through your head. Nah, nah.


Hey, You know What? You just can't be still. You just can't be in a hot room and be still and just be calm. And I can't, I can't, I can't. But this is do He, I'm gonna come, I'm coming to Atlanta. Need be able, he need to be able to think of lies on the, on the move. Yeah. I got got, And we in the yoga, he, he's stationary too long. Yeah. And his mind is, But listen, this is what I'm Gonna do to Yeah. The mind, the the, the body benefits through movement, but the mind benefits through still. So you have to, you have to practice it man. You have to practice stillness when you, because see, when you be in that high room, you gonna be under a lot of, you gonna be under some stress. Right. But the thing is, everybody's under stress. We all just handle it a little differently. Different. Yes sir. You know what I mean? Yes, sir.


And, and that's the thing. That's, that's the part of yoga mentally that, that takes you to a place probably you've never been, bro. Like, it makes you, it it increases the focus and concentration I think when it comes to athletics especially. Yeah. It helps me out tremendously in that aspect. I've, I'm, I've tried it all Joe. I've done beef room, I've done Tonga, I've done Pilates with the mega reformers. I've done it all. Hey, I tried everything. That's one thing. That's why when I, when I walked away from the game, I ain't looked back. 'cause I know I had invested I all the, from yoga to Bikram, to Tonga, to Pilates, to the way I trained, to the way I ate. I ain't got nothing else to give. I'm kept It kept you Right.


Kept you strong on it. Did it, did I I I was flexible. I still had to have both hips replaced, Joe. But hey, You know what? I might check it out. I might, I I might straight through there. Hey man, y'all come down here. Hold on. I'm coming. Come, come highlight. I got you. I'm gonna take care of y'all man. I'ma get y'all right. Hey look, Ocho. SV baby. We wanna still be able to move around. Oh, hey, Hey Joe. Listen. What? Lemme tell you something. You see I take one of these right here. I take one of these frogs. I can move now. Hey, hey, I can move Joe. Hey Joe. Hey. Oh Joe, I don't need to do one of this right here. That's only I need to move And I need to do that other stuff. You talking about Joe, I don't need to do all that. You doing too much now?


Hey Joe, man, we appreciate you joining us, man. Come back and join us again soon, man. Already. Hey, hey, I appreciate y'all man. Much love. Thank you. Thank for Joe. Appreciate that. That sir. Hey, by the way, Joe, your team won. Whose team is better? You beat me. 60, 60, 60, 60 34. Come on. I told you. Yeah. Hey, I know a little bit. I know a little bit. I know a little bit. Appreciate Joe. All okay. That, that was good. Oh man, that was good. Oh, Joe, that was great man. Enjoyed, enjoyed, enjoyed, enjoyed that. But I see, I see it from time to time around here. Yeah. When I, when I come back to Atlanta, I do, I do see him from time to time. Yeah. But I'm gonna check his place out. Next time I come to Atlanta, I'm, I'm gonna set some time aside.


I'm gonna go down there and check out and see what he got going on. That's dope. The Volume.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game. Right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia Is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed, LPT tool winner and six time Lady European tour winner And Keira Kay Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. And We've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira. We are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, an IHeart win sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us an iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty, the story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions. Today. The Warriors Dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that Mount Rushmore, Come revisit this Magical Warrior's ride. Listen to Dub Dynasty starting April 8th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.