
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


Hey friend, I know how this feels. Waking up exhausted after multiple trips to the bathroom and feeling embarrassed by sudden leaks. I used to be constantly on edge searching for a restroom whenever I was out. Then I discovered better woman. I was skeptical at first, but two months in, everything changed. I experienced improved bladder control. No more heart stopping moments when I laugh or sneeze. Less urge to go deeper and more restful sleep. I finally felt like myself again. Confident and in control. Better woman is natural, effective, clinically tested and trusted by women for over 25 years. Ready to take back your control. Head over to be better now. Dot com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Use as directed individual results may vary


The Volume. Anthony Edward said The wolves haven't done anything yet. After eliminating the Warrior, there's no satisfaction. We just got here. We haven't done anything yet. Who do you think is coming out? Who do you think is coming outta the west? Man? Listen, Listen. Denver. Denver and OKC. Okay, pull this out. That OKC and and Minnesota series gonna be ridiculous. I think it goes seven games.


That's gonna be nice. I I think it goes seven. It's gonna be, it's gonna be, so the X factor for that, for that series will be, oh, what's her name? I'm fricking Jay Daniels. No left-hand, left-handed. I just talked. Oh shit. Brain freeze. Brain freeze. Oh, Mike Ley. Oh, ju Randall. Oh, ju yeah. Randall's gonna be the X factor in that series because I'm gonna say this two, the two seven footers were cancel out each other with Nas Reed and Rudy Goldberg. I think, I think Che Chet and Hard Stein. I I think it's going, I think they can, I think they can cancel each other. I you can give, I can you can give Chet a little nod a little bit.


I think over just slightly maybe, but not, I'm putting Chad, I'm putting Chad on Gobert. I'm letting Hartenstein, who's a little bigger body. A little bigger body. I'm gonna let him, but Chad can't bang with Julius. No, no. But too light. Too light. Too light. But, but Julius put the ball too four too much for the other guys Stone. They ain't gonna be able to guard per Yeah, definitely. I think the, the wolves. And, and, and, and, and so Shay, Shay and Ant gonna cancel each other out. Yeah. And then we gonna have to see Jalen Williams, Jayden McDaniels. How those guys, how those guys, how do they perform?


Just Conley and Brown? How did they perform? It gonna be interesting. Well, we, we already picking that KC going beat them. But I mean, different predicated that a a Gordon ain't hurt. If he hurt now. I mean, yeah. All bets off for me too. Yeah. I, I agree with that. If he's hurt, if he's hurt, all bets off for me. Yeah. Yeah. But Denver is tough though. Denver could be, Denver could fuck around, pull this shit off. They pull, they pull this off. Shit, man. It's gonna be tough for somebody to beat them too. They can be. It's gonna be tough. I mean, listen. Yeah, they got, I mean, like I said before, I think Kurt, I think Murray and Joker are two, two special successful guys. And they do, they, they got closer. Most teams, only most teams in the league now only got one closer and they got two.


Yeah. They got two guys that can finish you up. Yep, yep. Is an man the next face of the NBA. I mean, if he wants it, I think he can be. I mean, I think, I mean, but you said something interest. You said if he wants it. If he wants it. But I think, I mean, right now, the, usually the face of the NBA is who's, who's always on all the commercial, who's on all the commercials right now. Jt Yeah. So, so he didn't, he he's in that spot already, You know? I mean, it is what it is. But, You know, ant man, listen, he's a savage, You know, and I, he got a great personality and I just love his work ethic and I love his mentality, man. I do too. I, I think it's, I I love guys who don't, who who, who just want, he won't.


He, he don't, he ain't ducking nobody. And I love that. You know what I'm saying? Like, whoever's in front of me, let's go. Let's, let's go. But it made the best man win that day. Well, I mean, I think Aman is in this fair show of commercials too. Oh yeah. Yeah. I definitely think those two are in the lion's share of the commercials move going on. Yeah, but Hit is the more Go ahead commercials. Huh? Ton was in more the NBA commercials. Yeah. We'll get you outta here with this one. The Rockets are reportedly open to trade at re Sun Goon for a deal for Giannis. The prospect of adding Giannis and the Blockbuster deal viewed is intriguing within the Rockets organization.


It's gonna take more than Sheung Goon to get it. Is it? Oh, I mean, hell yeah. To get Giannis. What's the salaries? What? Giannis? He's about to end a three year deal. 1 75. It starts next year, three years. 1 75. What's on Goon mate? What's the go man? I don't know what his salaries, 'cause that's bad. Goon probably made 30 mil. No, he he ain't get paid. He got paid, didn't he? 30 bills is getting paid Matrix. Damn. Yeah. Yeah. You making feedback? He working for minimum wage? He got more than that? No, no, 37. Okay. Okay. He got 37, almost 40. I mean, so they gonna throw somebody else in that deal. I wouldn't exactly. I wouldn't be surprised they would throw Jalen Green in that deal.


I told Ocho that Ocho looked at me like I had seven. Oh, hey, yeah. You like, you like you, you think they'll keep Thompson over Green? Hell yeah. Damn. Yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah. I would. I love Jalen your 3D guy. I love Jalen, but Yeah. Who talk? I mean, I like, look, I, I, I think, I think Jalen Green is an amazing Yes. Yeah. I mean, you see game two, he dropped 38, but he's too inconsistent and, and, and, and, and what I need now in order to win a championship or to his consistency. Yeah. Right. And I think Almond Thompson gives me more consistency. So you can always, so yes, I do think they would part, I I do think they would part with Jalen Green and I think Jalen Green can be a far, once he get that consistency down, I think he's gonna be okay because he's a hell of an offensive player.


Yeah. He can shoot the three, he can play above the realm. Yeah. Need to work on his mid, but okay. He can get to the hole. But Armand Thompson right now, Ocho I think, I think Shung go and, and Green. Yeah. And make and, and some draft picks. Dang. I really ain't, listen, I'm, I'm just saying I'm, listen, I really thought Young Bull was, was, was the future, You know, just, just maybe not of the league, but the future for the Houston Rockets. Yeah. And taking that next step and evolving to being one of the better players. I mean, You know. Yeah. But I mean, you gotta look at it from this standpoint. You, you talk about getting GNI at 30 years old and You know what I'm saying? And You know what I'm saying?


You got like, trying to capitalize on the window he got of being, being in his prime to win another championship. So if you can get, if you can make that happen and get him down there and you can, you can find, you can find some of the pieces to put around him and like keep, keep the, keep that Veteran Van Fleet down there and Thomas and a couple other man. Listen, I I, I like Uncle Jeff down there too. Uncle Jeff down there, man, You know? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Jeff, Jeff Good for Ross. Saw another veteran guy down there if he gonna stick around and man, I'm telling you, they can, they can, they can make something happen out there. They was, they was really good this year. Man, listen, I, I'm, man, they did a great job down there, You know what I'm saying? And I, I was happy to see them do that.


I was, I I was optimistic. They can pull, they probably could have beat Golden State, but they just wasn't, they wasn't disciplined enough. And they ain't had no closure. No, they don't have a closer. Nope. They have no closer. They, they're by committee. They're by committee team. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Alright, Matrix, we going tell the people where they can find yet on social media. IG X Matrix 31 I think is on everything. Okay. That's what's up. So, hey, make sure y'all go follow Matrix 31. Oh ig Facebook X what? TikTok What else they got? I don't even do TikTok. I got one, but I don't even do it really though. Yeah, you ain't got no TikTok. I do, but I don't do it man. I, I'll be, I Oh, you got Snapchat?


Got Snapchat. Don't be calling me on, bro. Hey, y'all make sure y'all got, y'all gonna make sure y'all go fi follow Sean Barry in the Matrix. Hey Matrix, thanks for joining us, giving us a little bit of your time tonight. We appreciate it. Check back in with us when you get some free time, bro. Will do, will do. Appreciate you guys man. Always love. Have a good one man. Keep it up. Good up. That was Sean, me a four time Allstar, two time all NBA champion with the Dallas Mavericks, one of the great two-way players. 3D guy turned himself, had a very unorthodox shot, but he went in. So it doesn't matter how pretty the shot is. Does he go in God seen some pretty guys that miss all the time. Oh, Joe, in the book, American Kings a biography of the quarterback, Arthur ESPN's reporter Seth Wickersham describes how Caleb Williams was so concerned about being drafted by the bears that he and his family weigh in circumventing the entire NFL draft.


They spoke the lawyers to find a way around the league CBA and consider signing in the us. UFL Chicago is the place where quarterbacks go to die. Carl Williams, who's his dad, said ahead of the draft, according to the book, in addition, none of the Bears coaches last season told Caleb Williams to watch film or give him zero help. No one tells me what to watch. I just turn it on O Joe. Yeah. What do you break about that revelation? I mean, it's obviously, I mean, you look at what, what the, what has happened to all the quarterbacks who have been a part of the Bears organization and you could understand why Caleb Williams and his father felt that way. Yes.


Felt that way for a reason. You know, look how they treated everybody that's come through that organization that has played the position and the quarterbacks that did have success, they had success simply because the defenses in Chicago at the time were amazing. Really good. So all you had to do was just facilitate and don't turn the ball over and defense will take care of everything else. Yes. I think Caleb Williams is in a great situation now. Unc especially with the supporting cast they have around him. The addition of Ben Johnson and the rest of the coaches on that staff. I think this is gonna be the Bear's best year yet. And they're gonna surprise a lot of people. Every football season. The main guns are always in contention.


Your Eagles, your bills, your Ravens Bengals. If we start off to a fast start, your chiefs the Lions and for some reason, I don't know why, and, and you, you, you can quote me on this and that goes for everybody else in the chat. The Bears will be in contention and one of those teams buy in for a playoff spot. And challenging for Lombardi simply because of not just the quarterback play, but with a great understanding of what Ben Johnson and his and his offensive creativity can do for a skillset for the skillset that Caleb Williams has. And I'm, I'm going out on a limb and I'm saying that because I saw what he did in Detroit with Jerry Goff.


Yeah. And he has a more athletic look. I'm not, I'm not surprised by this Carl Williams, who's Caleb Williams father. It is his job to protect his son and put him in the best possible situation. I don't have any problem with that because he said, look, you look at all the quarterbacks, Mr. Trubisky, you look at Justin Fields, you look at Rex Grossman, you look at all the quarterbacks they've had. They they have, they haven't had any luck with the quarterbacks. No, No. It Is what it is. I mean, saying. So he's well within his right to make sure that he's trying to put him son, his son is going to the best situation that gives him the best chance to succeed. Now, about the, what do you think about the, the watching film?


Not giving the, the, the, the coaches not giving him any direction? Ah, I I don't, I don't know. That's tough. That's tough right there. Especially at that position. Before you touch the field, the only way to prepare is by watching film on your opponents and knowing what you're gonna see, You know, day to day, week to week. So I, it is hard for me to believe that, that there's no instruction in that area, especially for the most important position on the field. Who has to know everything that's going on, especially your opponent. So that, that's, that's, it's, I don't know that, that's a little tricky. Unc I think maybe they thought you were quarterback played in the top five program.


Hmm. You got that where you were at USC, maybe they just took for granted. 'cause a lot of times they, they take for granted like, bro, you played a big time program, bro. We ain't gotta go over that. We could go ahead and skip that step and start getting to something else. Right Now, I just wanna say this for us, for me, the way we got tape Cutups ocho, it was first and third, first one third and one to 3 30, 3 to five, third and long. Yes sir. But we had Cutups cover one, cover two, cover three, cover four, two man cover six, You know, whatever the case may be. So it was broken down so we watching it.


Mm. And so we see this is what they do in cover three. This is the front they give us. This is the coverage they play behind. Said front. Yeah. I don't know. And like I said, I, I think maybe it was a situation they thought he already knew how to watch film. Everybody. I didn't know how to watch film 'cause we really didn't have to watch film Mocho hell HBCU playing man coverage. Hell, what the hell you Think you gonna get? There wasn't nobody disguising nothing. There wasn't no cover two, it wasn't no single high. It wasn't no six kick. Right. It wasn't no 88. It wasn't no box post. It wasn't none of that. Right. It was, man, I went out there expect to be man. Right. I I need people ro what he doing?


Why he ain't I, oh Joe, I playing Alaska. Why he ain't got me mad? What he doing? Right, right, right. But nah, it's, it's covered too. What the hell is cover too. So dad had to break me all the way down in order to build me back up. Fuck up. Yeah. And nobody made me feel stupid that I didn't know that. No. I went to a, I went to a program. I went to an HBCU ocho. We ain't got, we didn't have receiver coach, tight end coach. So we have all that. Yeah, No, and, And that's, that's one of the things that I really enjoyed Unc, that it's, it's, it's not glorified on my end because of of my style of playing the way I played the game. Yeah.


But I, I was a student of the game. Huh. Yeah. That's, that's a part of it that people didn't even realize. I wasn't able to go out there and do what I did by not studying like a goddamn bird. You know, because it, it is overshadowed by the fun and the entertainment and the celebrations and the, and the flamboyancy and all the, all the shit talking. But dude, unc, but when it was time to watch film, oh my goodness. I needed to know everything. Yeah. I need to know everything. I need to know what they, Travis was our person who broke down our film for me. He was our, he was our camera guy, our video guy Yeah. Department. I had him break down all the clips of the previous four games of the individual. You know, I got the number one corner every goddamn game, Travis, I need everything on first, second, and third down.


Right. On these down and distances in our, in our, in our, in our area. Before we get across the 50. And when we cross the 50, what they like to do, what covers am I gonna get? Is he gonna bump? Is he gonna play? Is he gonna play, man, I'm, I'm looking at everything. Is he a shade inside? Is he head up? Does he like, does he like outside leverage? You know, when a safety comes in. So I'm talking about everything. I can tell you, I can tell you based on down and distance, I could tell you what thing gonna run when I'm coming out the huddle. Yeah. And I, and I know it and I knew it. That's why I had such a confidence in my approach to the game because I studied like a goddamn, like a nerd. That's, that's the only reason where that confidence came from.


It wasn't, it wasn't about my talent or my skill or You know, me running rousing. Just, I know what you doing before you even do it at the snap of the ball. And that, that just, oh my god, man. Now towards the end of my career when my body, when my body wa wasn't able to react, You know, the way it was when I was, when I was in my prime, being able to study film and knowing what was happening before it happened gave me a little bit of a edge when I might have lost a step a little bit. Yeah. But Yeah, and I think that's the thing you look at down the distance, I mean we going over the, what they like to do in down a distance, what they like to do in red zone. What did I like to do back? They got you backed up.


This is the coverage they like to play. But that was always on the tape. Yeah. And so I'm looking and then, so like I said, I could guys, I'm look, and I'm not trying to, I'm not trying to belittle anybody. I'm just saying maybe they thought this is something that he already knew. And so they didn't give him the instructions that he need me. I'm looking at it from the way we had it in Denver. It was broken down. You plug, hey, third in one to three, cover one every time, 31 to three, cover 2 31 to three quarters, 31 to three six, 2 million. Okay. 30 and five 30 long backed up midfield, red zone.


Hey. And You know, when they Play eight okay nickel, we will, hey, this is the coverage. Hey, they don't gonna play a handful of coverage. They're not gonna get all that get too exotic. They like stay. They, they, they might do a couple of things that they try to catch you off guard. But when they're in nickel defense is what they like to play. Yeah.


Hey friend, I know how it feels. Waking up exhausted after multiple trips to the bathroom and feeling embarrassed by sudden leaks. I used to be constantly on edge searching for a restroom whenever I was out. Then I discovered better woman. I was skeptical at first, but two months in everything changed. I experienced improved bladder control. No more heart stopping moments when I laugh or sneeze. Less urge to go deeper and more restful sleep. I finally felt like myself again. Confident and in control. Better woman is natural, effective and trusted by women for over 25 years. Ready to take back your control. Head over to be better now.com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Uses. Directed individual results may vary


In honor of military appreciation month. Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 9 9 or more with new line on eligible plan gift cards sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% a PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms apply.


Hey, You know who the worst was to watch on Fairmont. It works because You know, you study coverages and you study things that teams like to do. But they had the personnel, the goddamn ravens and the goddamn Steelers during the two thousands. Yeah, they got exotic. Man. They doing all type of exotic shit toy. That's Rick Ryan, that's Ryan. Especially On we on camera. Go. I'm off, I'm off. Yeah, I can't see you. I'm gonna wait till you come back. Okay. Well, well anyway, UNC anyway chat. Listen, the goddamn Ravens and the Steelers from the two thousands, that 2000 era, all that cover, two and 50.


Oh they had all type of exotic stuff that just, it was like, it was confusing. So no matter how much film you watch, there was no telling what you gonna get on game day. I come out the goddamn huddle, You know, I'm a split tight. I'm looking at, I'm looking at the safety, where the goddamn safety at. Hey, I'm looking goddamn Troy poll Marlo in the goddamn a gap. What in the fuck is you doing in the goddamn a gap? So I'm hype. I'm thinking I'm looking at Carson. I'm hitting Carson over that he, because I'm thinking of just me and I Taylor one-on one man, UNC, I'm looking inside at the snap of the ball. I look back up, I'm running my route this goddamn Troy and got way back to the, to the goddamn third at the snap of the ball.


Yep. What doing that damn ed Re uncle. Yeah, ed, he playing safety. He all the way in the back like his puppy turn. Yep. Whatcha you doing? This turned down. So Ed is doing the opposite of what most, what most safety's do. They sit there and they backpedal back Ed playing the game the opposite way. He start back and come forward. Yep. I love playing the Raiders and the Chiefs because you ain't getting my man coverage. Oh Boy. The Raiders man to man chiefs man to man. And they right in your face. Dale Carter and, and and James Hasty right here.


And they had, they had Albert Lewis and Kevin Ross. Yeah. And with the Raiders, they had James Wa they had Washington. Huh. And they had Tmac. Kevin mcd. Yeah, yeah. Right there. They right there. You know what you're getting Every time. Hey Mike, come in and say it's real simple this week guys. You gotta beat man coverage. Now if you can't beat man coverage, you either coaching or selling cars. Now my coaching staff filled up. I can't hire you, John. You hired anybody. You got these salespeople you need to hire. Nope, coach, I'm good. Okay. You gonna be without a job. Yeah. Wickersham also said the Williams family thought of publicly attacking the Bears and the city of Chicago to try to force a trade concerned that the team would refuse to trade to him regardless and cause a worse situation.


Caleb told Hamm, I wasn't ready to nuke the city. I can do it for this team. I'm going to be the, I'm going to, I'm going to the Bears. I, I like, I like it, I like it and I'm, I'm too. I know a lot of people might have, might have, might, might say what I just said. You know, it's laughable. It's a joke. They're, they're shit franchise. They might not like, like Caleb Williams fool for whatever reason. But I'm telling you, you got a quarterback like that and you get an offensive coordinator with that kind of creativity, understanding the strengths and the weaknesses of the supporting cast that Caleb Williams has around him. Man, he, I I think the sky's Limit, look at the additions that he got. They fortified that offensive line. Yes. They drafted another offensive weapon at the tight end position.


You got Rome Dunay, you took no more overall you just resigned. Redid DJ Moore. So you've got weapons out the yin yang, you've fortified it. So he should not be getting attacked from the defensive perspective like he had. Yeah. Like he got last year. So with that be, I think they got Joe, they got Joe Tooney and then they sign, they got from the Rams, then they get the offensive lineman from the Rams. But they, they've fortified their offensive line. Yeah. Now look, he's gonna have to do a better job of not holding, getting rid of the football sometimes. You gotta know when the journey's over, throw it away live to see another day. Don't take your team outta field goal range and don't make it third and long. Some things is gonna be in his hand. And I think he has a better understanding of that, having played the game Right.


Got a year up under his belt Ocho things will slow down for him this year. Yeah, I know he is gonna put the work in. I've talked to the young man and, and I know he's gonna put the work in and so I'm excited that, that's a very tough division. Ocho. Yeah. Hey, I mean you got green. I mean, think about it. Green Bay went to the playoffs last year. Minnesota went to the playoffs last year. Detroit went to the playoffs last year. Yeah. And, and listen, I'm Chad quote me and remember this, whatever day it is, it's Friday. Friday May 16th. I guarantee you the Bears look like a totally the day Thursday. It is. Well it depends on where you are. Okay. I'm in LA but my computer says it Thursday still.


Alright. Thursday. Yeah. But I'm telling you the Bear the Bears, every year there's a team every year there's yeah, There's, there's a couple of teams that pop up. You know, they didn't think they were gonna be in the playoffs and they end up being there. Yes. You know, I ahead of time and I'm, I'm rarely wrong when I, when I'm, when I have my takes, even though they might sound terrible at times, but for some reason they always, they they turn into fruition. The Bears Who didn't sign Offensive line And that goddamn Jalen Johnson. Yeah, Jonah Jackson. Yeah. So they fortified the offensive line ocho, they spent big money. Yep. They got a center from the Falcons. They got offensive linemen from the Rams and they got Joe Tooney, who's a Pro Bowl player who's been an all pro.


So they've done, they've done what they should do. Yeah. To make sure the offense flows smoothly. I think Caleb Williams takes another step. He gets better. I think they take off, but they don't have a choice because they're in one of the toughest divisions in football. Yeah. Man. In one of the toughest division. It might be the toughest division considering they had three teams represent the, the NFC in the playoffs. Yeah. Three of them, four teams represented the playoffs. Yeah, they are, they are. I mean they had what a f what a 15 and two team, A four or a 15 and one or a 15 and two team. They had a 14 to a 14 and three team and they had what, a 10 and seven or 11 and 16.


So probably gonna take you 10 wins. 11 wins just to make the playoffs ocho they Yeah. And I believe they have, they have the talent. I mean, like I said, I think that they did, they did what they need to do offensively to make sure, because at the end of the day you ain't doing nothing. I don't care how good your defense is. If your offensive trash, you ain't going nowhere, bro. You're not, you wasting your time. And so they was like, look, we got the number one overall draft pick. Let's cut down on some of these sacks. He was the, I think he was the most sack quarterback in the NFL. So if he can take 20 sacks off of that number, get his completion percentage up, I think he was 62% getting that up around 66, 67. Yeah. I'm gonna be alright. I think they'll be fine because I like what the bear, I like what the bears have done.


I like the higher of Ben Johnson. I love the addition of the tight end from Michigan. Although I thought Warren, the guy from Penn State was better. Penn State. Yeah. And my estimation, he was better to me if I had to, if I had to grade him, that's what I would do. But hey, they went with who they thought was gonna be the best in their situation. I don't have a problem with that. But I mean, you hear rumblings behind the scenes that, You know, he's thinking about Chicago, it might not be the place for him considering they Havet developed a quarterback an extended period of time. Hell, I don't know if they've ever developed a quarterback. You have to go back. Wait, like I said, they have Rex Grossman. What was the guy that got from Purdue ended up going to the Broncos.


Kyle Lorton. Yeah, I remember Kyle. Yeah. Yeah. So look, it was reported that he wanted to go to Minnesota because he and O'Connell hit it off. Right. He said, man, I'd really love to play. Maybe he saw, maybe he saw a, a jet over there. Parkinson Addison. Woo. That that probably didn't hurt either. But I think he did. I think he's in a great situation. Look, you win in Chicago.


You win in Chicago, they gonna love you. That's an old school team. They love their bears. They've been around it this thing for a hundred plus years. They love the Bears. They love the Bears players. That was a football town. I mean they love the cubbies too now. So I think the bears. The bears. All right. The cubbies said they got, the cubbies got what, what was that, 2016? When did they win the championship? 2016. After a hundred plus years they was like, okay, alright bears. Y'all haven't won since 85, 40 years. Come on now what y'all got for us? Oh, y'all a fan. Pointed out the coach social media account has only posted throws of Daniel Jones and none of Anthony Richardson. Have the Cols already decided they're going with Daniel Jones?


Ah, I I don't, I don't think so. I I don't think, I don't think so. I I I doubt it. I doubt it. Obviously when it comes to quarterback competition between Anthony Richardson and, and Daniel Jones, I think that's a, that's one that Anthony Richardson would win. Obviously right now, what they're doing right now, I don't think it's a a a a, a testament to who would be the starter. Even if there is a quarterback competition. I really think that Anthony Richardson would win that out. Obviously having the edge, knowing the Man, you ain't paying no guy no $14 million to sit on the bench back up quarterback, You know, making 14 million. Okay, so you Think or 31 other teams. Hold on. You think they just gonna throw 'em in there? Huh? Based based On No, you're saying I think there's a quarterback, I think there's a quarterback competition.


You said you don't think there's a quarterback competition? I think there's a quarterback competition. Or why else would they give that man 14 million? Well, I know one thing Anthony Richards has a headstart on that quarterback competition because he knows the offense. Yes, I agree. I he knows the offense. So if you, if you allow him to beat you out, I think it's more politics because they're paying Daniel Jones 1414 goddamn million. And I think they'll Just, bro, I took you number three. Overall. I put, I put $38 million in your pocket, guaranteed. Yeah. I guarantee your whole damn contract. What you mean his politics? If politics that Anthony Richardson hadn't gotten better and the things that he was doing wasn't conducive for you being a starting quarterback and being good and You think Daniel Jones is the answer because we saw him.


What's the question? Huh? What's the question? You said Daniel Jones the answer. I need to know what the question, did he go to Duke? Yes. Is his name Daniel Jones? Yes. You can't just say, do I think Daniel Jones the answer? I need to know the question. What? I'm Just, I'm just running down everything you said. I just running down everything. You said that an Anthony Anthony Anthony Richardson didn't do Yes. Saying well, well hell, what you think is gonna happen when, when God Daniel Jones is there, it's gonna be be all of a sudden he gonna go from what he was last year and all of a sudden just be, be what Tom Brady this year? No, Absolutely not. No. I think the thing is, but what did that say?


Daniel Jones is who he is In your third year, did they bring another receiver in and to have him compete with you? Oh no, because by the time I hit my second year I would, I had to ride. Okay, thank you. That's all I need to say there. Not that was not only the Coast gaff they've made in the last 24 hours. The coast ended up deleting their schedule release video that is done by Minecraft style and included a dolphin wearing a 10 Tyreek Hill jersey being pulled over by the Coast Guard. Right. It was what happened opening day and the apology the coast said, we've removed our schedule release video because it exceeded our rights with Microsoft and included an in insensitive clip involving Dolphins receiver Tyre Hill. We sincerely apologized to Microsoft and Tyreek.


That wasn't fucking insensitive. Tyreek ain't one of them. Goddamn. Oh my God. Why did you do that? He loved It. He, he said Cricket said you shoulda have left it up at Cole. This was funny. Yeah, it it was funny. It was that, that, I mean, people have to understand when you make jokes about certain individuals, you, you have to know who you're doing it to. Right. Someone like Tyreek is going to laugh at that. He's not one of those overly sensitive people. And obviously I'm, I'm assuming the people in at the Colts don't know it. And maybe other people would get upset for Tyreek. Tyreek wouldn't care. It was funny. You damn tyreek, Microsoft, they tie your ass up with rights now, now they, they got more money than their whole NFL, all the NFL.


Yeah, I see what you mean. You, you don't wanna be messing with them. Mojo. There's certain things, there's certain things you can do like, oh, I, I don't even care. And there's certain things when it comes to the, the big companies like this. Yeah. That's sitting on 3, 4, 5, 600, a billion dollars in cash. Don't fool with a mojo. It ain't even worth it. Take it down. I'm sorry. Okay. I, I see what you mean. Just, hey, O ocho you just apologize and keep it moving. Moving. Yeah. And keep it moving. Hey, some of, some of the, the schedule releases and the creativity from some of the teams I really enjoyed. I really enjoyed That. And that coach, this is why we have to be super, super cautious. Right. I told Ash we are not showing another video.


We make sure we ask, can we show this on our platform. Right. Make sure we get it and then we go screenshot it because the last thing we want somebody to do is say, yeah, you can do it and then erase it and we ain't got nothing. Nah, we ain't giving no permission. Nah, you screenshot that Ash. Right. But that got us, that got our ass burnt. We had a 90 day, You know, we in prob in probation. Hell, and then the dude took all the, all the money that the revenue that we want that got, that we got from the video, that whole episode. Right. He probably done, he done ran through that. Nah, he ain't got no more of that left. Oh Joe, you remember the guy that DM you last week, right? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


Okay. What about him? He got upset like, bro, you gave us permission to show the thing. You gave us permission to show it. Oh, I thought I, I sent, I sent asked a message and I, You know, I was the man at whatever because I, I be, it was the issue. I be like, well if it was the issue, I mean man, where you at? What, what's your location? So you could tell me what you're talking about in person. Right. I asked three times, You know, I mean, if you feeling like, listen, I listen, I didn't say anything bad. Huh? I ain't say anything bad. No, I just, that's the, But I, but I think the thing is, You know he from Miami? You from Miami? Miami. I'm trying to Miami. He, he, he took, he took, he took it away. But You know, I was like bro, so you just bypassed what I said.


So you only heard what OCHO said? Yeah, but I didn't say nothing bad. I just said that takes too long for me. I like to get in and out, You know. Right in and out. That's all. But he missed the point where I said, before you said that Ocho, I said, man, yeah, that's $300 we're easy. Oh yeah. For the haircut, the facial, the shave, the trim. Yeah, that's $300. So he bi but again, Ocho, we talked about that. Remember Right, the way we're wired, we only hear the negative. Right. He bypassed the positive and I went long, I went longer with the positive than you did saying that it take too long. I went way longer, but that's what he heard. Yeah. But with my man, you doing a great job. You provided great service. Fact, no, matter of Fact, I'm gonna go get the service, I'm gonna go get it.


You ain't got no damn cut. You only one 50. Nah, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna give through. Matter of fact, lemme lemme Shave your head with that straight razor. No, because I get bumps. I get bumped that thing, Like that thing like a cent crunch. It would, Hey, I'm, I, I don't, I don't know where it's at. I'm gonna add that ation. I'm going, I'm going to get that treatment. I'm record it Too. Yeah man, I had, we had a dude on our team, I ain't gonna call his name. He shave, he shave with one of disposable razors. Oh no. Un un under here. Man. It looked like he stuck his face in an a bed. Ah, Now hey, we call it bump daddy. Yeah. Hey, it took, it took me one time. It took me one time to do it.


I forgot, I forgot, I think it was 2007. The barber, I was in a rush. So he said, well let me use this on you. And he used the electric. Oh, oh, the electric. Oh my god. Huh. It took about two days. It took about two days. Man. All this up under here man. Look like a damn Nestle crunch. It took forever. It took forever to go away. I know. Hey, I don't do, nah, I do shave with a razor. I put a, I put that blue steel on my face and I don't bump. Yeah. I'm scared. I'm scared of that. But that right there. Oh no. Yeah. Oh no man, man, you be buck busting blackheads for months.


Nah. Hey Javonte Davis versus Lamont ro rematch is set for August 16th. Yeah. In Las Vegas. You excited? Don't, yo you coming, you coming to the fight, don't you? Nah, I'm, I'm gonna watch it. I'm gonna watch on tv. I don't like going to the fight because I can't see the fight develop, being at the fight. Even if you sit ringside, it is it to me, it to me as, as a person who loves bossing itself in the sweet science, I like watching it develop round by round. Well I'm telling you this, when if, when Bud and and Canelo fight, I'm going to that fight Going, I'm gonna watch it develop ringside.


Yeah. It's, it's in September, But it say Vegas is on the list. But they, they listed like la they listed a couple of other places like Dallas. Listen, a fight like that, a fight like that has to be in Vegas. It should, It Has to be in Vegas at MGM or hell, a fight like that. They need to have it at the goddamn What's the thing with the, the big ball? Oh, the spear. Yeah, at the spear. You know, a fight like that of that magnitude should be at the spear.


Hey friend, I know how it feels. Waking up exhausted after multiple trips to the bathroom and feeling embarrassed by sudden leaks. I used to be constantly on edge searching for a restroom whenever I was out then I discovered better women. I was skeptical at first, but two months in, everything changed. I experienced improved bladder control. No more heart stopping moments when I laugh or sneeze. Less urge to go deeper and more restful sleep. I finally felt like myself again. Confident and in control. Better woman is natural, effective and trusted by women for over 25 years. Ready to take back your control. Head over to be better now.com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease use as directed individual results may vary


Man. Can you imagine what them tickets are cost to get into the sphere? Look, they gonna pay em. They, they going, they gonna pay em. I've been watching at home. I tell you my mind. I'm watching it at home. Hey, that's alright Joe. We gonna get you out here on this one. It's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. Oh yeah. Hey, Yeah. What's up? Like it's, it's 10 o'clock in LA right now, right? Yes. So my son graduated tomorrow morning at 8:00 AM Yeah. You Think you show should I just get on the road right now and drive to Arizona or should I just catch that flight in the morning at 5:00 AM Catch that flight.


Okay. That's a six hour drive. Six hours, yeah. Okay. To drive to Arizona? Yeah, I mean it's, hold on. It's a 40 minute flight. How the hell is the six hour drive? That would be three hours. Okay. Because your car ain't going 600 miles an hour. That's how that's, that's why it is the time. Yes, absolutely. Six Foot Aquarium said oh and that 2005 Eagles playoff run. They won two playoff games with I Teo. Do you think it was a good idea to bring him back for the Super Bowl?


Yes. As a matter of fact, he's the only one that played to a standard. Do you think anybody else offensively looked good? You see they won two playoff games. Lemme ask you a question. How many games do you think they would've won if they didn't have have to on the team? So you forget about those 15 touchdowns that to had the thousand yards that he had before he got hurt and the first team all pro selection. So if to o's not on that team, y'all, are y'all even in the position to be in the playoffs? Good question. Smack at halftime. What's up? Fucking no charge. Got another one? Start bench cut. Randy Moss, Calvin Johnson Or to god damn.


Don't y'all this old you on? Y'all, I'll let you out. This this answer for t On hold Man. No, all this you, I ain't got nothing to say. I'm on my phone. Damn. Well, hey listen, that that's, that's a good one man. That's like, listen, well Go ahead and give it to you. I need, so you saying it's a good one to give us a good answer. All right. I'm, I'm star. I'm starting to, I'm starting to mos on the bench and I gotta cut Calvin, God, dog. Hey, hey, hey, hey. I they my boys too, man. God damn. That's a tough one. That is, that's a And and and and the chat. Y'all could probably disagree. They might probably switch, they might probably switch. Have Teo Star and I mean have Randy Star and have Teo on the bench.


But we, we talk about two of the greatest of all time. Obviously Calvin Johnson is right there in the realm of of, of who and what they are. He didn't play as long, but that's that, that's tough man. That's tough. So this is what Teo this is what Ocho said. He's starting teal, he's benching Moss. He's cutting Calvin Johnson. Yeah, that's tough man. That's tough. Nope, I ain't got nothing to add to that sir. K said my guys called me crazy, but I think this would be Mike t's first losing season because I don't think my Mason Rudolph would take us Steelers fans to the Promised Land. Why Steelers so stubborn about finding a quarterback? What, what are we, what are we talking about?


Mason? Rudolph not gonna be the starting quarterback. Aren Rod is starting quarterback for the Steelers. He's purposely doing what he's always doing because teams are allowing him but not teams. The Steelers are allowing him to wait until he come, until he decides to come in. He's gonna be there. He he knows what he's doing. He know he doesn't wanna retire. So I mean that, that, that's what it's gonna be. Okay. I I I think the mistake that they made me personally looking at it is that they didn't get a quarterback soon enough. They should have got a quarterback and let him sit a year or two behind Ben. And they didn't wanna piss Ben off. Huh? They didn't, they didn't wanna piss Ben off and that's why they're in the position they're in now.


You see, guess what? You see what happened? You see what Green Bay is? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. And Aren was, They got a quarterback with Brett Favre and they, it had, they got a Super Bowl, they got Caleb, they got K Love Jordan Love. Yeah. When Aren Roger was there and guess what they got Prosperity. Yeah. Yeah. You worry about somebody. So when that guy gone, you didn't piss him off, but he at home he glad you miserable. I'm not saying Aren Rogers was glad that would've been happy, happy if You know, but I'm saying you spared his feelings but you suffering. What about your feelings now? When you getting your eyes beat in every year?


Not your bs. Uncle Ocho Love the show is James Harden the best score with the worst playoff resume. That's a good one. That's a good one. Yeah. I mean we've never seen a score like him in the regular season and, and and lay some lay some lay some duds. It is not that he always does, but it seems like the bigger the game, the game six is the game sevens when you really need that guy to answer the bell. And that seems where he FALs because we've seen him have some good game one twos, but the game six or seven on old, like Yeah, Rubber needed to meet the road.


This is do or die. We gotta have a must have that he hasn't been the James Harden that we expected that we expect to see or that guy that we seen in the regular season. Cowboy Geo said, oh no, Joe, question if Prime D Rowes never get hurt, does Steph Curry still run the league? Y'all think y'all think the best d Rowes y'all ever saw? Y'all think he's better than Steph? Let's take him in his MVP season because that one the best we ever saw D Rowes, right? Y'all think he better than Steph And they, they, they have two completely different playing styles anyway in what they do. Yes. But even in the different player styles, y'all think Dro that is Absolutely, go ahead.


Go ahead. They Above the rim, huh? Yes. D Rowe plays above the rim. Very exciting player. Very exciting. But I, I don't think it's completely different. Yeah, But lemme but even if you take D rolls at his absolute best, which is his MVP season, he averaged 25 points a game. Do y'all think he's better than Steph? I mean really? I'm saying I'm just a serious, it's not a rhetorical question, it's a serious question. Chad. No.


King Gvo said oh, 1140 from three for kc. At what point, if you are a coach, do you tell your players to stop shooting threes yoic mvp. Hashtag yoic mvp? I just, when I look at, when I look at kc, I don't look at them as a three point shooting team. I look at Boston as a three point shooting team. I look at Golden State, some of the other team, I mean everybody shoot look to say somebody's not. That's not true. Everybody's a three point shooting team because I think a lot of teams shoot more threes than they damn should. But if you just go by averages, I mean everybody's shooting on, I mean they getting up about 40 threes a game. Well maybe 50 between the two teams.


But I felt, I think shooting for the three and not being aggressive because they normally shoot 25 free throws a game. Sha normally Shade normally gets to the free throw line. How many times does Shay get to the free throw line tonight? He got 11. So he's about an average. He's like 11, 11 to 12, 11 to sometimes he gets to the free throw line. 16, 17 times. What about 11 times about average, but only three guys shot free throws tonight. And one of 'em was a bench of a role player. He came up the bench. Jalen Williams was one for two. Chad Hung was one for three. Jalen Williams, er Hartenstein, er lou.er. So three of you guys in your starting lineup didn't shoot a free throw. Which tell me they settling goes in great, but if it don't, whew.


Ke Norwood Junior say, my question is, what team is the best fit for Giannis when he leaves Milwaukee? Not including Dallas or Miami. Oh well shit, you just talk, you just, you just eliminate the best fit. Yep. I think he was gonna be a good fit. But the question is, does he really want in the west don't mess with the West because she goon and possibly Jalen Green and draft picks, pair him with Mond Thompson, van Fleet, Dylan Brooks. You can switch everything.


You got defenders I would bring, I would bring what you call 'em back, Steven Adams. But the question is, who has the players and the draft capital because that's what they're gonna want. I want draft capital and I want, I want players. Chin Goon is probably the best player you gonna get. We'll see how that thing plays out. I mean, three, four years ago we, we didn't think this was possible, but especially after they won the title. But You know, they fired Bud. They break it up. Here we are Zack Rio. I'm calling it Lakers. 26. 26 NBA champions.


I like that. No chill Will Uncle Ocho. What sport do you think would have the best Talking back moments? Huh? Talking back moments. I don't know. What do you mean? I mean, I mean football, ba basketball, anytime you, I mean it's hard. I mean how you talk trash in baseball, I guess you could Got A park on your punk ass. I like to see pitchers and pitchers and batters go at it. I mean it's, I think it's hard. Kinda hard because look, the guy can throw that pitch hit you. If your ribs hit you, your ass hit you upside your head, your arm wrestle, You know, You know, I don't really, really wanna talk trash to the picture.


Hey, listen, bat, bat flip, bat bat flip after in the home run and watch what happened. You come back to that plate the next time. Yeah, I'm on. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. Thank you for joining us. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City Zone Pro Bowler All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for your continued support. Thank you for your loyalty. Thank you for your patience. Even when things don't go well, y'all ride it out with UNC and ocho.


So we appreciate that and Ocho and I can't thank you enough. Please make sure you make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We have it in stock and if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, it is the best test tasting, premium cognac on the market. You can't find it in a city or state near you. Order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Try it. You will not be disappointed. Check out my clo. Check out she Shea Media on all of its platforms and my clothing company 84. The link is pending in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work tour are on sale. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, LA, Miami, NYC, Chicago, and Detroit.


Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. That's shehe media.com/tour. Go get your tickets now and check out UNC and ocho. You won't be disappointed. Thank you guys for joining us again for Nightcap. I am unc. He's ocho. We'll see you tomorrow night Game six. Nicks versus Celtics, The Volume.


Ben, if you're ready to reclaim your edge, listen up. I used to be held back by constant bathroom trips with multiple wake up during my sleep and looking for restrooms whenever I was out. Then I discovered better man. After just two months, I started experiencing fewer trips to the bathroom, less urge to go, and I even slept through some nights. I feel a noticeable boost in my overall wellbeing, even sexual stamina. It gives me the freedom and confidence to live life on my terms. Better Man is clinically tested and trusted by thousands of men over 25 years ready to take back control. Go to bebe now.com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the DA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Use as directed individual results may vary.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band, or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon, we are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade-in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan Gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months, 0% a PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung. Trade in and additional terms apply.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.