
This is an iHeart podcast.


Meta AI is the personal AI that's tailored to you now with its very own app. It's built to get to know you, offering helpful answers and inspiration. Looking for something to add to your bucket list. Meta AI goes beyond traveling the world. It remembers your basketball fanatic and suggests you attend one of the playoff games. Just start typing or speaking to get the answers you need, wherever and whenever. Because meta AI is your personal ai. Download the Meta AI app now available on the Apple App Store and Google Play.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more@apu.apuus.edu slash military.


You don't want vacation to end, but with Amex Platinum, you earn five times membership. Rewards points on prepaid hotels and more. Book through amex travel.com So you're already planning the next one. Book your room with fine hotels and resorts through Amex Travel and get an upgrade when available. Plus guaranteed 4:00 PM checkout so you have time to check out the pool before flying off to what's next. That's the powerful backing of American Express term supply. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash with Amex CST 1 0 2 2 3 1 8.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely The volume.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. As you watch the OKC Thunder, take a three two lead as they head back to Indy one 20 to 1 0 9. Jalen Williams was sensational and You know, Shea Gil just did what Shey Gil just does. He wasn't, wasn't terribly efficient, but he got to the free throw line 14 times and he made 13 of them. He chipped in with 31. It was, but it was the big 40 from Jalen Williams that really did the, the Pacers in. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. Onk Shannon Sharpe. Fill it in for number two is number three, little Rock, Arkansas native, the University of Arkansas alum.


That is Iso Joe who got a big win this weekend. They were down but Iso Joe refused to let them lose and they come back and win at 50 to 48. That is Joe Johnson. And joining us to break down this game, give us a little better, A little better insight is a three time all defensive player nor Fromm Houston played with the Clippers, went overseas this year. He might be back in the NBA, he say he don't know yet, but he ready to bust somebody. You know what? And one on one 'cause that's what seems to be going around now, the one on one battles. Here he is, ladies and gentlemen, You know him. Pat Bell. Pat, what you do? How you doing brother? You look good. I'm doing good. I'm doing good. Good to see you. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit the like button.


And guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. I want to thank each and every one of you that have supported us from day one. Although we got Joe filling in this week, we gonna have no drop off. We gonna let OCHO do his thing in cans. He's celebrating eating croissants and You know gr great Fon. But You know what? The show gotta go on. Pat Bev going fill in with us tonight. We got BUN B tomorrow night. So we gonna keep this thing called Nightcap continuously rolling, although OCHO is out, but he will be back on Saturday. So tune in for OCHO for that. But I wanna thank each and every one of you because of your eyes, your ears, and your word of mouth. You've helped Nightcap grow to what has become and we cannot thank you enough.


Ocho, myself, not Joe filling in and the entire staff at Nightcap. We wanna thank each and every one of our listeners, our people that download and pass word of mouth Word, word of mouth. Excuse me. Thank you very much. Please make sure you check out Shaa by La Porter. We do have it in stock. Now if you can't find it, any city or a state near you, you best believe we're coming to a city or a state ne near you. But if you can't find it in the meantime, order it online, we'll ship it directly to your door. It's the best tasting VSOP cognac on the market. I promise you, if you purchase it, you will not be disappointed. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out.


That link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies Last thunder beat the Pacers one 20 to 1 0 9. Jalen Williams had himself a night, 40.6 rebound. He was three or five for the three point line. The second most points in a finals game in franchise history. For the first time in the playoffs, Indiana will face elimination. Tyrese. Halliburton did not have it going tonight. I think they showed a graphic, I couldn't hear the sound, but I think he's dealing with something, a calf ankle or something. But he was O six, O four from three and he only had four points and he turned the ball over 'cause seemed they were about to get back into this ball game. If I'm not Rick Carlisle mighta should have left those backups in because those were the guys that got 'em back in the game.


Guys, Joe, lemme start with you first. How was OKC able from the tip take control of this ball game? And although they cut it down to two, really never relinquished the lead from that point on, man, I thought OKC, You know, did, did everything they could in Indiana compete bail to get a game. And they did. So they reclaimed home court advantage. I love the big lineup, man. And from the jump, I always ask, man, why did they switch that lineup? Why would he change that lineup? If you look at the first quarter, Hartenstein put his stamp on that first quarter. Yep. His energy, his effort and making plays, getting these guys easy buckets. So, so they got into a rhythm early.


I thought playing through him almost in that first quarter to where he was able to get back doors, get guys wide open for three. And I just thought they pretty much opened up the game. But for me, Unc and p Bev, it was too close for my life. And if I'm OKC, I thought they should have put them guys away a lot sooner. But, You know, giving credit to Indiana, whose fault this whole postseason, and you're probably right, you probably should have stuck with the backups. 'cause those guys had so much energy and they got 'em right back in the game. I'm like, how they down six points and, and and, and Hallen bur playing this bad. So, but I thought late in that fourth quarter, You know, the thunder put, they stamp on it. You know, with, with Williams obviously having an incredible game, SHA kind of followed up and You know, was a sidekick tonight.


But they did what they do man. They got guys who can close. I like looking at Indy, it looked like from the jump, the Indy, like they came into this game like, well You know what, even if we lose this game, we get to go back home. Because I don't think they came out with the energy that you look, I understand this tutu, but it doesn't look like they came out with the energy that I expected the team to come out with, especially on the road. What didn't you like about what you saw from Indy? I tell, I, I look at the first play, like you feel me? Like being in the trenches, especially in the playoffs. I looked at the first play. The first play, they got the ball. OKC got the ball in the pocket. Like Joe said, Stein, they hit Stein in the pocket first play of the game, dump, boom, boom, set the tone, right?


Yeah. If I'm them on the other end, I'm telling, Hey, listen man, first three minutes no dumps motherfucker in there. We, we, we, we, we fo we putting them right to the foe, right? But OKC set the tone and they can't really handle it. I think they really, really got back into the game of like punching back that, that, that, that second unit that was in the game that third quarter. Yeah, I I I, I agree with you guys, but tonight they needed a little bit more from Halliburton. They didn't get it Nihart, I thought he needed, look, if you go back and look at it, they got back in the game with Obie Toppin and TJ McConnell in Pascal. That was the unit that really got, and now Pascal's a starter. But you look at TJ McConnell, you look at guys, they were flying around the floor, they was making it and then all of a sudden it was a two point game.


You get a loose ball, LKC, they get a second chance points, they kick it out. Jalen Williams hit a three and the next thing You know, Halliburton comes down and he turns the ball over. And so what was a two point game all of a sudden is a seven point game call a time out to come hit another three and it's a 10 point game. And from that point on, the game was over. Look, I understand. And I think everybody that's played, everybody here's been a professional athlete for an extended period of time and we've all played injured or heard of whatever the term you want to use. It's not, it's a lot easier said than done because your brain knows that you're hurt. Yeah. Your body's going to gonna favor that injury, be it be a need, be a ankle, a calf or whatever the case may be. But tonight I thought Halliburton hurt them more than him.


His presence helped them. I could be wrong. What did you guys see? Nah, I think, I think, I think from like a, a a, a athlete standpoint and we all know, like, you feel me, like you, you, you in a trench this as playoffs, you playing in a big game, a huge game. You feel me? Like you throwing in the towel and saying like, okay, I'm hurt, I ain't gonna play no more, can rub it off to some players on the team. Like damn he, he, he put on us. Like why, why wouldn't he? Like, we as competitors know, man, if, if it aint, if, if it ain't, bro, come on, let's keep playing. You know? So I I look at that standpoint from competitors. Yeah, hey look for me man, this is it. This it guys, I mean Hallam, you can't, you can't get it back like a said.


I I didn't think that they came out with that sense of urgency that they needed to compete. Now OKC, You know, they, they knew they, they couldn't squander this game away. They, like I said, they had got home court advantage back and they played like they played resilient. They attacked the basket, they put pressure on they defense. They probably had more wide open shots tonight. Unc MP Bell than they probably had in this whole series. Yep. They turned, they defense. They, they played great defense, which turned into, You know, pretty good offense to where they all kind of got into a rhythm. Then you get Wiggins making threes, you get, that's the thing, right? That's the thing. You can't stop that when you got your others playing great. They at home they feel comfortable. It's a wrap. I thought they was gonna blow 'em out.


So I I was surprised that Indiana was able to even stay in the ballgame. Yeah. And I think the thing was, look, they had seven turnovers in the first and it, it, look, I think the first game kinda gave Indiana false sense because they had 25 turnovers fat be, they had 19 turnovers in that first game in the first half and they ended up winning and I think it gave 'em a false sense like, hey we can turn the ball over. No you can't because when you turn the ball over against this team, they turn 'em into points and they turn 'em into points abruptly. So, and now you look at it, they're right back in this game and they have like three consecutive turnovers back to back to back and now what was a two or a four point game, all of a sudden it is right back to a 13 point game.


Yeah. I'm like guys, you've got to do a better job of they, the Pacers got to do a better job, You know, they got very active hands and when they bring Caruso in and they bring that second unit, they get even more active. Yeah. And Joe, we talking about it the first game we like Why y'all go to that small lineup you look at tonight, chant Homer, where of that chant? Homer five offensive rebounds, Isaiah Hartenstein, six offensive rebounds, Lou Dort five offensive rebounds. Now they had 19 but three guys had 16 of the 19. You see now you getting second chance points. I don't know what made you Think you could go to a small lineup and play. No, no, I'm gonna make you adjust to what I do.


'cause I'm the one that won 68 games. I've got the MVP, I'm not adjusting to you, but I just thought Indiana the, the effort that I fought and even in the second half, hold on the fourth quarter, they get the ball and what did they do right at turn the ball up? I'm like, well damn. And then he called a timeout, they was down, I think they was down seven. They come out at a time out and turned the ball over again. Pat Beba. I'm like, bro, what are y'all? I know Rick Carlisle ain't draw that bull job up in the, in the huddle. You gotta Think you gotta this a young team too, right? This a team. And I, You know, I ain't really trying to like, obviously we can say, You know, this team win the championships, You know, they supposed to play perfect, but this is a team that's only been here the first time.


You know, obviously they've both been there the first time. But OKC has a little bit of experience of of guys who, who, who, who's won on that level, right? I mean as far as guard play these Aren young guards, right? These state, these, they first really experience of on, on a big show. So you're talking about like making the right decision constantly in a hostile environment like OKC go be tough for any player. So what I think they gonna play much better at home as we see, we know how Indiana play at home. But I just think that, You know, the, the, the, the moment the Halliburton's injury, it took, it took veterans TJ McConnell, you see the game he had, You know? Yeah. Like it took guys who's been there before. Okay, cool, let me get the ball, let's calm it down. Let, let's get the best possession, let's get the best bucket. So we're gonna see how, You know, they can mix that in all together Indiana with that pressure of, You know, if they lose it's over.


Hey listen, well if you do get the before you go Joe, they get two look, there's two days in between so they don't play again until Thursday. So probably get around the clock treatment tomorrow, You know, Hey, tonight, tomorrow, Wednesday, hey, be ready to go because there is no Thursday. I mean, excuse me, there is no Friday. There is no tomorrow. If you don't take care of business on Thursday, man, you better put some dirt on that thing and, and, and and and patch it up man. Start playing. Come on man. We got, we got a ball game to win, fellas. Hey, hey, do y'all use DMSO? Do y'all use DMSO in the NBA? What is that? No, what's that? It's like a veterinary's rubbing on horses to take the soreness outta your ankles and muscles.


Yeah, I I don't take medicine Unc, I'm from the motherland. I don't take medicine. No, you rub, you don't take it, you rub it on. But it makes your breast smell like garlic. But it does take the soreness out. Hey, they used to, they had that, they they used to have that innocent, You know what innocent is are? Yeah. They play, he get, they, we call it that endo, they had that innocent boy, he take that innocent, you don't feel nothing. You hear me? Yeah. Oh my God. But you Think you supposed to be careful taking all that medicine because it's real toxic on the liver. Everything got you put it in your body. If it's a medicine, it's gotta go through that liver to get, get detox, detoxified. So Hey, hey, anything, anything where you could play in comfort the way you ain't in pain, boy. Hey, you be torn off.


Well I know y'all had torn off. Yeah, definitely had tore it off. Okay. I know guys who used to take the Aleve 60 minutes on the clock every game. Faithfully, faithfully every game. Man, a hey to, to take that pain away. I said you I done seen people get their shot. Get their shot in the glute. Oh I in the glute and the glute. I seen it, I seen it. Hey look p bam man it seemed like Indiana was under distress, You know, pretty much the whole, it's like they couldn't calm down, they couldn't settle theyself down. No. And they got theyself in a lot of trouble, which led to a lot of turnovers. And those turnovers led into easy baskets, man. Which easy buckets.


Yeah. Which got which got OKC going and they never, they never bounced back from that. It see it seems like they wanted, look, they have a style of play pbe you played against them and it seems like look, they want a speed tempo they won't make or miss, we're gonna push tempo so we don't care if you make it, we'll take it outta the net. If you miss it, we'll get it off the rim, but we're gonna go And it seems like they wanted to play that style but it was playing right in the OK C's hand. Yeah, because you're speeding up but you're speeding yourself up. And next thing You know deflections, they get ball going the other way. I'm like, bro, what are you, what do y'all do? Just settle. Just, I wish somebody PW said like, these are, this is a young team and they are, they don't really have anybody.


I think the only guy that's Thomas Bryant has been in the championship. He won, won one with I think, was he with Denver when they won the championship? Yeah, he was, he was with now that man was on the bench man, ain't he? He was complaining about being in la They got him outta that 'cause he won more time. Didn't. Yeah. And ain't nothing he and he ain't been seen since. But I think the thing was, you, you are right, they, they played at a pace that they wanted to play at but it wasn't conducive for that game. It's kinda like a team that wanted, hey we throw the football bro, it's a downpour. Yeah it's a hurricane out here. Right bro, Hey, you gotta pick and choose our spots where we gonna throw it, but we gotta come up with a different game plan.


I agree. I agree. I think and that's why, You know, when you look at OKC and the makeup of that team, obviously having the MVP and Shea, you look how poised he be down to stretch and when it's time to get to his spots P Bell, Hey look, you can do all that grabbing, holding, bumping when I drive, but I'm gonna get on ball, I'm gonna make some tough shots. I thought he made some tough shots tonight, especially in that fourth quarter to give, to get him over the hump. And I think that's the difference in the series. Even though Halen Bird has had flashes to way he's played great, I just think OKC, You know, led by Shaa and obviously Williams, You know, those guys are very patient offensively. They get, they they get to they spots and there's nothing you can do about it. Yeah. And I think like when you look at the game, right, and I'm, and I'm a I'm gonna jump on the other side and this, if, if I'm in Deanna right and I'm, You know, I'm in the front office and I'm the numbers guy, right?


I'm looking at this game Joe, I'm looking at this game like, oh man, we coulda won that game. We just shot it back from the three. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So like, regardless of what we're saying, right? I don't know, half of those threes go down with the way they played this is a totally different game. So they're getting on a plane mentally like, oh it's okay guys, we just missed shots regardless of how the game is going. So you gotta you gotta kind of understand how that works too. Going back to Indy, I agree with you p Bev, when you look at it, if I'm Rick Carlisle guys, we can't play any worse for three quarters. No. And we still, and we cut it with like nine minutes to go to a two point game man. So just think if we play, if we play 10% better than what we played the first three quarters, now we gotta, we got our crowd now.


We can't just become reliant on our crowd, we're gonna have to play better clearly. Yeah. And I believe we can play better than what we played tonight. But guys, think about how many, we had seven turnovers in the first quarter. Yeah. On the road. So I mean we're down 10. Yeah, we're down 10. Yeah. I think that's my motivation going into that locker room. That's my motivation. Just like you said, my motivation is if I'm Rick Carlisle, obviously he's a phenomenal coach, right? And he's been doing it for the every season he's been in the NBA, but if I'm him, that's the message guys. We miss shots guys, we turned over the ball, protect the ball, hit we gonna make shots. Stay in it. And real simple, real easy because you don't wanna put too much pressure on that lemonade game, You know, and get people kind of thinking second thinking, oh nah, I got OKC oh man I got okc.


No KC closing it out on Thursday. Yeah, I got him close now man, listen, if if, if Hallberg gonna come out and give you what he gave you tonight, I don't see how he can be much better in Indiana. I mean, if he hurt, he hurt. I think, I think OKC gonna come out and take advantage of that and obviously close him out and gone win this series. Man, you just, I mean you, you, you are playing, you playing well enough to win. I love to, I love TJ McCollum, I love math. And those guys come off the bench 'cause they really don't have a drop off when they come in the game fellas. They come in and they getting straight to it. The energy, the effort they all attacking, they flying around. But I just felt with that big lineup that OKC has hartenstein playing the way he's playing.


Obviously ho Check Holridge didn't play great, but I thought he played well enough for him to win. I just feel like OKC is a better team man. I've been saying it now you've had some bumps in the road throughout this postseason dealing with this Pacers team. But I think, I think, I think the run Is over guys. It's over with. No, no, don't throw that on.


Meta AI is the personal AI that's tailored to you now with its very own app. It's built to get to know you, offering helpful answers and inspiration. Looking for something to add to your bucket list. Meta AI goes beyond traveling the world. It remembers you're a basketball fanatic and suggests you attend one of the playoff games. Just start typing or speaking to get the answers you need, wherever and whenever because meta AI is your personal ai. Download the meta AI app now available on the Apple App Store and Google Play.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family. Parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Hello, hello Malcolm Gladwell here. Nowadays it can be easy to get lost in the noise, especially if you're an employee at a company with over 300,000 people. I mean that's approximately the entire population of Orlando, Florida. But more in Orlando later. Infosys is that kind of company and they're growing every year. This created a unique problem. How to handle the day-to-day growth, appreciation, and training needs of a midsize city worth of employees. A one size fits all approach simply would not work. An individualized attention would need its own army of employees to manage. So emphasis went above and beyond creating an innovative AI based employee platform that boosts productivity and helps everyone reach their full potential. Of course the company couldn't do it without some powerful partners. Infosys teamed up with T-Mobile for business to make this innovative employee offering mobile first and built it around the most transformative tech since the personal computer artificial intelligence. Now we're not talking about chat GPT or image generation here. We're talking about a deep database driven application that personalizes itself for every employee. Since launching this platform, emphasis boasts a workforce that feels connected and ready to take on whatever challenges come next. For this hard work emphasis was awarded first place for innovation in employee enablement in 2024 by T-Mobile for business. And that brings us to today. Entries are now open for this year's T-Mobile for business owners. The award ceremony will be held October 20th in Orlando, Florida. See, I told you we'd be talking about Orlando and I'll be there as a keynote speaker and guest judge entries are open now head to T-Mobile dot com slash enter to nominate your team And with any luck, I'll see you in October.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


The thunder had 12 blocks. Think about it. It it's gonna be hard for you to lose a game if you turn a team over 22 times and you have 12 blocks. Let that sink in. You turned them over 22 times. You had 12 blocks, you had 15 steals. Yeah. Yeah. It's go hey. So I, I think, You know, yeah we shot the ball bad but there had to be a reason. It wasn't like they was out there shooting around shooting by the damn self. OKC had something to do with that pba. Yeah, yeah. I mean wouldn't him in uncomfortable situations bro. So, and then I think, I think for Nam Hart, like, and I'm a, again, I know I'm on Indiana's bandwagon right now, but for Na Hart is gonna be tough for him to score a lot of points because of the he's dealing with shade.


Yeah, he's the load he has with Sha Right. You could see it, you can see it because we seen him in the past series play extremely well. Now, now we see him catching the ball not even taking Spot up three. So like you can see that matchup with him. That's a, that's a tough cover, You know, to take your legs from under you. Hey P Bell, You know man, listen, You know when you in somebody back pockets all night like them hard is with Shay it's tough bro. You gotta find somewhere to rest in there. Yeah. You know what I mean? I you can't, I'm gonna catch see me in that corner on offense. He gotta rest on offense, huh? Yeah. Sit in that corner. Sit in that corner, catch me on that corner. It, it's, it's so hard. Hey all, hey you sleep? No, don't wake your ass up because Shay put so much pressure on you.


So much pressure bro. He, he looking to attack. Yeah. At every turn He not letting you rest. Absolutely. And and now he and Jay Williams, they've got the, You know what, hey we gonna play Pickett roll, just us two gonna play Pickett roll. Yeah. Because Niece Smith got one and Jay and Niece Mhar got the other. So we'll just play, pick and roll with y'all two. Yeah. And You know, we seen, we seen people talk about this too. You see a lot of people been talking about how the game has changed and then how you need a team concept. Right. And, and, and Joe, You know, personally, hey that play ain't nothing but your two main players getting the ball. Everybody else flat. That is, that's that's that's too flat. Yeah. That's all that is. So regardless of how teams play, what pace they play with, what defense they go to, nah, your best players win games.


You can go get him with the ball. Absolute. We go get him with the ball, we go get him in the spot, we go get him in the spot and we gonna put the cards in their hands. Yeah. You know what Sha says, I'm one Jaylen Williams says I two. Everybody. Jay Williams might be, he might be the MVP if we, if he, if it was today. If it was today he had a break. Np. But here's the thing though, pat Bell, he just, he just tied Michael Jordan for the most 30 point playoff game in, in a, in a he Jordan and Eli one in a playoff run. Okay. So he got a chance he might have two chances to get 17. He ain't losing that. Nah, You know I'm saying and didn't average at 30. That's what I'm trying to tell you. He might be the MVP, he might get finals mvp.


Hold on. Who you say averaging 30? Unc you talking about Sha sha sha averaging 30, he averaged 32 a game. Yeah, yeah. Oh he gonna, he gonna get the, he gonna get that 'cause he gonna follow. Yeah probably about that if I'm trying to say hold on hooping though. No, nah, he balling he ball. But can you imagine the mv Hold on Pat Bell. Think about what you saying. The guy that won MVP in the regular season didn't win finals MVP man and his team won. I can you imagine that happening? I can't. Yeah. Hey Cornbread did that when he played with the No, but Bird didn't win the MVP. He finished, he finished third that year. He finished second that year. Okay. By Wanted Byrd won the MVP 84.


85, 86. He was the last to win it. Three consecutive, three consecutive times. Cornbread wanted, that was Bird's second year. Okay. If he was, if he was to get it, would y'all be like, would y'all be like Oh they stay, I would be shocked depending on what the pro out game is. We just a prisoner of the moment right now. 'cause he had a hell of a game tonight. But Delin, depending on if he can follow this up with another, with a 35 or another 40 people, he just had a, he just had a 30 up get tape if he But you like, you feel like Shay didn't No, no, no. I know he did but it's just like when you pointed out like he just got efficient with it. I'm saying was 14 or 25 tonight. That's all I'm saying. Shay has thrown caution to the wind with efficiency because he knows I'm gonna draw the contact and I'm gonna get to the free throw line.


So I'm gonna make up, I'm going like, you look at nine or 21 like well damn, but you look at 13 or 14, right? You look at 11 or 12, you look at 14 or 15 from the fire line. So he's not efficient like he was in the regular season where he shot over 50% from the floor in average 32. But he's like, I'm gonna get my shots up and one or two things gonna happen. They're gonna go in or you're gonna file me, but I'm gonna get points one way or another. So does does does in in in y'all mind, as as athletes who watch the game, does the, does the plus minus matter in this situation when you talk about two guys who, who can You know, be close to getting that award does plus minus matter? 'cause if it does J do wins the plus minus in the dope.


That's all I'm saying. I'm just saying when we looked at games, that was that that was J do put that team on his back in Indiana game four, he put that game on his back in Indiana. I agree. I agree. And that's all I'm saying. Like, and then to follow that back at home, they was giving the ball to him and Shay was running to the corner. So Yeah, I'm just saying if he get another 40 point game, it, it has happened in 2015. Steph was the MVP Iggy won finals. MVP. Yeah. Yeah. You right. And I don't think IgG numbers were nowhere near close. Boy that wasn't even close. That's what I'm saying. So they, they gave, they gave that man MVP for holding LeBron to 35 14.


14 to nine. For real. I'm telling. So we, but I just think the thing is, I think the thing is, and Jalen Williams is playing unbelievable. I think if, if he do a contract soon or he just signed an extension, I think he just signed one. If I, I think he might have just signed one too. Maybe last year. Yeah. But Shaa about to get fired. Shaa about to do that for, for for 2 94. I ain't worried about that. 5 3 80. I think JI think J Dubs still on his first one. I think he's up after, after one more year because he check, hold on. Oh he still, oh he's still on his first contract? Yeah. Oh, jw. Hey, hey JW. JD said hey y'all need to break this off. Go ahead and break this off. Shay, you going to get your phone for two ninety four? Yeah. Hey y'all come see your boy.


I got five give gimme five for two 15. Yeah. Hey listen, hey, when you win, everybody win. You know? Yeah. Get paid. So, and You know what IJ because here's the thing, You know, hey Pat, Bev, you've been around locker rooms and You know the thing that'll breaker team up quicker than anything is egos. Yeah man, man, if, if I was somewhere else and getting shots and yada yada yada, I could be, I could be an MVP or I could be a first team all NBA selection bro. Y'all got a great fan. You got a guy that's 26 and you got another guy that's 24, y'all can, hey y'all can run this thing for, it was kind of like Kareem, it was like, even though Kareem was much older than magic.


Yeah. So you gotta realize Kareem was the MVP magic's rookie year magic. Even though magic was final's MVP the first year and he won it again in his third year, he still deferred to Kareem because he understood I'm better with Kareem than without. And sometimes players don't realize they're better together than without. Okay. So what? Yeah, you might be a first team all NBA selection, you might average 25, 28 points a game, but with no chance of winning a championship. Right. Wouldn't you rather average 2122 and win championships as opposed to 28 30 and don't win it at all PBF. Yeah, I I I think, I think like the way OKC has done and you gotta give a lot of credit to obviously to Sam pre and Oh yeah.


Everybody over there they've been holding it down for, for decades. Right. The way they lined it up, they could literally pay each guy at separate times. Yeah. You know, like, so like the way they lined it up is, is it, it it, it it wouldn't be harm to, to anybody that's affecting, You know, them getting more money resulting to how they play the game of basketball. So like that's the good thing about it. My my my next thing about it, like if that's your core, right? All those other pieces around that, that's all interchangeable, you can go find that, plug that in, like you've seen how success looks so you can, you can run with that until, You know, man you can, that you talking about a dynasty team, You know, like you talk about a young oh check will be coming up soon too.


Hey listen, I think, I think check is probably one of the most important pieces because throughout this postseason he's, he's had some growing pains and he's been able to learn through playing and what you, with him having Shaa and Williams with them both being in kinda form and understanding, You know, what's expected of them and delivering night in and night out. He's been able to kinda get by with subpar, You know, performances from time to time. Right. But You know, once he develops some consistency to where he kinda knows who he is as a player and he knows how to be consistent on a night to night basis, that's gonna make 'em even more deadliest. So I I agree with you guys. I think if they able to keep them three together and, and check continues to grow until the player who we ultimately think he can be, which is a, You know, an Allstar caliber guy, man, they going to, they, they can run, they can run the Western conference, they can run the NBA for quite some time.


He, he need these, some of them Oklahoma steaks out there. Yeah. And, and, and one of the things that y'all understand too, like they, okay c he's been down this road, they made a mistake, right? Yeah. They, they, they, they've had the same, the same drink that just, that just didn't cut it didn't get to where it's supposed to. So like instead of letting that James Harden go, no, we paying him now. Right. Yeah. You know Right. That, that James Haren may be set in his position or, or, or or j dub right? No. Yeah, we seen how it go. We let them go, we let them do their thing. Nah, we, we gonna make this work this for extra 5 million. Yeah. We gonna make it work this time. Yeah. Yeah. J Dub joins a league company after putting up 40 points in a game. Five only players with 18 points in the paint and three threes in a finals game since 1998.


Kevin Durant, J Dub, LeBron James. Hey man, he's, he, hey like P Bell say he has been sensation of these past two games on and he, he and, and you. Right. P Bev in Indiana and game and what was that Game four he carried even I seen Shay, he was dead Dogg tired. Shay was like this, Hey go and get that look, I I'm gonna go on up the court. You gone. Yeah. You know what I mean? And hey, and he didn't disappoint. He got to his spots. He got in the paint, he made plays, he put pressure on the defense and he carried them for at least two to three quarters, especially down the stretch. So I ain't got no no, no drawback on Pbe with that. He, he is a hell of a player and he, and, and he is an elite company, You know, with what he's done in the past two games.


And plus he giving it to you on both ends because Yeah, he a, he got a, he he, he takes a a tough defensive assignment and still got to and and we saw how it's impacting them hard. Yeah. Having to deal with Shay. Yeah. So JW is taking a tough defensive assignment a lot of times and he still knows he's got to give you his 20 plus tonight he doubled you up, he gave you 20, he gave you a 40 piece. Hey P Bear. Hey look, P be you look at Sha he had 10 dives tonight. He had two stills and he had four blocks. He played on both ends too. He out here trying to get to the Baja, get to the the CLE and, and get by his man and make plays.


That man out there sitting in that chair Unc, he said Pete be know about sitting in that chair. He sitting in that chair and he making plays on defense as well. Yeah. But Joe, you remember we talked about it, the game four, he had 35 with zero assist. Right. It was the first time since I think Jared West had 35 points. He's like, I ain't getting nobody involved. Get your damn self involved. I'm getting buckets. I am, I, hey I'm eed the chamber and when the gun runs out I'm throwing that he, but I'm letting it on. I'm letting I'm, I'm not leaving anything. Right. Anything. Right. And I see we, yeah, we see how SaaS like Joe obviously You know, you, you've been a player that You know, like you haven't been, You know, the fastest or this, that, that, but we, you see truly like you SaaS matters.


Yeah. Yeah. Like SaaS really matters. I I don't, You know, you had a heart of a champion, you can, You know Man, I, I thought for two games I was locking up Kevin Durant and he gave me 50. I just, I couldn't, I couldn't block the shot. I was just too, I I You were there though. You were there though, pat, you there. I, I promised you I was trying my as off uncle. I ain't gonna lie to you. But your, because you, you fighting him to get to his spot P Bev, You know what I mean? Yeah. You ain't gonna give nothing comfortable. Yeah. You gonna make him work the entire game. Now when he go up to shoot that tall man jump shot ain't gonna be nothing you can do not that you, you do your work early. Yeah. Right. And that's all Shay doing. That's all Shay doing. They got him and I like the adjustment to coaches made. They instead of putting the ball in his hand, they putting the ball in j they hitting him right there at the elbow.


You know about that sweet elbow Joe. Yeah. You can't double, you can you see the whole flow. You can't double team you not by the three, you don't have a live dribble. You can catch it off the jab. You can get him off me with a foul. Yeah. So like they, they putting them in a great position to be successful. Hey, hey, hey Pete Bell, Peter Paul said try it on baby. Hey they, they out there. I like when they throw the ball to Harden Stein a check and they they do their little cut game action. Yeah. They do the handoff. That's hard to guard man. That is hard to guard because once you come to Shaa with a dribble handoff, now he got a live dribble, he got the catch a shoot. Now he can manipulate the defense however the way he want. And I felt with them playing like that, especially in that first quarter, it got so many people involved in the game that, You know, they was able to kind of blow the thing open and You know, I just thought Indiana with their resiliency, You know, they were able to fight back in the game.


They look, you can have Indiana down by 20, once they score, they picking you, they turn around right in your mug. They ready. Yeah. You know what I mean? So we gonna get 'em a lot of credit because I had been counting them out. I ain't gonna lie to you. They showed me, they showed me a lot of heart, You know, throughout this whole postseason. J Dub kept it real after the game. He had a 40 piece. He said, sorry, I'm tired, to be honest. I can imagine because You know, hey he, he's taking responsibility. I mean he's tried to pick up, he's tried to defend what was his, what was his stat tonight? He had 46 rebounds, four assists of steel, only had one turnover had four personal files. So that lets me, he's involved, that lets me know, he, hey, he tried on defense when guys, when guys get four, five.


I'm saying that's how you see it. P be and I I I just look at it, man. If this guy, if this guy's on the court, we up 14 points. I I look at it like that. Then I look at the last game. He's on the court, we, we plus 11 points. I have to play this guy. That's the reason why he always plus, oh yeah, let's talk about this trade. The Memphis Grizzly sent Desmond Bain to the Orlando Magic. A KCP, Contavious, Caldwell, Pope Cole, Anthony 4 1, 2, 3, 4 unprotected first round picks and it pick, swap. Hold on. I don't think y'all heard me pee 'cause I ain't get the reaction that I thought I was gonna get from you.


1, 2, 3, 4 unprotected first round picks and a pick swab. Yeah. I mean, when you do something like, lemme, are you blowing it up? Are you, are you gonna get rid of John? Are you gonna get rid of Triple J? I mean what's going on? What's going on Joe? Man, they, that's what it looked like. I'm like, man, they gave up a lot, You know, to, for Desmond Bain. Yeah. They gave up a lot from Desmond Bain, man, but man, I, I don't know what Memphis got going on over there. I, I don't know what they plan on doing. Maybe they will get rid of JA and jj, but I'm like, why if you do that then what, what you banking on?


What you, I mean, what's gonna be your drawing? You know what I mean? You get rid of them. Yeah. IIII look at it like this. Right? I look at it like this, right. If, if I'm gm I'm looking at it like, if I wanted to start a team, right? Obviously I'm gonna pick the guy that I wanna start the team with. I'm gonna pick a five man. But if there's anybody else that you need as like a shooter, a glue guy, a guy that can just get you points from, from nowhere. I honestly think he's an upgrade from Calwell Pope if we being honest You dead in band. Yeah. If we being honest, he's done it in the regular season. He's done it on the, I, You know. Oh, you said he's an upgrade on kcp? Yeah, I I I he.


Oh yeah, for sure. For sure. Right, right. When, when, when And and I, and I think Memphis all also needed a, a guard who can bring up the ball, You know, who can go get hiss own bucket. I like that In Cole Anton Cole an they also needed some, some some, some, some locker room presence. I like that. From KCP. Right? I, I don't like the picks. Right. But we, it's been so up and down in the NBA Luca Johnson gets a one first round, a guy gets three first rounds. So it, you just don't know the, the scale of of of, of how they negotiate with the picks. Like we just don't know. And you see Rudy Gobert go for four first round picks, right? Yeah. So we just don't know. But see here Go ahead Pat. Go ahead.


Yeah, we, it's just hard for us to know like what's actually been said in those conversations. So like we can look at it like, man, what the hell, what, what's wrong with y'all? How y'all giving up that much Right to the naked eye. But I don't know, it might have been the deals and and placed before. We don't know if it's, You know, it's, it's so much with this business that you really, You know, you don't know everything. But I, I thought Scotty Pippin Jr. Played well for Memphis last year when Ja was, when Ja was down. I thought he played well Pbe. Yeah, I think, I think, I Think you keep him and you get Cole also, right? Yeah. I don't Think you can as many he play ball handles and Playmakers. You can have, You know, I think that's, that's a good, that's a good look. I think Luke Canard, Luke Canard is up for contract. I think he's free agent. Right? So I mean that's, that's an open position that's, You know, that's telling you they might not wanna bring Luke NAR back.


So, You know, I I think I liken what the presence with KPA winner who's done it before. Someone that can be in Ja, I like Jared Jackson, JJ and Ja still together, You know, so we, we just, I like eating, You know what I'm saying? We just have to see how I go now. Yeah, I, it, I mean I'm looking at this, I'm like, what message? I don't think they got better. I don't, I don't think they got better with this trade. I don't think Memphis, they're still ninth c they, they for the play. Yeah. With the, the move they made today. They're still in the playing. Yeah. I mean, you gotta, I don't look at them and says, okay, with this move right here, now they're top five, they're top five, top four seeds. I don't look at it like that.


You think they're top four, top five seed right now? People? No. You gotta think this is the same team that that fire Taylor Jenkins. So, You know, you gotta come in thinking that sometimes maybe they don't, they don't think the right way at all, You know? Okay. You know what I'm saying? So you gotta understand like, oh man, this is the same organization that fired a a, a phenomenal coach, you feel me? They, they been in the headlines with Ja Moran and this, this, they've been in the headlines more than the Hollywood team. You know the Memphis, you was there. I was, unfortunately I was there. Yeah. Matter of fact, you was on the team. Yeah, you were there too. I said, I checked on and say, uncle good, you, I'm cool. I'm like, yeah man, I you said man. You say hey, you say, hey, let that go man.


Let it go, man. They, they on some bull drive them young boys. They like that. Let it go, let it go. So like Babe, been in the news more than, than, than than the Hollywood team. So like, You know, you, you, you always have to question in any mood they make going forward.


Meta AI is the personal AI that's tailored to you. Now with its very own app. It's built to get to know you, offering helpful answers and inspiration, looking for something to add to your bucket list. Meta AI goes beyond traveling the world. It remembers you're a basketball fanatic and suggests you attend Wonder, the playoff games. Just start typing or speaking to get the answers you need, wherever and whenever because meta AI is your personal ai. Download the meta AI app now available on the Apple App store and Google Play.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family, learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Hello? Hello. Malcolm Gladwell here and I'd like to talk to you about inclusion. What does that mean? Well, it means making the world more accessible for everyone, including people with autism. Specifically I'd like to talk about the efforts at the folks at Easterseals Southern California had been undertaking to ensure that neurodivergent people are able to use personal transportation safely. Easterseals Southern California was faced with a problem. Some people with autism can have difficulties riding in their family vehicles safely. They may become dangerous to the driver or others in the car. This greatly impacts the quality of their life to serve the communities it works with. Easterseals Southern California needed bold thinking and powerful partners. This partnership came in the form of Florio vr, a company that focuses on creating immersive first person VR experiences that help people with autism learn how to safely navigate the world around them. Powered by T-Mobile for Business' 5G Network. This first of its kind therapy is tailor made for Easterseals is specialized communities. Thanks to this innovative therapeutic approach, neurodiverse individuals can practice via simulation, riding in vehicles safely, adjusting to distractions outside of the vehicle and to different routes. All with Easter Seals is trademark individualized learning approach that teaches independence and makes the world a little less scary for its efforts. Easterseals Southern California was awarded first place for innovation in customer experience by T-Mobile for business in 2024. This year's awards will be held on October 20th in Orlando, Florida. And we're looking for your game changing projects. If your company is a T-Mobile for business customer, you can nominate your team now. Put your best foot forward and reward your team's hard work entries closed July 31st. Head to T-Mobile dot com slash enter right now to learn more.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nissen report.


Hey look, could you see them trading JA in Triple J? Man, I can't see that. I, I know, I know the rumors been spreading around, but man, Ja is star power where he's box office. I think I think a lot. I think they lean, I Think you should, they putting more pressure on him to be elite, to be one of the top guys in this league. And JJ like you got two great pieces who work together. I don't know why you would trade that and, and, and what you would get back for it. You know what I mean? That would be comfortable to what, You know, they give so I I don't see, I don't see them trading him. I think they looking for Ja to take that next step and You know, be, be, be elite in this league.


Be one of the top elite guards man. That's how they gonna be able to contend. I think Ja Jas phenomenal. He can do it. He just can't stay. He gotta stay healthy though, Joe. I think that's why they got them other guards. That's why you bring in Cole Anthony. You keep Scotty Pimping because of his injury history. But if you gonna keep him healthy, I think Oh, he's phenomenal. Yeah. Yeah. He's, he's phenomenal and be besides, I mean, you get rid of him. Who, Hey look, there are very few big man that team that, that people ever have ever come to see. So you, you, they come to see small, they come to see guards, they come to see LeBrons and Kevin Durant.


They come to see Steph Currys and James Harden and guys like that. I mean look, triple J is phenomenal but they people ain't gonna be lining up to see Triple J and Zach, Edie, I'm sorry b You know, this a start driven league, bro. You know what I mean? He got commercials, this, that and the third. Like he, he got a shoe. Yeah, he got his own. He the culture, he the coach too, right? Coach he just looking Coach, take that next step man, You know, be a little bit more disciplined in the things that he doing off the court. You know, hold himself accountable and You know, come in and help get that franchise, You know, back to they winning ways. Yeah, because he the, he the, he the chief of the Y Yns. Oh yeah. All the, all the Yns love him. They love him.


The death. Yeah. Him and BA young boy they love, they love him too the most. Yeah. So got coach, they can't do no wrong. They can't do, he got the culture, he just gotta stay healthy. Like you said. He healthy. Hey, hey, hey. See, see, see what they feel like is bad for the public eye. Like, like P Bell said, he yns they loving it, You know what I mean? They love it. They love it, they love it. They love to see him acting like that. But here's the thing, bro, do you understand how much money you cost yourself? That's what I'm talking about. I mean, you make big money, you, hey, you get suspended for 20 games. Hey P Bail back. Come on now. 20 games. That's probably three. That's two 3 million, 4 million. I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna tell you who mad Janet Jackson Jr. Mad. Oh man. Because yeah. Oh yeah, he calls himself a hundred mil.


Mm. Hey, You know they all the NBA they talking about, they talking about, they talking about your homie cost him all that money. LeBron James. Yeah, they, they say LeBron if, if LeBron, if LeBron don't get that position, they say that's for sure JJJ Spot and he get that three 50. But I, but I, but here's the thing. Does anybody think Triple JI played LeBron this year. No, not, not even close. Not even close, but in my mind. But see that's the thing I'm thinking like, man they done gave it to LeBron for 20 years, at least get me. You know? So I feel it both ways. And, and, and the thing is, is that you can't win.


They said okay, we want this. Okay, now you got writers that's going to decide how much money you actually made. Ain't that? Why ain't that Why First team, second team, third team, first to second team. All N-B-A-M-V-P you right. Hey look Cold game now. It's a cold game for me man. It used to be the players voted but they say, man, y'all got favoritism, you got your players X, Y, and Z. So they say, You know what, let's turn it over to the writers. They turned it over to the writers, bro, you ain't gonna, somebody gonna be disappointed because the season that will average 50 and 25. He didn't win the MVP. So up until 1980 players voted for the MVP.


Yeah. They said, nah man. Man y'all be buddy buddy. Y'all be hanging out the All Star game, y'all cool. So you vote for your buddy. Okay. They said, I'll tell you what, we gonna take it out now. The rider's got it. Not what you wanna do. Somebody gotta vote, somebody gotta win. MVPP be somebody, gotta be first, second team on NBA. Somebody gotta be first to second team all defensive. So, and, and got a Wendy's award. So what's a way that you guys, you guys played in the league, how would you like to see that handled? I, I, I ahead. I like how ahead, I like how it's been handled. Like I and I and I, I think that once, once you kind of understand and the older you get that basketball's a huge business and, and part of basketball being a business is, is it, it it it's partly entertaining also.


Right? It's, it's entertainment. It's fans being entertained by a guy shooting threes, guys and You know, doing call crazy dunks. So once I kind of found that out and I, I used to steal stuff, I'm like, hey, okay cool, I see Tony Allen throwing up first scene. Okay cool. Anytime I get a big stop I'm gonna throw up first scene. Right. Right. That'll trigger people to be like, oh yeah, he's first seen going, media has to go with it. Right? Yeah. So I get to playing a game now. I don't, I'm not, I haven't been at the luxury to, You know, see 350 million or get voted ndp. I haven't been in that luxury, but I know the small things I did. So ain't no telling what guys out here doing, guys probably sending wine bottles, all types of stuff out there.


But here's the thing, people, but the before you go Joe, is that if Memphis, if Ja take care of what now they're on television more and now people see 'em more. Yeah. Good call, good call. See LeBron's on you, the Lakers, you got 40, 42, 43 televised games. So you gonna see LeBron, you going see Luca, you gonna see Jason Tatum, you're gonna see a lot of these guys. But in Memphis it's contingent. So when Jaw's there and they're playing well Memphis, we used to see Memphis and we see Ja be a second team. We see J Triple J be on the all NBA selection. Yeah, but when you're out of sight, look, I only got so bad. Look, I'm, I'm following the team. A lot of these people are beat riders.


Everybody's not. And they all these games, everybody ain't watching everybody play. It's not like the NBA, I mean, excuse me, NFL all the games come on Sunday. You got some playing, playing Wednesday. They got some team playing Tuesday. They got some team Thursday they got Pro. So I can't, hey, I can't keep up with everything p be alright. Alright. Hey listen, I think with with Jan Jackson Jr. P Bev for me is like, he hang his hat so much on offense nowadays and I think he need to go back to being that mean defensive prisons. I don't know if he can lead the league in in blocks anymore with wi being in the NBA but no he ain't win that. He ain't win that. No he ain't win. That ain't nobody win.


Ain't nobody, ain't nobody Finn to win the block title with Wendy there, but he got, he got a, his hat on defense. You know, his offensive game will come, You know, if he, if he let his, his defense fuel his offense versus just standing out there at the three point line, You know, shooting a lot of threes. I know he got a nice little bag, You know, with him offensively. But they need his defensive presence for them to be effective in that, in that wild, wild West. Hey he, he, he, he said that so, so we played him, we played him in the playoffs when I was in Minnesota and, and and he was, and the next year he wanted to kind of work on his offense and his switch was okay, if I focus all on my defense, I'm gonna end up in a, in foul trouble a lot.


He led the leagues, he led the league in fouls also the year. So his thing was like, I'm gonna balance it out. I'm gonna go a little bit more offense just to, You know, I ain't gonna put all my energy on defense. I'm gonna put a little bit more of my energy on offense to kind of balance it out. 'cause when he was all defense he was fo that may have foul out every game. But the prob the problem is you gonna have is that they've made the all NBA team positionless. So now you might have 5, 6, 7, 8, 10, 4 Fords or threes or guards. So it's not like we gotta have a a five, a four, a three, a two and a one. So 'cause you look at the second team, I mean you look at all I like damn and so now you really ain't half but Yoki was the only center.


Yeah there was no Joe L bead because You know when Joe Lbi come back healthy, he get in one of them spots. Yeah, for sure. But he he ain't never gonna play enough games to get no spot, huh? That's right. Well you might be right. So you gotta play, you gotta play 65. They put the on a lot of people. Yeah, yeah. So that's why I'm saying for me it's like I feel like it's kind of, You know, it's kind of easy for him to crack in that. 'cause there's a lot of these top guys, they not gonna play enough games to even be qualified for any of these awards. You know what I mean? So if he can keep himself healthy, I say a a solid 22, 23 game will about 12 rebounds, You know a couple blocks man that'll put you right there. Third, second. Hey You know how about hey, hey be a 1911 guy with three blocks with two and a half blocks.


That's the best you could do because if you put 20 points, 22 points a game that takes too much away from his defense. Yeah. Oh. Oh you just gave away bangs how much bangs average he averaged 20 something right? Yeah bangs average about 19, 20 KKCP and and and them other guys come in. Cole, Anthony, Cole, they not going, they not gonna be putting up points like that. Now they gonna have some games where they gonna be lights out. But for the most part I'm saying to be consistent, You know he has to be consistent on night to night basis. That's basically what they gonna be looking at. Hey gotta work. Hey gotta get tighten them handles up PB you gotta be able to put that thing on the plug. Get to that spot man. He better get his ass to the block left block. Right Block hundred man a hundred right hooks.


You don't put no because hey look how many bigs we got in the league? Unc who can who can't get really of none. It ain't about four five of when you talk, when you talk about True. I'm talking about like a yoic and an Embi. Yeah, I mean theoretically they listen Gianni says a big and LeBron and JT and all that but Evan Mobley, Jared Allen. But when you really look out talking about like big bigs that play big, I be triple J right now. That's what I a ad. Yeah. Now ad healthy a with ad healthy. Yeah so you got Yoic, you got Embi, you got ad you got Giannis.


So that's four, that's four fours right. The five fours and fives. You could take Giannis. Giannis done made first 10 in the last eight years. You could go ahead and take him off that. He gonna be on that. He definitely gonna be on that. He gonna be on that and, and and and Yoic. It's gonna be hard for somebody to unseen him 'cause he gonna have, damn this team gotta after triple double. This team gotta win. This team gotta win. They have to win. That's it. Yep, that's it. They gotta win. Did the ba, did the Bain trade expose? How badly the Mavericks Bosch Delucca deal? The Mavericks, the Lakers gave up one first round pick for Luca. The Maverick gave up four first round picks and a pick swap. Oh.


P be they they got ad in return ad ain't no slouch. Okay. He ain't no slouch. He can play like he an all star caliber guy. If he could stay healthy, like he, but if he, they they treated La Desmond Bain like he was an all star with four first round picks, unprotected normally PBM you like, okay they got some protection. Okay top five protected. They like nah, nah, ain't nothing protected. We all out everything out. Yeah, right. Ever pig swap that kind of remind, that kind of reminds you of the clipper deal done the pit bill when they gave to get shape. Oh yeah, I I was there. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I was there for that one.


Yeah, I was there. I thought and, and looking back on it, I thought for a minute like, yeah, we won this trade easy. Oh, I was wrong. When you hold on, were you there, were you, were you there with, were you there with Shea? He was my rookie. Where y'all keep forgetting that. Why you think he a dog? Huh? So, so did, did you, did you see, okay, obviously he was a, he was a a a lottery pick, but did you think he could turn into this? I told him the, I told him the third day of training camp, I tapped Luke. I, me and Luke sitting down. I tapped Luke. I Hey Luke, hey, he called Lu say yeah, he, he, he, he different. I'm like, nah, nah, nah, nah, Lou, he I get up from Lou, I you don't hear what I'm gonna say.


I go right to say, he say, how good do you think he could be? You know he, he from the sixth. So he talk like he talk different than he's like, I mean I think I could be like really good. I'm like, nah, nah, that's ass boy. Not you, you, you a superstar. You mean like all Star? I'm like, no, no, no, no. Superstar like Michael Jordan, Kobe Bryant hug. Like, like he seriously so fast forward, You know, I see his mom out shopping and while, You know, while we playing Toronto and she's like, man, thank you for, You know, telling my son that like you gave him that confidence. Like he, after you said that, he really believed it. People always forget Sha was my rookie. He sha was my rookie.


He, yeah, he, next year he went with Chris, Paul and Dennis Schroer respectfully, You know, everybody gotta get they room from somewhere else. But nah, SHA was getting that ball in the playoffs and we was playing Steph Curry. Hey man, get Seth 30, what are you doing when you pass me the ball? Go get Seth 30. Killer. Wow. Yeah. Hey, hey look. But, but when you look at it, Unc, Unc and p bev, certain things happening throughout guy's career, they kinda helped take him to that next level. You know what I mean? Him getting traded from the Clippers, you never know how he was thinking. He may was thinking like, man, they ain't think I was good enough. So Yeah, of course, of course. Yeah. So now anytime somebody get rid of you, that's what they're telling you. So, so, so now he in the lab working hard as ever, You know, probably showing proof, like, all right, I'm gonna show him.


I don't know if he, if he expected himself to, to reach this level, but man, quickly it's been, it's been, it's been special to watch. It's been special. Nah, what? Well like I see him the next year and lay up line or something. He was like, man, that trade. I was like, yeah man, what you think of he like, man, what you mean you don't trade me for him? You know, like talking about Paul George. I'm like, yeah, like, and, and and, and to be a second, third year guy like saying that shows you how much confidence they had. But I, I think it happened, I think it happened later. I think it happened when they got rid of Dennis Schroer and CP and they put the ball all in his hands. Yeah, right. Yeah. Because that's when you kind of seen like that 19 point 20 point sky up to 30.


Yeah. Like when that once, once they like clean house and like made him the primary ball handler, everything changed everything and building around him, everything changed since then. So I think that was a, that was a, that was, you got to again, Sam Preci, that's a, that's a, that's another one of Sam's brilliant moves. And look and I think we both get why the Clippers had to do this. You get in Kauai, Kauai is basically saying, well if y'all don't do this, I'm gonna go with the Lakers. Do y'all really want me LeBron and ad and then y'all, y'all got a cup, pat be that wouldn't have worked out well for y'all, man. I know, but we only in our mind, you, you gotta think we just took the year before, we just took Golden State six games with Kevin Durant. Right? So in our mind, our mind we thinking like, man, we just need one more person.


We cool. Right? So they was, they were shopping. KD might come, You know, there was a, a thoughts that Kauai might come. We didn't think Kauai and Paul George was gonna come, You know, so for us we looking like, oh man, we got a real chance to win a championship. And that's when You know, You know things, You know the bubble happened and the three one happened and injuries happened and next thing You know, You know Shaa Shay's the MVP and he's in the championship game up, up three, two right now, another day another KD Trade Watch. The sons reportedly aren't committing the trading K due to one of its preferred landing spots. Miami, Houston, San Antonio, all no state income tax.


P I'm gonna come to you first Joe, lemme ask you this, has KD earned the right to choose his landing spot, man? Yes. Yes. That man is an all time great. He's done nothing but play hard now. Everybody, You know, chastised him about his leadership. But dude love the hoop man. He love the game. So You know what you going get from him. P Bev, You know what you gonna get from man? He gonna be efficient from the floor. He gonna be the, the the easy money sniper. The game comes easy to him now help him out. You know, it ain't like, it ain't like the places he asking, they ain't got talent that you can get some guys back in return to where you can still be competitive.


You'll be better than what you wore last year. Hell, you ain't even make the play in last year. You trade them the San Antonio or Houston. I feel like you can, Houston, you can get some good comparable pieces to where you'll still be in contention. You can, you can at least make the playoffs. This all I understand is this. We've, we've seen, we've seen kd, we've seen KD at all for, and I mean since I've been in NBA, I don't know, 13, 14, 15 years, whatever, right? We've seen him in in in in places where when he's happy, right? And I mean happy, like it's a great team. It's not a surface running around it. He plays elite basketball, right?


When he goes to places where it's, You know, the Brooklyn net scenario and You know, this and that. I'm not saying it wasn't elite ball, I'm just saying like, it was just a little harder. His teams were not as good. You know, like, so I Think you get Katie, you get him in that, You know, one of those teams, he's obviously, he went to University of Texas, no state taxes, You know, so people love that. People love playing and somewhere hell yeah, some somewhere in Texas. Right? So when you, you played, played in Houston. Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm, yeah, you played in LA I'm in my eastern house now. Yeah, I'm in my Houston house now. Yeah. So like, when you get, when you as a, as an athlete, we all know when you get to somewhere it's a fresh start. You got a lot of young talent. You got, You know, you, you, you, you, you, you're not beefing with a coach.


Like we don't know the dynamic with him and a coach. Like you got something new, you got a coach that you believe in your game goes to another level automatically, You know? So I just think that's kind of the situation that he was in. It sounds like some things that, You know, pro I wouldn't say promise to him, but You know, as far as how they, You know, wanna win. And then, You know, you get the coach who Boone Holzer, who's not, not for everybody, right? He's not for everybody. He, he does things this particular way and it works. He's won a championship, it works right? So you can't blame him. But we see that, You know, that fit. It just didn't work. It just didn't work for, for Kevin Durant,


Meta AI is the personal AI that's tailored to you now with its very own app. It's built to get to know you, offering helpful answers and inspiration. Looking for something to add to your bucket list. Meta AI goes beyond traveling the world. It remembers you're a basketball fanatic and suggests you attend one of the playoff games. Just start typing or speaking to get the answers you need, wherever and whenever because meta AI is your personal ai. Download the meta AI app now available on the Apple App store and Google Play


When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school because family supports family at American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that mows with you as a military spouse, your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Hello, hello Malcolm Gladwell here. Nowadays it can be easy to get lost in the noise, especially if you're an employee at a company with over 300,000 people. I mean that's approximately the entire population of Orlando, Florida. But more in Orlando later. Infosys is that kind of company and they're growing every year. This created a unique problem. How to handle the day-to-day growth, appreciation, and training needs of a mid-size city worth of employees. A one size fits all approach simply would not work. An individualized attention would need its own army of employees to manage. So emphasis went above and beyond creating an innovative AI based employee platform that boosts productivity and helps everyone reach their full potential. Of course the company couldn't do it without some powerful partners. Infosys teamed up with T-Mobile for business to make this innovative employee offering mobile first and built it around the most transformative tech since the personal computer artificial intelligence. Now we're not talking about chat GPT or image generation here. We're talking about a deep database driven application that personalizes it itself for every employee. Since launching this platform, emphasis boasts a workforce that feels connected and ready to take on whatever challenges come next. For this hard work emphasis was awarded first place for innovation in employee enablement in 2024 by T-Mobile for business. And that brings us to today. Entries are now open for this year's T-Mobile for business owners. The award ceremony will be held October 20th in Orlando, Florida. See, I told you we'd be talking about Orlando and I'll be there as a keynote speaker and guest judge entries are open now head to T-Mobile dot com slash enter to nominate your team. And with any luck, I'll see you in October.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nissen report.


P Bev, you said something very interesting. You say when there's not a circus, KD played his best basketball once he left OKC at Golden State because all he got to do was hoop. Yeah. You see, you go to Brooklyn, they're counting on you. They want you to lead even though you want to just hoop, they want you to lead. You go to Phoenix now you and Devin Booker should have to lead. You see, you got Clay, you got Step, you got Draymond. I get to be a back. Really, truly I can lead sing, but I kinda like being in the back up. I kinda like doing back background vocals. Right? Right. So I don't know because now at this point in, at this point in time now guys, everybody that gives Kevin Durant, they look at him as a hard gun.


We're bringing you here to get us over the hump. That's, that's why they gonna get him. So the expectation wherever he goes is gonna be expedite. He goes to Miami. Miami's expected to be able to compete for a title. Yeah. Now it's being reported. Mark Spear says Kevin Durant was interested in joining the Knicks as well, but the Knicks were not interested in pursuing him. Now I don't know how true that is, but Mark Spear seems to be a reputable reporter and I haven't heard anybody come by and say Mark Spears. Mark Spears doesn't know what he's talking about. All I can just go by is what's being reported. And Mark j Spear says he wanted to go to the Knicks. Now when he had, we was a free agent.


The Knicks really wanted Kevin Dur red. Yeah. When he bypassed them and jumped over and went to Brooklyn. Now he was at OKC, probably KC say, nah, we good. So wherever he's going, the pressure is gonna be what he felt when he went to Golden State because they're like, hold on, they got step, they got Clay, they got Draymond, they won 73 games the year before. They just lost a three one lead where Kevin Durant should be a breeze. And it was. Yeah. And maybe it became too easily, maybe Kevin Durant says, my job is done here. Yeah. What do you think about that? What do you guys think about that? I don't think Phoenix was a good team if we're being totally honest.


Right? I don't think they were a team where they got Kevin Durant and you looked at their roster and you like, this is a team that can win a championship. Didn't need Bradley bill. Yeah, I didn't, I don't think that was anyone's thought. I didn't think anyone thought that once Phoenix got Katie that they were gonna win a championship. I honestly thought when they lost cp they were gonna go down and they and they've been going down since. That's who they should kept. Yeah. You know, so like that, that's my mindset. Right. And you, you obviously you add a player like Bradley Bill who's, You know, phenomenal talent dealing with injury. But when he plays and he's, he's healthy, he plays well you got this guy on Ball Defender, you got this guy, the three points a game, maybe five points on a game.


I mean they, they just wasn't getting the best versions of the players that we are, we're accustomed to. That's all. But you played them outta position. I understand Devin, Devin Booker can play. He's not a point. No he's a two and there are a lot of these guys that are saying, oh they got a position, they got PG by the name. There are two guards masquerading Pbe F Yeah, Devin Booker is not a point. He played his best basketball when CP was there. Yeah. That's the best basketball we seen. And they got to a championship. They should have kept, they should have kept CP three. I'm not saying you gotta pay him 25, $30 million, but I'm saying you keep him. You didn't need Bradley Bill. If you can't get enough score from Kevin Ran and Devin Booker that.


Well I, I don't know what to tell you because in the process of getting Devin Bradley, bill, you give up all your debt. The reason these two teams that are in the finals Indiana, in in in in the KC What depth bitch? Yeah. No. That's how they beat all the teams. I honestly think if they, I I, I honestly think, I'm gonna be honest, I think they fought, they dropped the ball when they got rid of Deandre 80. If we beat, we got rid of Deandre. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's him and Monty couldn't get along. I don't But now you see you don't got Monte or you don't got Deandre a You know, coaches, coaches are revolving doors. We see that already. Well you ain't got vo you ain't got a Vogel, you ain't got blue holder, you ain't got money.


You, you only or your your fourth coach in four years. Yeah. Yeah. It's hard. It's hard to get consistency and continuity when you doing it like that people. 'cause that's a old new sister and they looking for five man. Now he might coach it one way and somebody coach it another way. Yeah. And they looking for a five man. Now think about that because you think, hey look, you Think you think guys are easily replaceable in this league and they not bro, they not. Look you give up CP who was a hell of a orchestrator and You know, he would've made sure Devin Booker and and Kevin Durant got they points. Yes. So I agree with y'all. I don't, I don't think Bradley Bill was a great fit. 'cause now you trying to make sure all three of these guys get at least 15 to 20 shots a night and it just didn't add up to wins.


And that's easy to guard. That's easy to guard. Okay, cool. He go shoot, he go shoot 17, he go shoot 18, he go shoot 22. All right, cool. Got it. Stop one of them we win. Right. Easy game point some in the sons organization, believe Bradley Bill will produce when KD is gone per Jake Fisher, there's a, like there is a likewise some hope within the sons that moving Kevin Durant could possibly present Bradley bill with the more offensive opportunity producer. A matter you expect from a player with that sort of contract as the Stein line has previously reported, various candidates considering during the son's recent coaching search was asked how would they try to get the best out of Bradley bill if he remained a son.


Hey, he, he gonna have, well he gonna have to step up if they get rid of Kevin Durant, Brad Bill definitely he gotta step in that role in, in p be all he gonna have to, they gonna need at least 22 to 25 punch from him a night man. And I trust that coach. I, I had that coach, I had that coach before he, they got a really good coach. Jordan. I coach, I he was the elite coach. And I mean elite. He's, he, he, he, his IQ on a, on, on a, on a offensively is is is so simple but, so like advanced and what he does defensively, he's one of the few coaches that can do both. I had him as a coach. Like we talk con like I have a text message right now from him. You know, happy Father's Father's Day.


So like coach ot, he's a phenomenal coach. Don't sleep on him. Well hey look, I don't know what kind of system he gonna implement, but they need, they need Bradley Bill to be the guy who they got from the Wizards at 26, 27 a night. Now I but when you, I don't know if he can average that, but he, Hey look, they, they gonna need him to be one of them top guns on a consistent basis. Mm. But he and Bradley b him and Devin book are really the same person. I agree. They're the same people. People, they, they need a center. They need a center, they need a center. But when you gave up all those, think about it. You had just went to the NBA finals.


You had Deandre Aton, you had Mikhail Bridges, you had book, you had cp you had Cam Yeah, yeah. You, yeah, you had a knife and you blow that all up, you get rid of Aton. Not for whatever reason seemed like Aton and, and, and, and, and Monty was going back and forth. YIII don't know, but it just seemed like they was always buting heads on the sideline looking at it from the tv. I I was not, You know, just watching it from a distance. It seemed like they was always buting head. But you blow it up and you've had three coaches. You about to be on your fourth coach and for, since they last won a title. Yeah. And you, you get Kevin Durant look at what you gave up. You traded Mikel Bridge, you traded draft and draft picks.


You give up draft picks to get Bradley Bill. So okay, you got three guys that can score, but they gonna be stepping over Kevin and Red Knot, but kind Bradley bill and, and, and, and and book. They kind of stepping over each other doing the same thing. And you ain't got no doubt, you ain't got no big messing be meant. Well yeah, I think, I think it might be a chess piece too. Right? It might be a chess piece too. You look at these moves that guys giving up picks. Like you get these big name guys and no, you might, you can get picks back and not if picks back you can get younger talent and assets for 'em too. Right. Like we don't know what what this Kevin, Kevin Durant, you don't know what kind of hall of a trade is gonna be with k he 37 with an injury history P ba what you think.


And You know, he wanna leave. So now you can ask for more. You could definitely ask for more now. 'cause I know he wants to leave. No, I keep him, I if I know he wants to leave. Okay. I, okay. I can ask for a whole bunch of more. Okay. Yeah, he wanna leave anyway. Go ahead. Set. But I'll give it to you because he's 37 and he has an injury history. Is he a phenomenal talent? Absolutely. There's a reason why he was on the, the 75th anniversary team. He's one of the, he's one of the great players in NBA history. But we can't ignore the fact Pat Bev, he's 37 with an injury history. But you told us in the beginning of the show, you just said if, if this player is coming to, if, if this, if this player is coming to your team, is he feeling if is is, is Jared Jackson filling up stands? We said no, no.


Kevin Durant come to your team. He is feeling them up. Is he in the lineup that night? Because he might be hurt. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I I think if you got him on the organization, he gonna fill up stance because we know every organization he's been in, he's got, he's especially Brooklyn. He came to Brooklyn, he missed a whole year and half and, and, and missed that bubble year and half the year didn't play till the following. So we get that Phoenix. He got to Phoenix and got hurt immediately. He got Nick last year. Hey love. Oh, I, I feel like, I feel like he, he getting he deal with them injuries, man. 'cause of the workload that he gotta carry, I think he gotta carry too much of a workload. Like you say, when he was with, when he was with Golden State, all he had to do was just who, You know, he didn't have to do a whole lot of dirty work.


You know what I mean? He could he get to Brooklyn, they expect a lot outta him. Absolutely. Offensively and offensively. And I think that puts him in a comparable situation to where he's having to deal with injuries. I didn't think they needed James Harden. I didn't either man, I just as great as the talent James is. It's just like, it's kinda like the situation in Phoenix. It's like you got three over kids. Three, you got three bonafide players. Right. And You know what James can do, You know, he, he can go get you 30 and and 12 on any given night, but it's like you, you got too much offensive power and it just, it didn't, it didn't add up. It didn't add up, it didn't add up the wins.


And when you get, guess what you did, guess what you de because when you trade for James, because think about it, you got Kyrie and KD for nothing. They were free agents. They came and you didn't have to give up no compensation, you didn't have to give up no draft capital. You didn't have to give up No players. Now you get James, you got to give up draft capital and you gotta give up players to get him. Yeah. I I ain't, when we played against that Brooklyn Nest team, they was so talented. I, and I mean that's the year James hard and I too. So we really didn't really get to see the full potential, how that team looked all together. You know, we might've seen, You know them together for a little bit of period of time. I think Kai got hurt that year. I think James got hurt. So we really didn't really get to see the best, the best, the best form of that.


But when I, when we played them and I think I was with the Clippers and we played them, it was nothing that we could do. Like it was, it was so much going on at like, it was, I it was, it was matchup problems over here. Matchup problems on post matchup problems, pick and roll. Like it was so many matchup problems that there wasn't a lot that we could do. They just wasn't healthy, man. I bet what I what Look, you guys followed in b and I followed, was it always like this, like the, the, the the the transcendent historically great players end up moving like this? Nah, I mean because think about it. KD was at OKC, golden State.


Brooklyn. Phoenix. Now he about to be on his 15th. I and two of the teams, he's been traded of the, he got traded from Brooklyn to Phoenix and now he's about to be traded from Phoenix to to wherever he goes. I think that the sense of like the money is obviously got, I blame the ring. Well no, I I it's it's the money, right? It's the money and then it's, it's, it's, it's it's guys like you gonna see a lot of guys back then using their voice. Everyone has a clap. They couldn't on now, right? Yeah. They didn't, they didn't have them. The empowerment like the guy now people right now. So like now you can go and be like, nah man, he getting that I want this and if I can't get this, I'm gonna go to another team.


Go get it. Right. Right. And you got guys that got relationships like, Hey bro, what you do in the summer? All right, cool. All right, we could do this. We could do, so like you got guys that's working behind the scenes that's like, okay cool, they go maximize in which they should. Right. And what they should. So like, it's just different now. It's different times right now it, I think it's more of a flex, right? Right. You see a, you see a, a guy play on one team his whole career. A guy like Steph Curry, right? Guy like Dre Ma. It's You know, moving teams guys feel like, okay, I can win a championship over there. I can change the coach over there. I can win a championship over there. They, it, it's more of a flex a little bit. I agree. Hey, then when you look at Durant, man, he's such a polarizing, You know, player meaning he's always gonna have value.


You know what I mean? So it don't, it don't matter where he is at. Somebody's gonna always want him on his team because his skillset is is second to none. You know, it it, a, a team can always use it. You look at, for me, you look at yeah, who could use 26, 27 points a night. But look, you look at it, you look at Houston p be who were the number two seed in this year's playoffs and they were a young team. They struggled scoring the ba scoring the basketball. Especially you get Kevin Durant, You know, you, you don't have them problems. You know what I mean? Yeah. So I I know I I'm sure they gonna get him traded. I just hope he goes to a situation to where, You know, it is, it is, it's comfortable for him and he's able to just hoop play his game and be the easy money sniper that we know he is.


And I think he's Kevin. Look, he's Kevin Durant. The days are just hooping the over Yeah, he got there when he first got, when he first got to when he was in Seattle for that one year. And when he went to, and when he went to, they went to OKC. When he go to Golden State, ain't no more just hooping because the expectation is championship. Yeah. Anybody that trade for Kevin Dur red right now, p Bev and Joe, You know this. Yeah. They expect championship because the windows closed, realistic affair or whatever the case you want to want to use. He's a seven foot scored machine. He's a fishing out of the yin yang. I mean he shot, I mean he had an off year shooting from the free throw line because he shot like 84, 80 5%, which is crazy.


He's normally 89 90. Yeah. But he gave it 26, 5 and six. And so he goes to Houston. You know what that means? They had the number two seed. They expect to go further if he goes to Miami, You know what the expectations is when you go to Riley led organization. So there, there's no place he can go that he's gonna be able to rest comfortably because the expectations are going to fall in Kevin Durant. I think, I think, I think he can go to, I ain't gonna, when you talk about one in a million or a billion chances of like there's only one, a couple teams that he could have went to and, and and, and they under achie. Right. And one of 'em is Phoenix. Right. New situation, new coach.


Your coach is gone. It's the first year, you don't know how it looks. He could go to any other team though and definitely take that team where it needs to go and that, and we are talking about contenders, right? He can go to San Antonio right now. Unbelievable team. We, we, we'll, we'll say the team is a cheat coach. He go to the Rockets right now with the, with the pieces they have with the coach. They have. Right. What are they gonna give up? What are they gonna give up in Houston to Giddy? Are you? Look, I think Jalen greed would be one one. I think Jamari Smith Jr would be two. That's true. I'm not giving up, I'm not giving up, I'm not giving up Ammond Thompson. I'm not giving him up. No, no, no, no. He's untouched. He's untouched. But I Think you give up the go those guys you named and you give up some 16 and 15 year olds, some 2031 draft.


So 29, 29, 30, 31 draft picks. Right. Some 15 or 16 year olds. You, you, you go, you go put a couple of them there. I mean I do like, I like, let's see, Thompson Shung, kd, van Fleet. Not bad. Oh, Dylan Brooks not bad. Yeah. See now you got, you got you. You, you got your blue collar worker guys and you got KD who will seamlessly fit right in and, and alleviate the pressure from those guys, especially in that fourth quarter. I just feel like that's, that's a great matchup. But I also like him going to San Antonio playing with Deanne Fox and Wimpy Man.


What? But they gonna probably have, they, they'd have to give up Castle. Yeah, you probably gonna have to give up Castle. But you gotta give 'em something else too to, to make their make it work. I give, hey, they got, they got a hundred like he said Pat be, they got some, they got some, some 7-year-old picks in there too. What's up? They got picks all the way outta 2040. So for sure that's what these, that's one thing we do know these teams have, they have a lot of money and they got a lot of picks. So I'll tell you that. We know that. Yeah. Well Pat Bell, we gonna get you outta here. Make sure you got No, no, wait, wait, wait. And You know, you speaking about 1 0 1, You know me and Joe played, You know me and Joe went, You know he went to Arkansas. I, Unc I don't think You know the Joe Johnson story, the story Pat Bell. Yeah. I don't mean, I don't mean to keep y'all still going on too long, but I gotta tell you story.


You gotta tell this story. Okay. So, so, You know, I went to the University of Arkansas, like you say alumni of where Joe Johnson went to. Right. And then, and then during the time I was there, you gotta think I'm probably like, You know, I'm, I'm, I'm freshman of the year. I'm, You know, I'm newcomer of the year. So all the accolades that I'm getting, I'm really just, Joe Johnson got him before. Right. I'm the only kid on the team that has like any type of NBA stardom. So what Joe Johnson do, he come get me Unc he take me under his wing. He, he, he'd take care of me while I'm in Arkansas. He give me place in Little Rock to stay. He give me, I'm talking about anytime he got a free time, he come up to the school that's a two hour drive.


Unc, I get into the NBA, we play Atlanta. I go right to his house all the time. Like his family is my family. Like, you gotta think Joe was really like big bro to me. Like he like the guy. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The first dude who ever put me on Ever, ever. Hey listen, listen. Oh hey, I was in the league, he was in college. He come over to the house, he be, oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I can't wait til I get to the league one. Gimme one of the big roll run. I'm getting one of them. Ooh, I got to have one of them two. I got, he was right there. Hey, hey. He was geeked up the whole time. Look, we had a, we had a summer league back at the crib in Little Rock. And man, I had him come down there and play with us, man. Come out there and turn, turn out the whole gym.


Y'all know how he is. All them antics picking up full court talk and stuff. The whole guy. Oh yeah, this what I need that little pit bull right there. So yeah, bill was like, he one, he the one showed me like, man, you got kids? I'm like, yeah, I got kids. He's like, okay, you gotta feed your kids. So he really, the one that, like I'm talking about, I'm with LeBron in Miami, got dinner and LeBron like, oh, everybody know who you about to go, you about to go with your big brother Joe Chop. Like, hell yeah. You damn right. I'm talking about uncle. I'm in his room just looking around like, yeah, what else you got? Yeah, tell y'all need that. That's, that's, but hey, but You know what guys? That's the, that's the greatest motivator. Yep. To see it. Yep. Because when like my brother went and I go, there's a three car, see a three car garage and you hit, there's a, a, a Ferrari, there's a Porsche, there's a big body Mercedes and You know Central Heating.


Yeah. Boy, to see that did I see, I know somebody that actually got that. Oh, I got, I gotta get that. Yeah, I'm at his mama house. I'm staying at his mama house. Oh, his mama got pool. I gotta get my mama a pool. M so shout out to Joe Johnson. Y'all ain't never heard my story though. Joe Johnson's a big part of it. So I appreciate you Joe. For real. Appreciate that bro. Appreciate yeah. Appreciate vibe. You know, vibe y Make sure y'all go follow the Pat Bell podcast on social media and on YouTube at the Pat Bell podcast with Rome. It's on the bar stool, social media. Where are you on ig? Pat Pat Bell 21. You know, meet Pat Pod. What? Wrong? I see you had Dave on the, on the, on the, on the show too.


That was a good episode. Yeah, boy. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He a good dude. He real smart. He real smart. He real smart. Very, very, very, very really smart. Pat be. Thank you man. We really appreciate you coming on tonight. We know, You know, hey, we really, really appreciate you coming on, providing your expertise, breaking down this game and talking about a lot of other topics, man. Always a blast. Hey you good free time man. Come on back. You welcome. Anytime. I always a blast. Always a blast. Good to see you bro. Good to see y'all. Love bro. I appreciate you. All right. The volume.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family, learn more@apu.apus.edu slash military.


You don't want vacation to end, but with Amex Platinum, you earn five times membership. Rewards points on prepaid hotels and more. Book through amex travel.com so you're already planning the next one. Book your room with fine hotels and resorts through Amex Travel and get an upgrade when available. Plus guaranteed 4:00 PM checkout so you have time to check out the pool before flying off to what's next. That's the powerful backing of American Express term supply. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash with Amex CST 1 0 2 2 3 1 8.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Bubba Wallace here from 2311 racing. Funny thing about being fast, you end up waiting a lot. First to show up first in line, then just waiting me. I rev up Jumbo Casino with over 200 social casino games. No slow lanes here. Why sit around when you can spin mark your inches. I'm already racing your turn. Play for free@chumbacasino.com. Let's jumbo Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Ford. We're prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


This is an iHeart podcast.