
Every American deserves the right to fair housing. and Kamala Harris is working to make that right realized by us all. She learned firsthand how hard it is to work toward the dream of having a home. As California s attorney General Kamala Harris took on the big banks in Wall Street, and now she's looking to give first time home buyers $25,000 for a down payment. This November vote for the leader. looking out for your home. I'm Kamala Harris. candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris. for President


Hey. there it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast, Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against, the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules Listen to Against. the Rules on the iHeartRadio app apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume


TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns Madam Moore at DraftKings Sports book, and of official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. we want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Drafting sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm your favorite up Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite 85 Liberty City Zone. Bingos Ring of Fame honoree. The Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. You can call him Mocho. The Jets get back on the winning wave. They finally won a game after five straight losses. 2113 over the Houston Texans. Aaron Rogers tos. His three touchdown passes. One to Devonte Adams and two one handed spectacular. Catch it by Garrett Wilson. Get them on the right track. They win a game for the first time in five weeks by the score of 2113. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button then I can hear it though guys.


Make sure you subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys. Every subscriber counts. Every subscriber counts. They matter. You matter. Thank you for helping Ocho and I matter because without you, there is no Nightcap. Make sure you check out she by La Portier. Our goals are to be in the 14 to 16 states by the end of the year. If we're currently not in a state or a city near you, we have it in stock and we'll ship it directly to you. Make a great well too late for well right in time for Thanksgiving. And you got the holiday of Christmas and you got New Year's. So guys, if you order it now, I can assure you you'll have it by the holiday season.


Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's Shesha Media and my clothing company with 84 84 being spelled out. Our newest release dropped over the weekend. We dropped. I was hell when I was Well and I'll lie for you before I lie to you. Shirts, black Nightcap hoodies and by popular man. Stay with me now. Hoodies and of course our best seller. Go ahead. I Got that thing on What you talking about. What you talking about Man? Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. You see it At our bestseller Unc and OCHO teams. Yep. OCHO has the new stay with me now. Hoodie on it has the Nightcap in the front and then stay with me on the back. That's it in bold white letters.


Quantities are limited. So make sure you grab yours while supplies last to show you guys our appreciation. We're giving you guys an additional 15% off. Just use code Halloween 15 again to show you guys our appreciation. We're giving you an additional 15% off use code Halloween 15. The link is pinned at the top of the chat and the giveaway. We had a giveaway the other night where we gave away a signed Nightcap hat. That was one. But we've chosen additional nine people. If you purchase merch between now and midnight and use code Halloween 1510 total people or we'll get an opportunity, win a signed hat so it'll be 10 in total.


One been awarded, be nine additional hats that be signed. Nightcap if you make a merch per perch between now I guess midnight. So get on the ball guys. Ocho we talked about earlier, the just beat the Texas 2113. The New York overcame several inflicted mistakes to snap a five game losing streak handed the Houston, Texas the second lost in three games. Aaron Rogers threw three touchdown passes at the Jets end of the losing streak at five games in the first half jets. Malachi quarterly dropped the ball before crossing the end line. Dumb dumb. That would've been a 19 yard to rush cut down and the ball touched back 'cause it rolled out of the end zone.


Right. JJ Watt had this to say on Aaron Rogers. Is this a joke he was talking about? He him, Aaron was talking about he's drinking cayenne pepper in water. I think that's what he, that's what he is. Cayenne pepper in in water. And JJ iss like basically, bro, we, we keep talking about y'all and you talking about cayenne pepper in water pepper score some touchdowns, win some games because this is what you're in New York for. And to make matters worse for Thetans, they lost this game, which is their second in three weeks. ocho. They also learned that Stefan digs suffers a season ending ACL injury. So Stefan Digs is gone. Remember they've been without Nico Collins for like the last three weeks tank.


Dale stepped up big tonight, but it wasn't enough. The cj CJ hadn't been playing well Ocho he hasn't been playing well. There's no way around it. And, and the offensive line is getting, getting killed. But tonight he was 11 or thirty, a hundred ninety one yards. Eight of 58 sacks for 56 total yards. Go ahead. So, okay, CJ not playing well, right? Yes, the Oline, the Oline is abysmal. They horrible. Yes. They playing really bad. Not only is the oline horrible, you lose digs. Nico Collin is out. There's nothing wrong with Robert Woods. There's nothing wrong with Metis. There's nothing wrong with Tank. Dale. Tank. Dale had a good night. I think he had six or seven, eight catch for 126 yard a night.


But it's different when you don't have them horses. It's different when you don't have 'em. Horses, it's different. And then the o line's not playing well. There's really nobody you can actually count on to get open for you. There's no security blanket. So this is what you get tonight. This is what you get tonight. And then on the opposite side, finally the Jets show some promise. Finally, Aaron Rogers show some promise. Yes. Late in the game. 'cause the first half was horrible. Boy. Yeah, He had 32 passing yards. First half was a doozy from both sides of the ball. You know, goddamn Stroud sack. Seven, eight times eight. Aaron Rogers missing, missing, missing shots, easy shots that him and Devonte normally hit on. Yeah, but Devante dropped one. He had, he had him against the Yeah, Stingley Jr.


He dropped that one. That was just a drop. Yeah, he, he did drop that one. But I think in order for them to get on the same page, they gotta be able to hit shots like they hit the knife and get themselves into a rhythm. And Aaron Rogers does this. He plays bad, plays bad, plays bad, plays bad. And then all of a sudden he'll go into a spurt. We look like, oh, there's the magic, there's what we've been waiting for from you. This is what it should look like. This is what we have to look forward to. And I don't know who they played next week. So it's it only two, only two things can happen. Either they're gonna continue to get better and improve offensively or they're gonna regress and go back to what we saw the previous five weeks. Yeah. I, I think the thing is for me, Ocho Ocho, when I look at CJ and knowing the offensive line isn't playing well, you can't make every play.


You see he's spinning out, trying to spin out. Yeah. And he's losing yards getting sacked, bro. Yeah. It's okay to throw the ball away in the direction of, you have a receiver, right? Because one time you got sacked and you end up pushing your kicker back and he missed the field goal. Now I'm not so sure that four yards that he lost on the sack would've helped because hell, but when he left the kicker's foot, hell, I could tell it was off. So unless they expand the goalpost to be the width of the end of the end zone, that kick wasn't gonna be any good anyway. But he just has to understand OCHO knowing that, and maybe they have to shorten up some of these routes. My offensive line is, is, is is isn't what isn't good right now, I don't know if it's injuries or they're just playing bad. But you gotta shorten up these routes because you are not gonna have time to let something develop down the field playing behind this offensive line.


Go ahead. And, and not only that, I'm not sure the officer coordinator is, the office coordinator is for the Houston Texans, but without Nico Collins. Without Stefan Diggs, I'm thinking, you know, the whole three step, five step drop, the play action passes. You need to eliminate that from the playbook until you can figure out what you wanna do, condense the splits, put people in motion, find ways, find ways to get them, find ways to scheme them open because you don't, you don't have those horses, you don't have your Stefan dig, you don't have your Nego college. You do have t dale. Now I'm not saying nothing is wrong, there's nothing wrong with Robert Woods or meaty, but you gotta be a little bit more creative to help your quarterback out.


Yeah. Because it shouldn't look like that tonight. It shouldn't look like that. The, the CJ Shroud we saw last year, it shouldn't, it shouldn't regress to this point. And we shouldn't be able to use injuries for, so what the officer coordinator has to do, he has to manipulate the offense. So CJ SRA can still be efficient. You gotta change some things up. If your personnel is different on the outside of the receiving position, then you have to do something different. You gotta play to their strengths Right. On what they do. Well, don't try to run the same offense. You don't have a Nico Collins out there and you don't have a Stefan Diggs. You gotta change some shit up When they got, when the jets hit the center knowing that the center's protected and they got, I didn't like the play selection.


Two runs and then a pass. Yeah. And CJ and CJ was off because he had mechi. Now I don't know if he felt the pressure or he just missed him Ocho, but he had mechi on the whip route. Right. And he had at least the first down. And who knows if he makes the guy miss, maybe he has a touchdown. But we know he has a, he's beyond the first down depth the he's beyond the line line to gain the first down. Yeah. So, but that's what happens when you get hit early and you get hot often. You start seeing things even if it's not there. And so that's why you try to get to the quarterback early to impact him for later. And it definitely showed his head tonight. And again, CJ was 11 of 3,491 yards.


He got sacked eight times. Give this Jeff Defense credit they got after him tonight, you know, You know, it's funny. They ran the ball. Well Yeah, they were running the ball. 36 s buck 87 The ball real well. Yep. JJ Taylor had three for 23. CJ on scrambles with eight of 59. And Joe Mixon was 24 for a buck was 24 for a buck oh six. So four and a half yards of carry for Mixon. Like I said, he ran the ball extremely well. He's played well all year long except for that what a couple of weeks that he missed with that hip drop tackle. But other than that, I think he's been unbelievable. He's been one of the bright spots.


One of their most consistent players. Right. And matter of fact, and the fact that you say that, you know, Joe being so consistent and playing very well, I'm still trying to understand why we let him go out there in Cincinnati. I Think, I think, I think the, the price, I think, you know, teams don't wanna play. Think about it. And he had Already, he had already taken a pay cut, huh? Yeah. But true. I agree because think about it, Derrick Henry took a pay cut because he was making 12. They took him all the way down to eight and Derrick Henry was still giving you great production. I mean, this was a bargain that, that was a bargain for the Raven. But first of all, he'd have been a bargain for anybody. He'd have been a bargain for anybody. $8 million because he's Derrick Henry. You know, he's gonna get, he gonna get you 1200.


Hell he is at what, nine what? 8 46, 900 now. So yeah, now he actually had 9 46. Okay. He had 9 46. So you know, he's gonna get you on a bad year, he's gonna get you 1200 on a great year. He's gonna be somewhere 15, 1615. Yeah. An exceptional year. He'll get you 2000. That's what he is, you know that Right. And he, for the most part, he's been fairly durable. Even the season that he missed, he had almost a thousand yards in like nine games. Yep. But young, young Bull is special man. He is, he's, he's def defined things at his age. And I think he defined things at his age specifically 'cause of the team he chose to go to.


Right. The Jets snap a five game losing streak. Aaron Rogers tos, his three touchdown passes hit Devonte in stride. Devonte got Knix, came back in the game, caught a touchdown. I'm sure he's good about feeling good about that. He had 11 targets, seven catches, 91 yards. Garrett Wilson made two phenomenal catches. And sometimes Ocho you know this. Yeah. When you're struggling, you have to make plays like this to help your quarterback out and to help your team out. Everything is not gonna be between the numbers. Everything's not gonna be in a catch radius. So you are gonna sometimes, sometimes, yeah. When your offense is struggling, you have to make an exceptional play.


He made two exceptional plays tonight that really got the jets going offensively. And it seemed to give them a breath of fresh air. They're like, okay, yeah, we know. Now we know how to get the ball into the end zone. And defensive. They look and, and defensively, sometimes you have to have games like, look, we gotta go hunt the quarterback ojo. It's really that simple. Yeah, let's, let's make it as difficult as they possibly can. Let's hold this team down and let our offense get going. And once the just offense got going, they played, I mean they, they played well, but it took two exceptional catches from Garrett Wilson. And sometimes being, having been in situations like this, it takes exceptional plays to get an offense going.


Yeah. Wait, wait, hold on, hold on, on now it doesn't always take exceptional plays. Sometimes you could chop the wood, you chop the wood, chop the wood, chop the wood, something. It's okay to run the bases instead of trying to hit the home run. No, but I'm saying when you owning five chop the wood ain't gonna get it done. You five straight. Sometimes it just take an exceptional play to get the sideline going to get you going as an offense because you Right. So you know, methodically moving down the field, you're like, man, we done this before, but we ain't getting nothing to show for it right now. We got a one hand spectacular catch where he makes a catch on the run because the guy jets it and he throws it over and he makes a great catch, gets the ball in the end zone.


And then on third in 19, Aaron gave him an opportunity to make a play. Now he had to make the play, but a lot of times the quarterback throws the ball out of the end zone. Now the DB Jumped way too soon. I don't know what the hell he thought he must be, thought he had hang time. Like Jordan held the ball halfway there, he jumped and so now he coming down in the ball. But give Gary Wilson, Gary Wilson played his tail off tonight. Made some exceptional catches, had a, he was short on a third down. Got it. Made the guy Miss got the third down. I thought he played well tonight. I thought Devonte, outside of that drop, I thought he played it really well tonight. Yeah. But Rogers gave his guys an opportunity tonight to make plays. Hey listen, I know they might have lost the last five and won a night.


Yeah. But there's a chance Aaron, Roger can catch fire now. Yeah. Especially with a game like saying there's a chance he can catch fire. I know the first, the first quarter, the second quarter it was abysmal. I know it was horrible in the third quarter they played in Spurs, they looked good. Fourth quarter. It looked a little decent. If them goddamn jets. No, not even the Jets. If Aaron Rogers plays consistent football, I mean the AFCs can get a little interesting. I don't know. I don't know Ocho if they can catch Buffalo. Buffalo. No, I, I say they can catch Oh, You, oh, you talking about, oh, you talking about make a playoff bid because you gonna take 17. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. All, all he gotta do is play consistent.


He could, he he can make a little run. I'm just saying based on what he has around him with Brie Hall, Garrett Wilson, Devonte Adams. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. If they get into any kind of rhythm and get some chemistry and a little confidence, like I would, I would. I'm just saying I wouldn't be surprised. Yeah. I Wouldn't Beed Ocho the news of the day, young Thug is going home. He played, Hey, hey, That's perfect. Club Shahe, club Shahe Young Thug Thugger. He, yeah. Matter of fact, wait a minute. You could do Adu, you could do have Adu adu, Him and Behe. Big mech Young Thug. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Because listen, I, I used to work with, nevermind nevermind.


But he's going home. Yeah. This long trial. He might be, He might be home. He might be home by now. Probably. He probably, he probably is. You know, once that bond post, I know there are some, there are some people, I mean the, the hip hop community, the rap community in Atlanta, I saw a lot of, a lot of tweets. A lot of posts about thug. About thug coming home. You know, there's some stipulations. He has to leave Metro Atlanta. He can't talk to anybody. Yeah. He can't talk to anybody that's affiliated with gangs except his brother and, and gunna. Right. He's on probation for, what, 15 years? 14. 14, 15 years. Yeah. Yeah. So, hey, put me on probation the rest of my life. I ain't gotta go in the can for 2030.


Bought it man. Please. Hey. But, but listen. And then he has to move from Atlanta, right? Yeah. He, he can't be in metro Atlanta. So, Hey Smyrna. And when you say metro Atlanta, what does that mean? I mean, I mean, what, what are the specifics? Ton County Atlanta. So I go to Smyrna, I go to Gwinnett. They didn't say he had to leave Georgia. Okay. So he done, he he could still be within the Atlanta area. Go to Clayco. Yeah. Go. That's Macon. Matter of fact, lead the whole state completely. Go somewhere else. True And fo go somewhere else and focus on your music. But yeah, I mean, I saw who's that?


Dre, Dre ZTIA lot of because hey, right. A lot of guys that you know, welcome him home. Like I said, he's, he's a, he's a, he's a, he's a, he's a big thing in a, in the a he's a big thing in the rap community. And he's coming home after this long, arduous trial. He said he didn't wanna put his family through this anymore. And if he goes, give him an opportunity to come home and be with his kids, be with his family. Right. I think he has a girlfriend. I, I don't really know much about Mariah the scientist. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think that's, is that a name? Mocho. Okay. Yes sir. Yes. Okay. I take your word for it. I don't, I I don't really know a whole lot about it, but Right. He, he's coming home and Yeah.


Hey gunna your people see this. Come on. Sit down on club shake. Shit. Let's have us a good time. Big Meetch. I got you, bro. All at me. Yeah. Yeah. Shit. I, I got, I got, I got music coming out with gunna too. I forgot to tell you about that


Picture. What it would be like if Trump and implement 2025 agenda for your auntie, mother or daughter to lose the right to make tough healthcare decisions to save her life for the overtime pay. So many depend on to vanish for police to be shielded from accountability for racial profiling. If Trump's project 2025 agenda goes into play, you will pay the heavy price to find out I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris. for President.


Oh Lord. All it took was 10 games for the Indianapolis coach to bitch Anthony Richardson in a favor. 39-year-old Joe Flaco. Even though Richardson is just 22 years of age, 10 games was enough of a sample size to draw the conclusion that the last year, number four, overall pick hasn't gotten it done. Jalen, hers is a prime example of giving a young quarterback an opportunity to develop. Hertz said his development is by, is why teams should be patient with young quarterbacks. I think the thing, I think things do take time, think things take time. And everybody has a different approach to going in. I wasn't supposed to be the guy I am today. Nobody expected that. But I took advantage of my opportunities. And that's what I encourage everyone to do.


Regardless. I don't, I don't like to move. I don't care what nobody say. I don't like to move. It's your number four pick, right? Yes. It's your number four pick. Now what I think what, what I'm, what I'm saying is happening, I don't like the fact that they're benching him for one, he didn't play a lot of college football, he didn't play a lot of college football. He didn't get a lot of snaps. The, the amount of snaps that needed to be able to come in and transition into the NFL and be prepared. Right. You know, just being big, strong, fast and having a and having an arm is not gonna get it done. No, it's not gonna get it done. So the only way to improve in the NFL is with reps. With reps, with reps, with reps. He's the future of the franchise. He's the number four quarterback. So the only reason I think they put flacco in is to save the season.


Do we have a chance to make a run? So what we're gonna do is we four and four, I think, well they are four and four, right? What's the tech, what's the arrest? What's the coach? Nah, I don't dunno if they're four and four. Don't think so. I don't know if they run four games. Ocho, they might've. Nah. I, I I they're 4 4500. You're right. Yeah. I See. I knew, I knew it. So what they're doing, what co Mr. Mr. Syken is doing, he's making a change because he feel the team had the chance and the opportunity to make a run. At some point, Anthony Richardson will be the future of the coach. But right now we're gonna put Flaco in because he gives us, he, they think they feel, which, which is true statistically Flacco gives them the best chance to win right now and compete.


And, and this is, this is a, a a, a compete division because the Houston, the Texas aren't what they were. Jacksonville is very hit or miss. We know what the titans are. Yeah. So, And, and look, I know people are saying that, you know, he tapped out and that's one of the reasons. But you gotta look at his rec ocho, this guy has a worse completion percentage than Tim Tebow. Tim Tebow completed 46% of his passes. He's completing 46, 40 4%. That's 4% Lloyd than JaMarcus Russell did we think JaMarcus Russell and Tim Tebow were good quarterbacks? No we didn't. And his completion percentage is worse than theirs.


He needs to, he needs time to watch. They, they put him in too quick when he wasn't ready. And what happens is OCHO is that when you draft someone that high and you draft him into that position, you're not waiting. Because after the end of the third year, OCHO, I'm gonna have to make a decision. I'm about to have to get these guys 300, 400, $500 million I need to see. Right. And in the process of that, 'cause like you said, he didn't play a whole lot of football and he didn't play a whole lot of football in a pro style offense. Right. A lot of his stuff, he was running the football. Well, you know, he said the NFL was easy. I can't tell if the NFL is easy and you completing 44% of your passes.


Right. What the hell you think would happen if the NFL was hard? Don't you? Can I tell you one more thing? Unc? Yeah. That I don't like. And I'm just saying chat Y'all stay with me real quick, real quick. Like listen to me. When it comes to the game of football, when you're drafted at high and you have expectations, you have friends, you, you have people telling you this, you that and you, you get to the NF nfl, you get drafted that high, then you plan, you have a certain high, a certain certain or, and feeling about yourself where you, where you feel good, you know what it feel like to get benched on. Do you understand what it feels like to get benched though? Yeah. As a quarterback. Forget some of the other positions because some of the other positions, you have an opportunity to bounce back, you know, and you have an opportunity to, to make those plays again.


But as a quarterback, I think it does some, especially when you're young, it does something to your psyche. I, I'm assuming, I I it, it has to, it has to do something to your psyche. So now you're telling me I'm playing bad, I'm playing so bad, you're going to sit me down and bench me for Joe Flacco. So if I do get the opportunity to play again, what's the first fucking thing I'm gonna do? I'm gonna be goddamn damn indecisive. Well, Hopefully you learn. Hey, I'm, I'm gonna be hesitant. I'm not gonna make the big plays I was making earlier. I, it just, I I don't gimme his Last three games. It Just weird. It's weird to me. He Can play like nine and 10 passes. Hopefully, hopefully he gets an opportunity to sit and watch and then he can come.


He says, well Joe, what if Joe ask him and he can ask Joe, Joe, what did you see? Why did you go there? Right. 'cause that's the biggest thing. Ocho Ocho right. You can't throw 30 passes and complete eight of them in the NFL. You're not gonna win like that. Yeah. So, And he, and you know what? And then we can't, we can't play the receivers. 'cause they got, they got a squad now. Yeah. Hey, they got some boys now. I, I, I listen normally I would've mentioned the receivers, but they got, they got some dogs out there. Pitman Jr. Pitman. They Got another, they got another, another guy. I forget the other guy name. I think he might be named 15 or something, but he could go too. Oh, 10. Number 10. Okay. Yeah. What's his name? His last, I can't, I don't know his last name.


Boy. That boy be playing some ball boy. Oh, Joe, Yes Sir. Against Houston in the Sundays loss. He was 10 or 32 in a win against Miami. He was 10 or 24. Pittsburgh. I think he, that's when Flacco came in. He was three or four against Chicago. He was 10 or 20 against Green Bay. He was 17 or 34 against Houston. He was nine of 19 Ocho. You not gonna win very many games with numbers like that, bro. Not, not in today's ocho because they've set it up for you to throw the ball. Think about the incidental contact. Right. Think about the holding, think about roughing the passer. Think about so many things that can go right, right. When you throw the ball.


Yeah. Really when you run the ball, the only thing that can go wrong go, go right for you. If somebody face mask you, there's a chance you get a holding on the offensive line. There's a chance you get a, you get a holding on the, on the, on the wide. On the wide receivers. So there are are more things that can go wrong when you run the ball. Yeah. As opposed to when you throw it. Because there's so many things. Defense, illegal hands to the face. Why? Incidental contact holding pass interference. Right. Roughing. The passer. The league has been set up for you to throw it. That's why they paying, why receivers making 30 million, quarterback making 60 million.


What does that tell you Ocho? Yeah. And running backs making 5 million. So what are they try to tell you to do? Ocho Throw that ball. He Throw it. But I, I hope Alex, that's the name they said Alex. Period. Man, Alex. Period. I hate that man. Ocho it's okay. It's, it, it, I'm saying, I mean, I mean, I say that I, I mean I only hate it. I'm talking about the mental part. I'm talking about the mental part. 'cause when you get benched it does something to you. It's like losing your job and you get demoted. Yeah. And in corporate, in the corporate world, you're like, damn, all the motherfucking work I done put in, you know, I'm trying, it's not the numbers, the work I'm putting in is not turning into what it should be on Sundays.


What am I doing wrong? So what, what happened then you Start, then you start, you start questioning yourself. What happens when you get fired? Oh, that's even worse. For what? Yeah. See guess what? I got fired from CBS. What I do. Go get me a job at Fox got fired at Fox. What I do go, I just get big and bigger. Right, right, right, right. 'cause I learned. Yeah, I learned. And that's what he needs to do. He needs to learn. Yeah. I'll let everybody look. Everybody can say, well he got fired because of this, or he got fired because of that. I'll, I'll leave, I'll leave that to the, the Twitter committee and the YouTube tribe. 'cause everybody has an opinion on what they think happened to transpired and nobody really knows because you weren't in the room.


Right. Oh, he got fired because of this. Bro, stop. You don't know. Everybody likes to speculate. I, I'm like, damn, I didn't know Ocho I was this big of a commodity. It seems like now everybody that got a YouTube teller gotta talk about me. I appreciate it. You know, keeps my algorithm keep Ocho and the Unc and the Nightcap and club shake keep us going. So I appreciate it. But he just needs to take a step back and don't look, say, you know what get You gotta get better. You got, you gotta get better. It's really that simple. Got to, because you ain't got, you ain't got no choice. But, but I, but I'm thinking about it. I mean, can you, can, how do you get, how do you get better at the quarterback position? Is it by taking reps?


Is it by watching? It depends on what type of player he is. Yes. You know, it, it depends on what type of player he is. And, and the funny thing about it is, is you could do it over and over and over and over and over in practice. But when it comes to them bulls flying on, on on game day. On on the real Sunday. Yes. It's different. You do, it's different. Your decision making has to be on point. You got to be sharper than the number two pencil. Now At the end of the day, even though you can rely on your athleticism, you still have to throw the ball from the pocket. Yeah. And it helps that Mahome can is greater improvisation. It great that Aaron Rogers was greater improvisation, but the end of the day they still had to throw the ball with accuracy from the pocket.


That athleticism, you gonna only go so far. 'cause them guys, them got them big guys over there, they catch your ass. And when they hurt, they about just as fast. Yes. Especially they about just as fast. Yes. So I'm exci, IIII just hope he, he takes this, he learns from this, he grows from this and he becomes the player that they selected him to be with the number four overall draft pick two years ago. And if he does that, if don't, don't cry. Oh po me, I didn't get a fair chance. Right bro, you got more than a fair chance. But they, they see that they got a chance in this division, don't Joe. Yeah. That's why they made the change.


Yes. That's why they made the change. So coach wire receiver Josh Downs was asking if he thinks he'll play with Anthony Richardson again at the end of the day. Joe is like 40 years old. So he's only got so many more years. I'd say AR is 22, 23. He's still the number four overall pick. I know he's gonna start again. I agree. Yeah, I agree. Check this out. Joe. Does the NFL have a quarterback development problem? Anthony Richardson 22 Bench Bryce Young 23 bench, Trey Lance 24 bench traded. Justin Fields 25 bench will Levi 25 bench.


Zack Wilson 25 Bench. Mike Jones, 26 Bench. Kenny Pickett 26 bench. Hey that's a good one. And you, you know what, every, every quarterback you just named the situation on why they were bench is different. The teams, the way the team is structured completely different. Some, some of those quarterbacks, in order to succeed, they would have to be damn near Superman. Yes. They would've to be damn bright. Bryce Young would have to be Superman. Eight Manning ain't ain't succeeding in that. People don't realize what Peyton had. He had Marvin Harrison and he had Marshall Faulk when he got there and he had Ken Dre.


Yeah, it's Different. And he had, what was the other, what was the other? He had another, nah, he might have, he might have came later. I forget the other tight end name. But I That was Clark. No, Dallas. Dallas was way I was done, gone. But I'm saying Manning had a nice support system when he arrived there. Think about support. Marvin Harrison was the first ballot hall of Fame. Marshall was the first ballet hall of famer. He's the offensive player of the year. He's a a a an MVP man. Look what you what Bryce Young got. None of these quarterbacks had anything close to that. No, I'm not so sure they even had A-A-A-A-A Pro Bowl.


Well I think DJ Moore went to the Pro Bowl. So I think Zach Wilson, well Gary Wilson was what offensive player of the year. Gary Wilson was offensive player of the year. But for the most part, you gotta have some weapons, man. Yeah. You to these young guys. Yeah. You gotta you gotta surround him with a, with with a talent until he's able. So you have to put pieces around him, ocho to carry him until he can able run on his own and he can carry you. He carry the talent. Yes. Yeah. Right now. Oh yeah. Marcus Pollard, that was his name. Marcus Pollard. Okay. Agents are telling kids to stay in college if you don't have at least two years of starting ocho.


It depends. It's hard because Anthony Richardson probably got $30 million guaranteed. Right. And in three years he has an opportunity to make two 50 to 300. How you tell a kid to stay in school when that's on? Well that's on the horizon. Yeah. I think it's different though. Every kid is different. The, you, you having to stay in school for two years, just because you stay in school two years doesn't mean you're gonna transition and all of a sudden it's gonna work out. Yes. You can stay, you can stay in school one and go to the league and turn out to be, I'm not saying turn out to be Patrick Mhome. I'm saying have a Yeah, have a great season. Joe Burrow started one basically one year. Hey, listen, there, there's some players that are special and understand that you understand the skillset.


Now I call it how sharp, how sharp they are. Some, some players that take much longer, some don't. Some hit the ground running. But Ocho you know what, we've gotta get out this notion that everybody that comes in the NFL is gonna succeed. When has that ever been the case? It's not. Oh Joe, it's now that every think about how many other quarterbacks have flamed out. This is not unique. Hey, situation and circumstance matters. Yes. Where you go, where you go matters. I I really think it does. I mean, I mean I, I think the thing is now that we are like, oh, he's a, but sometimes it's just not meant to be. Everybody that comes to the NFL ain't going to have a th there is a reason why the average NFL career is three years.


Because if everybody made it, the average NFL career would be 7, 8, 10, 12. There's a reason why and it's okay. I know. Look, I know this guy. Oh man. But it was so good in college. How many times have we seen guys that were so good in college not be able to cut it in the NFL? And there've been guys that didn't have great stellar college careers turn out to be great pros. But we, we, we just can't say it's just like, just because you go to Harvard, you grad, get a degree from Harvard, that don't mean you going be the best businessman. That doesn't mean that you're gonna be, it might give you an opportunity because you've had access.


It opens some doors now. Yes. But at the end of the day, there could be somebody that went to an HBCU that went to a a, a, a med school that be just as great. So this notion that oh, the system is failing. Yeah, maybe in some situation. But even with great coaching, everybody is not going to make it. There's never been a situation that everybody, oh, he got a, he got a law degree. Oh, he about to make 500,000 a year. Oh, he got a med degree. He's about to be a, he's about to be a great neurosurgeon or a great this. Right. No. Right. No, it doesn't work like that guys. But I think the thing is that we're looking at these, these quarterbacks and we're playing, we playing ul paying so much more close attention.


Right. That we are like, damn, what's going on? Yeah. And then it makes it even worse when they, when they're high picks. Huh? Because listen, when you, when you go that, when you go that high, not only do they have their own expectations, shoot us. Even, even me as a fan, I have expectations as well. Of course I'm expecting you to be the face of that franchise and change it. Show me why you pick, show me why they picked you that high. I enjoy it. Remember listen, I won quarter but quarterback need to start talking shit. That's the problem. They too quiet. What did Jamar Chase say before he got drafted? When he got Drafted? Yeah, but Jamar Chase ain't, I'm finna go, I'm finna go there and break every record. What the hell is he on Pace to keep on doing? Guess what? Break every damn record. Jamar Chase is going against one db.


When you got level mo fos trying to tear your head off. They're the reason why quarterbacks keep their damn mouth shut. Okay. Okay. Because Lt and TJ Wat and Knix and Knix Boso gonna bust your ass. So you go out there talking, oh, I ain't worried about nothing. What you think gonna happen? What you think gonna happen? You know what's gonna happen? Hey, hey, could you imagine if you played quarterback? No. No I couldn't because my, my instinct is to talkish and the next thing you know, my helmet sideways. Hey, I was just thinking about that man. That's funny. Hell no. It's, it's, it's a whole different ball game and sometimes guys come in with targets on their backs anyway.


Right. Right. But look, and and, and that's the thing also, Ocho, when these guys come in, they not going, it's not a situation like James worthy. He got drafted number one overall and went to the Lakers after they had just won the championship. If you a high draft pick at quarterback, you go into a bull drive team. Oh yeah. It's simple. It, it ain't no other way around it. Right. Ain't no quarterback getting drafted going and it's because it's different. You ain't getting drafted by the chiefs if you a quarterback anyway. Oh nah, it ain't happening. And You, so you not getting drafted to Buffalo, you are not getting drafted to any of the chiefs that went to the playoff the year before. Right. So and if you do, you gonna be in the late rounds Right.


As a backup. And you ain't got no expectations. They groom you. The, the, you look at the chief, they not taking a quarterback period. They might go get a quarterback that's been Carson wins. Right. Somebody ain't got no expectations. You know what you here for? If something happened to Mahome, we gonna need you for two or three games. You've been a start in this league. Hey, you played some some football, you played some good football, you played a lot more bad football than good football. But hey, we believe you can give us a stretch somewhere between three and five weeks until pa hopefully Patrick hold, nothing happens and he'll be back. But these court, what y'all thought they was gonna go, everybody doesn't get a situation where they get like an Aaron Rogers and they get an opportunity to sit for three years.


Patrick Mahomes had to sit for a year. Yep. But everybody, everybody isn't getting those kind of ideal situations OCHO because everybody coming in and I'm sure Aaron probably wanted to start, but you know, everybody covered in, oh man, Hell nah. The way he, the way the way guys are wired, it didn't matter that where you went to hell, you're like, Hey, I can play. I need to get on the field. But I don't know. Look, I understand what agents are telling kids, but Ocho, if I got an opportunity, I'm gonna make $30 million guaranteed. Right? I ain't staying in school. I'll holler at you homie. What am I go First of all, no matter if my NFL, what am I going to school to do?


College is supposed to teach you how to make money, get a job and make money. Right? The NFL is speeding that process up. Why would I deny that? Why would I slow it down by waiting Right And run the risk of getting hurt. If I get hurt, I'm gonna get hurt on the NFL dime with that 30 million guaranteed. That's what me personally, now e everybody gotta make their decision. Sometimes you get a situation like a Peyton and Eli, they're dead. They're middle class, upper middle class, they cool, but people that look like me and you, we ain't no upper middle class Uhuh. We poor. And our job is to get our family out of that situation. And as soon as we can do that, that's what we going do Every time.


Picture what it would be like if Trump wins and implements his project 2025 agenda for your auntie, mother or daughter to lose the right to make tough healthcare decisions to save her life for the overtime pay. So many depend on to vanish for police to be shielded from accountability for racial profiling. If Trump's project 2025 agenda goes into play, you'll pay the heavy price to find out I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message. Paid for by Harris. for President.


Oh Joe, before we go to the next segment, I'd like to be on OCHO and I'll be on live with whatnot app tomorrow, Friday, November 1st at 7:00 PM Pacific time, 10 Eastern auctioning off 300 pairs of my sneakers from my personal collection, including these shoes signed up for whatnot, using the link in my description. And you'll get $15 off your first order. The link is being dropped in the chat here.


Lemme check. Lemme lemme, I'm finna get me a pair too. I'm gonna buy me a pair. What? These, these are some late editions. Ash talked me into What is them? These are the off whites. Hey boy. What side? What side? Them is 13. So these made it damn. So these are going, they were last minute. Ask Ash talked me into those selling those here, these take them out. But I damn, I don't wear no size 13 though.


Offwhite. I like Yeah. What? Well, well hopefully these are the DMPs. You probably know, you'll probably recognize this. These I like, I like them. Oh, I know what them is Them the pat leather, the pat leather, pat leather joints. Neither The these. I like that. So they made, they You They made a leg edition. Hey, why your shoes so clean? You ain't wear 'em? I've wor I've wore those one time I wore 'em one time and the blue You hey you wear shoe one time.


But I put 'em in but I put 'em in the closet. They stay. Yep. That's, Hey, that's rich people stuff. Wear your shoe one time and never again. I ain't never been able to. But that's so pretty. These are, these are late ads also. I wore these one time. Damn. This is a pack. So this is the other, this, most people know these, but this is a pack. The other shoe was a pack also. Hey, that's a, that's a mellow shoe. That's mellow shoe right there. This A Jordan? No, not that one. I'm talking about the one on your right Hand. Both of 'em are Jordan's. But they just came, this is what they call, this is a pack. So two shoes came in one box. Lemme show you. Okay.


I thought wasn't mellow with Jordan. Yeah. Okay. I see, I see, I see, I see. The Two shoes came just like the DMP pack two shoes came with just one box. I didn't know. And Hey, that, that, that that baby blue boy that powder blew real nice. Now I'm hoping it goes well. I don't really know what Hell, man, I got so much stuff. Ocho. I ain't gonna even lie, Joe. I don't, I have no, Yeah, you don't know. Wait, that that's, that's, that's Rich.


That's people talk. I know exactly how many shoes I got. I got eight pair of shoes. I know what this is. This is a, they're black and white. Yeah, them, them zebras. And I got a a, a these, I don't know if you've ever seen these. I've worn these one time. The slide? No, it just left. It should have just left. It's a flap on the, yeah. Yes. But yeah, I wanna see some more shoes If here Come on, come on, come on, come on, come On.


And came with the king. These are the Ronnie figs. I Those Ronnie who? Ronnie Figs here. Just take my Oh Yeah. As buddy do the class with Kiss. I know who that is. Yes, yes, yes. So all the pens are in place. I wanted these one time. Okay. Okay, okay, okay. They made it and if it Ooh Unc. Well you got some shoes bro. Are You guys, if it goes well, I'll add these to the next drop. Oh, that's the A. That's the Tiffany blue, The Tiffany AF ones. Well you got money.


I'll also add these. What's the, that's the di, yours, Dior Jordans. Ooh, you got Monday? Yeah. I like that. These are the lvs. I born these twice. Ooh, you got money? Yeah. And all of these. Oh, you selling to Kanyes? If if, if this one goes well, yeah, I'm gonna sell them. I'm gonna sell everything. The only ones I have these also. You finna be Rich. Oh, oh, red Octobers. These are, I got these from a guy, Richie. I know he always watched the show out of Boston. And he and his brother started following me and he was a big shoe guy and you won size 13.


And he, and I was talking one day and he said, oh, I got something I wanna show you. So he took a picture of it and he sent it to me in my dms. I said, man, let me get those. He said, I don't know Unc, I want to, I want to keep these right. I said, come on man. I, I need those. No, he just, he just called me. He called me, he called me sharp. He said Sharp, I wanna keep these. I said, man, I need them. I said, I'll tell you what I do. He a big Patriots fan. I say, if the Patriots go to the Super Bowl, I give you two tickets to the Super Bowl. He said, okay, Ocho, the Super Bowl hadn't even happened yet, but he said, okay. He sent me the shoes.


All he did was meet me on Twitter. Right. He sent me the shoes, shoes, shoes. So he's like, now his wi his girl at the time, his, his wife, now she's having a baby. He's like, man, I ain't gonna be able to go. I said, I'll tell you what I do. What about if I get you ticket to the a FC championship game? Now that's the game in which deflate gate happened. The coach. So I got him tickets to that game. I said, man, this man done sent me these shoes. He done sent me these shoes. I said, I gotta do something. I said, I tell you what, since you couldn't go to the Super Bowl, and I know that was a big thing.


If they win the Super Bowl, they're gonna play on a Thursday night game. I'll get you tickets to that game. I got him 50 yard line tickets to that game. And so he said, promise me this. If you ever want to get rid of the red Octobers, you gimme an opportunity. So I'm gonna give him the first opportunity. If he don't wanna buy 'em, I'll, I'll put them up in the next, in the next thing with the Like, I like it, boy, you got boy, your your pockets deep boy. You got all type of shoes over there. Boy, I ain't never seen some of them. Some of them shoes I only seen on the magazine and on and for Twitter, Instagrams. Oh, I still got, I still got, I got, I still got some very, very exclusive stuff.


The Mme a lot of, a lot of stuff. Like I've only worn like maybe once or twice. And for me it's time for somebody else to enjoy it. I, I'm not, I'm, I'm, I'm at, I'm at the stage now. I'm kind of like phased out of it Ocho and I'm never, I'm never gonna, and as is saying that the, the link is open now and so you could order, Hold on. I, I got, I'm, I'm, I'm selling some shoes tomorrow too. Right. Okay. Ash said the auction auction is tomorrow. But there are things that are on the site that you can buy right now. You heard me? Huh? I'm gonna sell some shoes tomorrow too. Yeah, I do have the Soulfly ones. Yes.


He right here. Huh? I got these right here. These, these Air Force ones? Yeah. Poly leather Elephant skin Made, made in China. Two of two. Yeah. Ain't ain't too many people got these. I wore these by seven times. Yeah, you, you can see the bottom dirty. Yeah. Yeah. I've, I'm trying to, lemme gimme that, that solo. Yeah. And you can see I've worn these shoes one time. Ocho What's them? Lemme see The platinum Y Oh oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.


Them thing. Nice. I'm thing. Nice. Same with these. I've only worn 'em twice. I mean once I wore 'em once, like, like I said, I, I just, I I think for me now, being able to give back to Savannah State would be more to me than keeping the shoes. Right. I mean I, I've had 'em, I mean some of the stuff that I'm getting rid of, I've had a a a an extremely extremely, lemme see that. Lemme no, lemme see the, the right there. Yeah. Is the shoes in there? And you put a battery here and the bus. Man this thing, you woke me up in the middle of night. I was like, what the hell is this?


Because Itep, what's That in the bus? OOO Air max. Them them 90 fives. Yeah. No, them ain't them one. You ain't where I never warn, Hey, you just be buying stuff man. You be wasting money, man. I had a lot, I had a lot of stuff. I do. I still got, I've probably still got probably 150, 200 pair. Yeah. See you tripping man. You, you a hoarder, you a, you a hoarder.


They need to do a show on, on you collected shoes for no reason just to have shoes. No, but I do. But that's what I do. I have 12, I have 12 pair of shoes. Good boy. I have 12 pair of shoes. They are 12 months in the year. Yeah. So I always tell myself, my grandma always said, boy, you only need one, one pair of shoe a month. And that's how I live. I have 12 pair of shoes, one for each day, one for each month, that's it. And I never go over 12. I, If so, get, you know what don't your back with like, with Ash, and I was at FS one, I was like, you know what Ash? I'm gonna wear a different pair of shoes every day, every day, every day. I said, I'm gonna wear, I, I, I told her, I said, I got, I could wear a different pair of shoes for at least a year and a half, maybe two years.


Nah, you can't. Damn, bro. So we started out, I went like, like a month. I said, man, ladies for this, 'cause I gotta go in the box. I gotta take 'em out the box. I gotta lace 'em up. I said, man, lit it for this. And so that's why I just like, you know what? And I just wear the same shoe. So I said, I'm done with this. And I was like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna sell. I'm gonna sell. And cool kicks like, Hey, you wanna sell it? I'm like, yeah, I will. I absolutely will. What, what not, what not. Well, with that cool kicks, right, we had Cool Kicks headquarters, but whatnot says like, asked me would I be interested in party ways.


I was like, well, how many, like, well, how many you wanna sell? I said, at least I probably, let's see how many I got, man. Ocho I had done, I had a whole room, right? My closet had already taken over my closet. Then I ended up taking a bed out and put, it had shoes stacked up in the room where the bed used to be. Woo. So I said, now I'm done. And I still got, I still probably got like 75 pair in Atlanta, like Oregon duck threes. I still got some fives. I still, I still got like fourteens. I still got some air. I just, it's just time. It's time. Mocho. It's time. Yeah. It's, it's, you, you gonna feel better about yourself too.


You need to get rid of those. I'm sure the money's probably going to a good cause you get rid of them. Create some space. I wanna have, I wanna have a scholarship. I wanna have a scholarship fund in my alma mater. I like it. I like, I like that. I like That, that that's what I want. That's, that's what I want. It's the first time that I'm gonna do something and people will know about it because a lot of times I give money to, to various charities and they have, they have one simple in they have, I give the one, I don't care. Okay, I understand what this charity is and y'all, I'm sure y'all gonna use y'all discretion and, and, and, and distribute the money in a place it's supposed to go. I said, but you can never tell that I gave you anything. Right? I said, if you ever tell that I gave you money, I'll never give to this organization again.


Ooh. Because I'm not giving it, I'm not giving it For that reason. People don't need to know. I like, I like people. Like you don't do nothing for your community. You don't do nothing. You don't know what I do. So this is for a worthy cause. And so if it goes well, the next collection, I'm probably gonna sell everything but about, I probably keep like 10 pair. I'd probably keep 15 pair. But there are shoes that I could wear on the regular, not, not the, not the Yee. And I got some of the Yeezys, like when he first went to Adidas, Right, The sim 50 boot I got, yeah, I got a couple pair of those. I got a black, I got the black, I got the brown.


I got like some of the three 50. I got some of the early stuff that he did when he first went to Adidas. Right. So I like it. That's, that's, that's where, Hey boy, y'all, y'all rich folks be going crazy with the shoes. Boy, Man, I was, man, look, You, I was, I was, I was, I was with Nike and that definitely helps. But a lot of times I would give it like to my teammates. Burns and Bucket got more than I did. Right. My sister, you know, she got a lot of stuff. My sister still wears, she still got her old shoes in the box. I ain't played in 20 years. Right?


But she wore the same shoes, but Burns bucket, a couple of people like that. I got a little stuff, but my, a lot of my teammates, they would want stuff and I would get it for them. And so that's how it kind of started Ocho is that with that. And then I would see stuff. I was like, man, I want, okay, I want this, I want this, I want this. And I, and so sometimes I was able to get it, sometimes I wasn't and I had to pay. But it's time to part with it now. It really is. And so hopefully, I mean, I don't, like I said, I don't know. I mean Ash was telling me some of the prices, like one, yeah, one of 'em is already priced at 12 K.


12 K what? 12, 12,000 American dollars. American Shit. Boy, y'all got me boy. See boy, don't play that bro. 12,000, nothing. Well, I don't even spend 12 and everything in the buy now is in the two hundreds. But the big stuff, the big, the big stuff is, is, is is coming tomorrow. Like the, the camos and the stuff like that. And you know, I got the chunky dunks and I got a lot of dunks. I got is is the strawberry dunks in that? The strawberry? I got strawberry dunks that's included. So strange love. Strange loves strange love. That's what they call ash. Yeah. Too bad shit. Oh, did we include that size eight?


I got a size a LV. Yes. They red the real one. Yeah, I show Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I remember everything. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Y'all, that's, that's an, that's an expensive hobby that I I I, I choose not to, not, not to partake in. I, I stick to my, I stick to my simple shoes. Shoes. But I tell you what, collecting shoes is cheaper than watches. That's for damn sure. Yeah. Yeah. That's for damn sure. That's a very expensive hobby. I had two expensive hobbies. One is more expensive than the other for sure. Yeah. You know, I, I, I, I started dibbling dabbling in, in some watches, you know, You Know the, the, the money coming in a little different these days.


But I got, like I said, like I said, I I I, I wanted to do something for Savannah saying I wanted to establish a, a scholarship fund And give back for an institution that did so much for me, right? The doctors, my favorite, Joyce Macklemore, who was my remedial reading teacher, Joan Ann Green, who was my, my read my remedial English teacher. Because I started Savannah State in all developmental studies, all remedial classes. And those, Scott Simpson was my remedial math teacher. He got me out of there.


And then I got with Haynes Walton, I got with Norman Elmore, I got with Man Clara Bain, gay Hewitt, Scott Smith, I mean Steven Smith. And my life, my life changed. Yeah. My life changed. They opened my eyes. And I couldn't have done, I couldn't have, I couldn't have, I couldn't be the person that I am without that experience. I met a guy that's like my brother bucket at Savannah State. All of my kids, all of my kids' moms went to Savannah State. So, man, it's gonna be, it's gonna be a great, it's gonna be a great honor for me to go and present that check to the president.


That's gonna be a proud moment for me. Ocho Oh yeah, I know it, I know it is anytime, but that's not the end of it now. So now that's a really, it's gonna be, it's gonna be a regular occurrence. So every year I'm gonna donate to that fund. Right. And obviously, you know, hopefully I got at least 20 more times around the 20 more summers, obviously in, in my, my state. Savannah State will get a big chunk also. So I'm very appreciative to what Savannah State is, has been able to do for me and help me in my life. The Volume


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker On. the latest season of my podcast, Against the Rules. I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against, the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules Listen to Against. the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.