
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career, And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music, and a little bit of everything. Let's have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors, it's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus, you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan Burkin type of a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Amers here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on lit tabla. Listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume, The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money. Money. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


OCHO Tyreek Hill's agent Drew Rosenhaus said The wide receivers committed to the Do Dolphins despite post game comments. Tyreek reportedly met with Dolphins, general manager, Chris Greer and head coach Mike McDaniel earlier this week. And Rosenhaus believes his client remains faithful to the club. I think at the end of the day he's committed to this Dolphins football team. He had an excellent meeting with Chris Greer and Mike McDaniel. They have many more worries. Tyreek Hill is not one of them, right? If we are to believe what Mike McDaniel said, he asked Tyreek, if you go in the game in the fourth quarter, they said Tyreek said he was unavailable.


It was brought to Mike McDaniel. Is it an it is not a new injury Now he said he had a broke wrist, blah, blah, blah. Okay, fine. If you started the game with that, you got, you can't leave 'em high and dry. It ain't a good look. Ocho. Yeah, yeah. There's no different, and I said this before, there's no different than what AB did in that Berry Stadium. There's no different than what Campbell did for the 49 ERs. And then, and then to exacerbate, to make matters worse, this man put a, change his profile, put his face on ab and we're supposed to say like, oh, there's nothing wrong. There's Something wrong. Listen, where there's smoke, there's fire always, no matter what Drew Roll House says, you know, no matter.


And, and listen, cheetah said, said what he wanna say. There were frustrations. What led to that? Not going back into the game. We would never know the true answer. We'll never know your answer. Listen, I could sit back. I could sit here and call him and be like, Hey bro, what happened? What really happened? Why didn't you go back into the game? What was wrong? Were you tired of getting cardio? Were you tired of the fact that they weren't able to get to the ball? You know, are you upset that you know the season? What isn't what it should have been for you? Obviously the tour, obviously with tour injuries early in the season and did not having the time, the adequate time or getting the opportunity needed once he came back to the game to get your numbers where they should be for the type of player that you are. Listen, re if you see this, I mean, it is Cheetah. Justin Jefferson had a good season this year.


Jamar Chase had a phenomenal obviously Triple Crown winner winner this year. Tyreek is still the best receiver at NFLI. I don't want people to forget that. I don't, I I don't want you to forgive. Now I know what we see at this. What have you done for me lately? Obviously there are reasons why is season didn't go the way it did this year. There's reasons why we understand, we understand that. But Cheetah is still the most dangerous receiver in today's NFL. I don't want people in the chat to ever forget that. I believe He's the most dangerous. But I believe as far as total receiver, I think Chase, I think Ja, chase and Jefferson has passed. Coach, Right? Come listen, there, there, there are more than one way to skin a cat, right? Yes, yes, absolutely. But listen, chase is scary.


Justin, You talking about Catfish though, right? Huh? You talking about skin a catfish, right? Yes, Sir. Yes sir. Okay, okay. I I don't want deal, I don't want either to come here and try to shut us down on Joe, right? Oh, my bad. Hey, what, what? I'm just saying from, from an instance of who you don't want to face, who you don't want to, who you don't want to touch the ball and have any kind of crease or any kind of angle and listen you mind. Well, the fat lady, Michael West all singing, right? That will, that will always be tar. I don't want people to lose sight of how great Tyreek Hill is because of a down season. I don't know what his frustrations were. That's the thing, Ocho, because Ocho, you can't complain. You went for the money and, and in nobody's mind, did they ever think that tour was better than my home?


Now you got the money, you secured your family. Now if you bled through 72 million, guaranteed probably about, probably made like $90 million over the last four years, a hundred million over the last four years. If you blow through that, hey, I don't know to tell you Joe. Nah, but you cannot complain. Oh, I wanna win. Really? You left the win over the last five years. Who won more games than the Kansas City Chiefs Ocho. If it's about winning. Mm Oh I man, you know, I ain't used to this. You listen. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait a minute. Now we have to understand why you left the Chiefs now. Based on what, based on who Tyreek was and when he was bringing to the table, they weren't paying him what he was worth.


So I understand why he left to go to the Dolphins. You don't, and not only that, he didn't miss a goddamn beat in any category as a receiver. He didn't miss a beat. Remember what Tyreek did? He did? Just last year? Yeah. Yes. No, in a yard. Yeah. The only reason things weren't the same this year is because of the injuries de tour. You know, Ocho And there's a reason why, there's a reason why quarterbacks, when you have a backup, there's a reason why the backup is backup. Yeah. There's a reason. There's reason why, But you gotta be the same no matter what. Right? You got to show up with your hard hat and your lunch pail regardless, because now it seems like tyre's a front runner. When things are going good, he's there.


Why we didn't hear about nothing about no broken wrist all year long. Let me ask you this. No, no, no, no, No, no, no, no. Wait, wait, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Remember there, there, there were, there were a few games where he was on the, in the injury list due to his wrist. You know, he could, he could've gotten surgery, but it was messed up. But he kept playing. He just had a, he had to take the rear headache. Lemme ask you a question. Yeah. If Tyreek makes the Pro Bowl and he gets 1400 yards, do we hear anything about this wrist? Yes or no? No, Sir. So why are we hearing about it now? Drew has trying to get him a cop out that wrist. His leg wasn't broken. Nah, nah. I'm, I'm he Out. I'm Ocho You know how I am Ocho Yeah, I I Know how you I I I know, I know, I know, I know how you are. But I'm, what, what I'm not gonna do is I'm not gonna make excuses.


I'm not gonna do that. Thank you. I appreciate that. He did have a, he did have a wrist injury. They brought it up a few times earlier in the season. Yeah. I don't know if he, he landed wrong and then did something. I think he needed surgery, but he opted out of getting surgery and decided just to tape it up very, very heavy and continue playing. That's all. Look at the first game. He had that game winning a touchdown. Did he call, remember that? What about them? Hundred yard games that he had? I, I couldn't tell. Could you tell his Christmas hurting? He look like cheetah. Okay, Ocho now's time to welcome in. Baltimore. Ravens receiver, he got the party started Saturday night early. He caught the touchdown, the first touchdown from Lamar Jackson.


Rashad Bateman. Rashad. How, how's it going bro? Man, thanks for joining us. We're doing great. Rashad. Look, you guys played unbelievable on, on Saturday. You guys dominated the ball game. You got off to an early start. The first drive you go down score a touchdown. But what was the, what was what what this, this team, this offense, this team, it looks different, this playoff compared to last year. Did, is there a difference? What have you noticed different? Is the practices different? Are you guys meeting different, did Coach Harbaugh change anything because you guys had a, a look in your eye that like, look yeah, we're excited about this one but we got something else in mind.


Yeah, man, I would definitely say to the team is on a, you know, agenda right now. Lamar, Derek, you know, lean us in the right direction. But nah, ain't nothing different. I would definitely say, you know, players just locked in right now, man. Ranking going crazy man. Everything hitting. So, you know, man, we just gotta, you know, man, keep doing what we're doing. Yeah, I Like it. Look, Shaq, what's up man? This Ocho man Hugs fan man. What I got, Huge fan. Appreciate, appreciate You listen, speak to our audience man and myself also. And, and, and let us and, and UNC know why you believe Lamar Jackson is the MVP. I mean at this point man, I only know what we're going off on, on no more.


I dunno if we're going off stack film or what man, but you know, in my eyes, I mean everything speaks for itself. I mean, duke Ka White made plays, you know, weekend and week out and not just, you know, regular plays, you know, amazing plays. I mean the stats are there. I mean, you turn the film, he jump out. It ain't even just about the numbers, you know, at this point it's just, you know what I'm saying? You can't deny that Lamar Jackson is on the field no matter who on the team. So, I mean, I ain't the judge, but hey, you know what I'm saying? I definitely think it's, you know, NV three year Ba when you guys found out like the Baltimore Ravens have signed Derrick Henry to a two year deal, knowing, watching him for from afar, I don't know if you were on that team the first year that they played you guys in, in the playoffs that came in there on the divisional round.


No, I don't think he was there. I think later you came the next year. But when you watched him, obviously you watched him on, on film before. What is it about him? How is he able to do that? It seems like he gets stronger as the game goes on and that's when those big runs start to take place late the third quarter. I'm understand a guy like that, you know, at this level, you know, every day you, I mean you see why, you know, he, the player, he's, dude eat healthier, dude. You know what I'm saying? Practice hard. I'm talking about, you know what I'm saying? Hard first one in last one leave. I mean he do all the things you would, you know, think that a rookie would doing, you know what I'm saying? He a, you know what I'm saying? A veteran, you know, hall of Famer.


So there's no question to why, you know, we haven't successed, you know, this late in the league. So, I mean, you know, I I I guess in no age, you know this running back thing right now, could bro, could bro to that beat right now. He told Zay, excuse me, I mean ba you guys go get Zay Flowers back this week. Now you guys probably knew early in the week that he wasn't gonna be there. That meant you and other guys were gonna have to step up. Mark Andrews likely you guys were gonna have to step up and carry the low Aguilar. So now that there's a possibility that he's going to return this week, what does he bring? What addition does he bring now to the table when you go into Buffalo?


When you say spread the field out? I mean this year, I think that's the biggest difference for us. It's been able to spread the ball out. You know, I'm in all different areas. We got a lot of play makers over the field, you know, as we see, you know, anybody can have a good game for Lamar, Dar, mark Za, myself. You know, it just depends on how the game going. You know, back again, za back, you know, would definitely be big plus us, you know, if that happen. But you know, we just go see how that plays out right now.


If you need a new appliance, now's the time to buy industry-wide Price increases are coming, but Bray and Scarf has you covered right now with last second savings throughout all their stores. With next day and two day delivery on in-stock bestsellers save big on all in-stock KitchenAid dishwashers and Whirlpool washers and dryers shopping for something else. Don't stress, you can still get it at the lowest price with Brays Scarfs best price guarantee. Visit any of our convenient locations or shop online@braysscarf.com where it doesn't cost more to get more.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They Changed it and the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was when you send it, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondence and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show here edition on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'm Nam Burkin Tell about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL UN scripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Deir, former 700 game NHL defenseman turn, NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're still gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL. Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki That short of Casa Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Listen mo most of the time bake, you know, during this time of year end the postseason towards the end of the season. Most players are banged up. Nobody's really, truly a hundred percent. And you've dealt with some tough injuries early in your career. Do you feel now you've turned a corner and what helped you cope with extensive rehab to get you to the point where you are now? Yeah man, I ain't even gonna lie, man. That was a tough time. Yeah, that was a tough time right there, man. But I definitely say that I crossed the hump last year was my First time, you know, playing a full season healthy. So this is my, you know, second year playing healthy, you know, finally being involved in the offense. But man, to get over that man that just took a god and, and, and mental strength because there was a time where I thought it was all over.


But you know, at the end of the day, bro, 'cause of the NFL man, it's a draft area. These people trying to pay somebody every yeah. So, hey man, your time, your time is ticking. So, you know, just being able to, you know, have that mindset, dog mentality bro. Just keep going. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Know who I am, you know what I'm saying? I know I be open, I know I can get open, I know I can make plays. So man, just being able to believe in myself and continue to continue to go out and do that. Yeah, well most definitely. Also, I wanna extend my services while I'm here. Now we talk about, you know, your time taking and, and, and being available. I can extend your planned career by 10, 12 years as a nutritionist. Now if you wanna hire me and I can, I can help you out with that part. I'm not sure if you have a nutritionist, I don't wanna step on nobody to, but we could talk about that later off camera and do a little business.


I don't charge number $20 a week. So you, you add that 20 a week for six months. That ain't nothing. That's a drop in the bag. What McDonald's paying you? Yeah. Ah, yeah. I feel good. I figured, I figured. So For sure Babe. Talk, talk to us about like, when you run a route, obviously you expect the ball. 1, 2, 3 ball might come out. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 ball might come out, but you have to stay alive. That's Lamar Jackson about there and he can extend the play three seconds to five seconds, to eight seconds to 10 seconds. And on that first touchdown run, I mean, excuse me, that first touchdown pass, that is exactly what happened, happened.


He was able to extend, extend, extend. You start one way and then come back. Tell us like what is your thought process when you lead the huddle. Okay. They call the play ready break and you lead the huddle. What's going through your mind? You, you better able to get shape, man. That's why it's important. It's important to be on the field and be able to get those reps in with Lamar man because he the type of quarterback man, you gotta, you know, say take practice to take rhythm. You know, you stay alive. Yeah, stay alive. You know what I'm saying? Play like that. 'cause you know, it ain't easy bro. It ain't easy man. A lot of people can't even relate to that type of ball. So I mean it's tough.


Do you guys practice that because like sometimes like, like a a a a scramble drill. Do you guys, do you guys like, do they allow him to keep the ball? 'cause a lot of times we didn't, we didn't do that. I mean, after like certain things, you know, they coaches just blow the whistle, but you really can't blow the whistle because it's so hard to get his ass on the ground. And So you really, really have to stay alive for at least five seconds. I mean, maybe Coach Harbaugh don't even blow the whistle until the whistle get to like seven to 10 seconds because you gotta stay alive because they're not getting him down within the first two seconds. I was de I say be practicing hard, definitely let the play go about 10 seconds longer than a normal a normal coach would because that's by how long like l can extend the play for sure.


Yeah. Yeah. Listen, This I got a good question. This is the good one. And listen, I I am a, I'm an enthusiast, a great defensive back play, you know, and you've been in your short career so far. Who do you think the best DB is in the league and who's the best DB that you've faced to date so far? I go so Pat, you probably talking in the league right now? Yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. Have you had, have you had an opportunity to go against Derrick Singly yet? What, what do you think about Derrick Singy? He nice, he nice for sure, but I definitely take Pat open. Okay, okay. I like it. I like him. Yeah, Yeah. Pat fluid man, he just like, he gl he just so effort.


I mean he just in and outta them brakes. I mean the way he can close on the ball. Yeah. He long, he got long pat Tall. Pat tall and Pat too to be that size. He, yeah, He bigger than you think he was. He like 6 2 3 At least six three for sure. Yeah. Pat tall, he can move to be that big. Yeah. Hey, can you do Hold on, hold on Babe. What was your, I need you to do, do do a favor and, and pass Marlon Humphrey and Nate Wiggins need, I need you pass him a message for you. Matter of fact text them, you get a chance and tell them what's up. That they can't stop me. They couldn't cover me and they need to be thanking God. I'm not playing in this era. Oh no, you be I'll send a message. I gonna see what they say Be.


What was your welcome to the NFL moment? Shit, my rookie year. Roco, you on my team now we went to Chicago, brought up my helmet off. Ain't never, ain't never had, I ain't never had that before. I, and my whole career flipped for white. Ain't never had my helmet knocked off. I said yeah these boy get paid, these boy getting paid. I said lemme tighten up. Yeah slip. Did he catch you slip little screen call color, screen cut back, helmet came off, hammer came off. Yeah. If that, that's what people don't realize. When you run that jamb break screen, the bubble screen or whatever you guys call it, it's that inside that hurt because them d lineman linebacker, they coming from in here. And that's what you wanted to do. Turn Into the, that ocho he seen what ing now you what going on now, now?


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Listen, I I lived in the trenches though. I lived in the trench. You gotta think, but I, you gotta think I did. I did. No, didn't you gotta think? No, no, no. He might have been born in the trenches but he ain't living in no Trenches. Not In the l. Don't let it fool you babe. Yeah, Yeah. I, man, listen, you gotta think I, I was 6 0 2 30 when I was playing So you know, I, it, it was nothing to me be down there. That's crazy bro. Yeah, Yeah. Then McDonald's had to at two 30. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah about that. He ain't been over, he ain't been over day life like I be watching. So now look. Yeah, yeah. This is a rematch.


Buffalo. They came in in week four. You guys did a job on him. Derrick Henry ran. Wow. That was like, okay. They put Derrick Henry into I formation. They tossed it to him. They handed to him and he ran wild. What do you guys expect? Buffalo? Look, this is the rematch that the two MVP front running candidates. Lamar Jackson, Josh Allen. But this time it's in their business. I mean, I definitely say, you know, like any other person, you gotta start the run game with anybody. Man. I, it's to the point. I don't know how they like, like how defend it, you know what I'm saying? You gotta account for all players. You gotta defend, you know what I'm saying? All links to the field, you know, when you play us. So I would just say, man, you gotta be prepared for all.


I mean we done shown that we're capable of being you on the run game, you know, pass game, screen game and you know, we healthy, you know, we got guys back on the field. So you know, man, preparation practice gotta go out and you know, saying execute. It's always game plan execution. Last year ba the season did not end the way you wanted it to. You got the MVP front runner, you got a almost 2000 yard rush in your back field. You got the First time a Ravens drafted receiver has gone to the Pro Bowl. You guys are low. You guys had the most, I think you guys had the most pro bowlers. I think you had nine pro bowlers, you got a lot of all pro guys over there.


If you guys don't get to and win the Super Bowl, is this season of disappointment in your eyes To us man, how we view it? I mean, if we're gonna do that, I feel like that's every year, you know what I'm saying? We hold ourself to the standard. That's a standard. That's, you know what I'm saying? This organization, you know what I'm saying, that's win. Super Bowls won't take, you know what I'm saying? That's what we strive for always. So that's the end goal. The goal is to make it there. And then we don't then of course, you know what I'm saying? We feel like, we feel we got all the tools, we got everything we need, you know what I'm saying? To be successful, top to bottom. So we just gotta go out and do it now. Yeah, Yeah. That's what, Come on man. Don't come on. Don't do that man. Don't do that man. Come on Man.


Hey, you know, you know, won't you know, don't Listen to that About that. He played for the Bronco. He played for the Broncos for 12 years. He just happened to be on the Ravens for two That don't even Hey, that it just to work out. He just happened to work out for. Yeah. Oh, hey, hey. They don't, Hey babe, do they happen to get either? You gotta work, you gotta work for that one. Here we go. You gotta work for that one. You gotta work for that one. Hey Ocho, why you be, you gotta work. You better check somebody Now if you, if you a Raven fan and y'all know anything about that 2000 Ravens, okay, I did my part on the offense.


Listen, I understand. You See that Trophy, right? That trophy you carrying that trophy is because of the Raven 2000 defense. I'm Whoa, whoa. We score, Score. They only score with nine points a game. Hey, look at that on. Matter of fact, hey, I'm gonna tell I how How They gonna start eight. They gonna stack eight, nine in the box. Right? You gonna have about 1 20, 1 30 and two tds. Hey, speaking into, Go ahead. No, I'm telling you I'm manifesting it.


I'm not, I'm not. Go ahead. I'm not Cleo and I'm a, I'm a bangle at, but I'm telling you how the game gonna go. I, I already know They gonna stack the box. I bet. Hey the bango, we do bad things for the bang. Don't even worry about the, I don't even know why he brought them up. We talking about, we About play Very respectful. I thought that's what he was talking about my Brother. I was very respectful. I I was telling b telling Bateman how the game gonna go. You talking about the Bangals. Oh, Oh, I forgot. I'm not supposed to talk about team that didn't make the playoffs. You know me and we talking about team that made the playoffs. That's what we talk about. You know, we talking about, you know, trying to make a Super Bowl run.


Oh, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. This ain't about no Bronco. We, I hear Raven, they flock up Two you a hater. So you, you a hater. Hey, we appreciate that man. Huh? Who y'all got? Listen, I'm la I'm la all day. I'm all Day. He had Josh Allen for the M bp Like that. We, we gonna lie on, we gonna on That's i's crazy. Everybody, come On, come On, come on man.


Ocho, if that's true, that's, Hey this me now this me now I'm Trying. I know, I know, I know, I know ain't okay, Come on. Don't do that because you got the man believing. I I, I really Well you kind, I mean you wasn't, you wasn't like, even when everybody's saying it was over that Josh Allen had the MVP sold up. I say look, I don't know if y'all see what that, see what that guy in Baltimore do it, but it's hard. I mean, how you going overlook? I said he's gonna be somewhere in the low forties. He could have less than five interception and there's an outside chance he has a thousand yard rushing. So what we gonna do about that in a season that we've never seen before? And you might not ever seen it again.


That's, Look, I I said it before what he's doing, only one other quarterback has ever done it. And that's Aaron Rogers when he goes 40 in less than five interceptions and every time he's, and he did it, he won the MVP. Now you throw 900 rush yards on top of it. That's Different What we talking about here. And the fourth and the fourth highest passer rating in NFL history Vote. He's the Mvp. That's not the take away from anybody else. Ba Josh Allen had a phenomenal season. So does Sequan. But when we look at this, the value that he gave that team, yeah, Listen, they, the voters can't make any excuses.


They can't say he had Derrick Henry, they can't use, they can't move the goalposts. Now we know they have known to move the goalposts based on who it is at this point. There's really nothing you can say. There's really nothing you can do to take that MVP away from Lamar Jackson and the type of season he had regardless to who he's had at the disposal and, and as the supporting cast, it just, it doesn't matter 'cause what he did, it is unbelievable. Yeah, for sure. I'm glad we all know. Yeah, We wanna appreciate you man. Thanks for taking time joining us at night Nightcap. We really appreciate that sir, wish you the best of luck. Continue success. You know, we gonna be watching you, but good luck on Sunday and hopefully we'll have another conversation Down the road, man.


So I appreciate y'all having me on. Y'all be safe. Yeah. Hey Whoa, whoa, whoa. And tell Nate, bro, it's, it's whatever or Humphrey, whatever they wanna do. These feet still Alive. I bet. I bet. I'm gonna bet That that bait. Alright. Wide receiver Baltimore wave. Ravens wide receiver just, was it Rashad? I don't know why I keep saying, I don't know why Justin's on my mind. Rashad Bateman first round draft pick played really well in the app. He played well all year. Obviously Zay is the number one, but Bait came on and make big plays when given the opportunity. And that's what you have to do. Ocho hey Za was out so I gotta step up and do my part now.


And that's what you have to do. And that's what I like likely made a name for himself. Andrews. Yeah. In the absence of Mark Andrews likely stepped up and now they run a lot of double tight end set. And it's hard because a lot of times when teams run double tight end set, you think they gonna block well. They get both of those guys out in pass coverage and pass, you know, in passing, in passing situations. But like he said, it's, it's, it's not easy to play. I mean Lamar is great but yeah, yeah, you just gotta stay alive Ocho you gotta stay alive because there's no damn play. It's not no like, oh man it done got Lamar and next thing you know you hear the crowd standing up, you're like, what they standing up for? I thought he got fat. Nah bro, you gotta get on your horses. Either you go straight across, you come back or you take the top off because we had scrambled drills, you know.


Oh we closest to him. We the closest guy come down the hill. Then you have the guy coming over and then you got got a guy going deep. But it was, it's great to see. It's gonna be a great ball game. Ocho I'm anxious to see how this thing turns out. The two MVP front runners playing the quarterback position. Both teams got a running game. Yep. James Cook for the bills. Lamar, excuse me, Derrick Henry for the Ravens wide receivers. Maybe you get Za flies back, but if you don't, you got two tight ends likely and Andrews going up against Kincade and Knox wide receivers. You got Shaki and Coop going up against Bateman Aguilar.


So we get, hey it's a great matchup. Offensive lines are are very, very good. They got a pro vote. The Ravens got a pro Bowl center, what you call 'em got a Pro Bowl left tackle. So that thing's gonna be very, very, and the Ravens right Tackle has done an outstanding job. TJ Watt didn't register a stat the previous week. He dealt with Miles Garrett. So Lamar like, I feel pretty good. I got Ronnie Staley on one side. I got a Pro bowl center, a pro Bowl and an All-Pro center in the middle. And then I got a right tackle. That's, I think he's a rookie. Yeah, that's playing out of his mind.


So yo, it's gonna be a very good game.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something Sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it Yeah, you was like, do I send the heart now Because I don't like the Color Edition. It's extremely pink. Mm Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondence and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show Ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'm Nam Burkin tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 Game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way, NHL network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture and you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL. Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki, That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life, the referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything, we break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts and you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason run.


Where do you believe the Raiders should look for a head coach? Obviously Coach Belichick signed with the University of North Carolina Guitar Hills. That's not an option. He has a buyout June 1st of a million dollars, but if you were to lose leave now, it'll cost him 10 million, right? So I mean, it's still a possibility. 10 billion. I mean, hey, you get the Hey Raiders, y'all want me bad enough? I mean, considering Tampa gave up two first round of the, gave 8 million in cash if you want. Hey look, they got, look, obviously the Raiders don't have the, the influx of cash. This is a mom and pop shop, so it's not no, they, he's not littered with money. He doesn't have billions and billions of dollars like some of these other owners.


The only thing that he operates is the Raiders. You know, a lot of these other owners, they have outside businesses. Jerry got, you know, a gas company and he got this and he got car dealerships in Brazil. You got Sean Khan who has car parks and all that stuff going on. So there are a lot of guys that have other things. Obviously we know what the Walton per family have. That guy's worth 80 billion, right? So $10 million to him ain't nothing. But that's a substantial amount of money considering we still don't know what the arbitration is with, with John Gruden. John Gruden had three years on that deal, right? No. John Gru had like six years on that deal. Six or seven years. He signed a 10 year deal for a hundred million and he had like six, seven years.


So he had 60 million, 60, 70 million arbitration is coming. Okay? They had a coach after him. They fired him. Oh, Josh McDaniel. So they got Josh McDaniels on the payroll. Okay? You just had ap. Yeah, AP had to sign at least a three year deal. So you got him on the payroll, right? So you still got a damn near probably 80, $90 million in coaches that don't coach for you, right? Yeah. And, and I think earlier this year the NFL issued a memo about all this guaranteed money coaches and players.


They let Russ go 30 plus million Kirk Cousins. We gonna see what's happening. We see a lot of coaches being, and players being let go with substantial amount of guaranteed money still on the books. But the Raiders gotta do. Look, the Raiders are things are better when the Raiders are good. There are certain teams that, you know, you re the old, the old guard, the Steelers doing well, the Broncos all of a sudden come back. Yeah, you want, you know, anytime you got the great quarterbacks, you got Mahomes, you got Lamar, Josh Allen, right? You got golf. It's better when you have the, but the, the old guards, those fans show up Steelers, they're gonna show up in Baltimore, but the Broncos, they show up, right?


Teams like that that travel the packers, they show up. And so, but the Raiders need to get this thing figured out. The NFL will consider replacing the on side kick with an alternative proposal that has been mentioned in the years past. Instead of attempting the on side kick, teams would get one down to convert fourth and 20. And if they get 20 yards, they would maintain a possession of the ball. Ocho, how many times have you seen a team pick up for a 20 yards? That ain't nothing. Hey unc, but I'm just saying the difficulty in getting 20 yards in one shot is very, very, very rare.


So they, so, so they don't, they don't pick up. So you ain't never seen nobody get 20 yard game. It's very, very rare. It can happen. It happens very. It ha How Many more than 20? Oh, how many, how many? Come on there. You know how many, how many plays? You know how many, how many, how many plays in the playbook for four 20? Yeah. How many, how many, how many? When we finn to find out on average how many 20 yard plays happen in an NFL game Game? It ain't. And I know one thing, it ain't gonna be many Joe, guess what? Hap guess what happens? You get a penalty, you get a holding penalty. Incidental contact, illegal hands to the faith the First time. But you have to rely on that happen. They, you have to hope that happens.


You have to hope that happens. So lemme ask you a question. How did we not see penalty tonight? Yeah, you saw two of them that ne and guess what? It negated, interception ho Hold on, hold on. We're we're saying fourth and 20. Eliminate the onside kickoff in hopes that there's a penalty on the play. What if you don't get the penalty? Okay. Oh, oh, Joe, think about what you just said. What if you don't get to play? If you don't get the think about it call. What if there's no holding call? I'd rather the on side kick. What if what you, what I'm saying do you think, do you think the on side kick, the conventional on side kick is more or less difficult than a a fourth, a fourth and 20 play, which is more difficult to happen fourth 20 than a long side Kick?


Yes. You got a kicker that knows how to kick the goddamn ball and to have the third bounce go up in the air. You know what the problem is? The goddamn kickers don't know how to make the goddamn ball bounce. Listen, let me, let me let, let me say something, especially to the chat. People need to understand what the on side kick is supposed to look like. The kicker is supposed to kick the ball. It's supposed to hit the ground on the third bounce. The ball is supposed to bounce and go up. Nobody, nobody has perfected that yet for some guy. I don't know why. Because the on side kick is supposed to be basically What, what's the, what's the on before you do that? What's the onside conversion rate? Gimme the onside conversion rate. Hey, You know, you know what I'm, you know what I'm talking about. I know you seen the on side kick out the right way, right? Yeah.


Yes, yes. I know. You take that bound, he hit That and he goes all the way up and it basically comes a jump ball. Yeah, but nobody's been able to do it. I'm not sure what the kickers are doing these days. Ocho, last year the league issued a total of 419 fines for the regular season and postseason through week 17. This year they've already issued 484. That's a 1.17% increase. Now we hadn't even got to the playoffs. We got wild card division championship and the Super Bowl. So we still got four more weeks. You already know this thing. Go back. This thing might be five 50. Yeah, this thing might be five 50, might be close to 600.


Don't, Joe, listen, There's certain things you can't take outta the game. You could, you could, you can, you could, you can have as many memos as you want to. You can, you can talk until you red in the goddamn face the game of the game of football to play a certain way. There's certain things you can't take out of it. You're already taking the physicality outta the game. Now you're trying to take the culture and the way and the style in which, in, in which 80% of the certain types of players are in there. The way they play it, there's only so much you can do, right? There's only so much you can do. Yeah. Look, some penalty's gonna happen. As an offensive lineman. You talk, if you get beat, tackle him. Don't let that man hit your quarterback.


Don't let that man hit your quarterback. Hey dv, if you're beat, hey, don't you give up no touchdown tackle. Hey, okay, if it's a spot, if it's a spot file, it's a spot file. We might get a a, we might get a fumble, but we can't recover a, they gonna get a touchdown. If you give, just give up. No pi and I, I'm just, I'm just being honest with you. I'm not gonna let, listen, I'm not gonna, if you, if I get beat clean, you are not going to hit my quarterback. Yeah, I'm gonna tackle you. I know they're gonna throw a flag, but I'm okay with that because guess what? You didn't do hit my quarterback in the back and he fumbled the ball. That's not gonna happen. So you just have to understand certain penalties. You just gotta accept.


Hey, good job, son. That's the way. Not let it hit. Let. That's the way to not let our quarterback get hit. Some things are gonna happen. The Patriots have hired Mike Vrabel as the next head coach. Robert Kraft will replace one of his former players with another in hopes to improve the results. Vrabel is the first coach since 1950 to directly succeed. Another coach where both played together in the NFL as teammates. Since far Greg took over for Bart Starr as the Packers head coach in 1984. There might be a possibility to bring Josh McDaniels back as offensive coordinator. Considering that Josh, before we talk about Mike Vrabel, it seems to me the only place Josh McDaniels can have success is in New England.


Wait a minute, well stop right there. The only place Josh McDaniel could have success is in New England when he has Tom Brady at the helm. Well, he did go to the playoffs when he had a Mack Jones. Remember Mack Jones? Rookie year he had Mack. They went 10 and six. Then he goes to remember, he goes to the Raiders, the Raiders to get the Raiders job. Coach Belichick had this brilliant idea that I think Bill O'Brien was the coach for one year. And then Bill O'Brien leaves and then he has two of his s Slappy homies come in there. Matt, Patricia and Joe Judge. Guys that have never called an offensive play in all their life, right?


Their one is a special teams coach. The other is a DC and you know what? Our first round draft pick as a quarterback that made the Pro Bowl as a rookie that ended up taking us to the playoffs. We want to have two guys in his ear that's never ever called an offensive play. Yeah. What do you think about this? For me, I'm disappointed that Mr. Kraft did not give Gerard Mayo more time, right? It'd be interesting to see if Vrabel struggles and not have a, a great record. The likelihood of him moving on with Vrabel after the year is not very likely. No, Absolutely. Everybody else that Mr. Kraft has had, now granted, he had Coach Belichick from 2000 until 2023, right?


Five to 24. But Coach Belichick was five and 11. He got another p he got a grace period. Next year we know what happened. He went Super Bowl and the takeoff. But do you like the hire of Mike Vrabel? I mean, I like it. I like it, but I, I don't see much changing. I don't see much changing depending on how the draft goes, depending on what they get in free agency, then I, you get some pieces in there that, that could help defensively, that can help offensively. Things might change, but I don't see it to be a quick turnaround that fast. I've never seen a team turnaround that fast.


The quarterback position, obviously Drake May is good. He showed flashes of, of brilliance, then he is had some loss. Obviously you get that with rookie quarterback. Depending on his growth and how, how much better he gets from, from now to next season, then I think things will, will be okay for them. But I don't see him making that kind of jump where it just changes the dynamic of that team in general. And all of a sudden they turn around and win 10, the 11 something games. No, it's not gonna happen. But if they Buffalo, if they do have a losing season, again, the lease for Rayville will will be much longer than the least for Gerard Mayo. The Volume,


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


If you need a new appliance, now's the time to buy. Industry-wide price increases are coming, but Bray and Scarf has you covered right now with last second savings throughout all their stores. With next day and two day delivery on in-stock bestsellers save big on all in-stock. KitchenAid dishwashers and Whirlpool washers and dryers shopping for something else. Don't stress. You can still get it at the lowest price. With Bray Scarfs best price guarantee. Visit any of our convenient locations or shop online@brayscarf.com where it doesn't cost more to get more.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL Quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirrorball Trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Let's have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states, and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.