
If you love iPhone, you'll ll love Apple. Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card Apply for Apple. Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners Subject to eligibility. Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank USA Salt Lake City Branch member FDI C Terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball The, blind Side, and Liar's Poker. On The latest season of my podcast against The Rules. I'm exploring What. It means to be a sports fan in America. And What The Rise of Sports Betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against The Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against The rules. Listen to Against The Rules on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974, George Foreman was champion of The world. Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story behind The Rumble in The. Jungles like a Hollywood movie, But that is only half The story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam maba, Al The biggest Slack artists that on The Planet together in Africa. It was a big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and The Soul of 74 on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcast, or wherever you Get your podcasts.


What's up y'all? It's Cam Jordan from The New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast Off The Edge with me, cam Jordan catch new episodes every Wednesday and I'll have The, biggest N FL Stars. Join me to give a player's perspective of The biggest storylines trends, and did that really just happen moment from around The League. So tap in to off The Edge with Cam Jordan podcast, your ultimate playbook for Al things football and not football. Listen on The iHeart radio app, Apple podcast, or wherever you Get your podcast.


Hey everyone, it's Katie Couric. Well, The election is in The home stretch right in time for a new season of my podcast. Next question. I'm bringing in some foks friends of Katie's to help me out like Ezra Klein, Jen Psaki, Ted Herndon. But we're also gonna have some fun thanks to some of my friends like Samantha B and Charlemagne The. God, we're gonna take some viewer questions as well. I mean, isn't that What? Democracy is Al about. Check out our new season of next question with me, Katie Couric on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts, or wherever you Get your podcasts.


The Volume


TD taking It to The House reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown one thinks for sure touchdowns matter more At Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of The N FL on The ground in The Air from The special teams or The defense. We don't care ho you score. th we want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking sports book is The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first N FL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to Odoo your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking customers can bet five bucks and Get 250 instantly in bonus bets and Get One month free of N FL plus premium. Download The draft King sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to Get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five books and Get one month free of N FL plus premium only on DraftKings The. Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, ojo Yo It is time for Rough Draft and today's topic. NFL's most important positions, take a look. Al, right? Who's first? Me. Ocho. Ocho. You first Now is? Yo, you first. I done won The last two times. Ashton, I went first, last time. You Get to go first. Okay, you ready? Yep. Most important N. FL positions. Yep.


Quarterback. I'm gonna take left. Tackle. That is a good one. DB defensive back. Okay, I'm gonna take DT tackle. Dammit. That's where I was going. Yeah, Al, right? Since you took that I'm gonna go defensive end Wide receiver. I'm gonna go middle linebacker. Not just any, not just any middle linebacker. I'm talking about Fred, Fred Warner. Like Zaire Franklin type. Yeah.


No Middle Backer is a middle backer. Nah, I had to make sure you, you knew What type of middle backers I was talking about. Okay, I'm gonna take Kicker. Oh, that's a good one. Matter of fact, gimme The 12th man. The fan. The fan. That ain't no position, but I'll let you have It. It ain't It ain't a position. But It can affect The game tremendously. Tremendously. Okay, Well he makes Al The calls.


So I'm gonna go center. Damn. You wanna go? Honorable mention? Yeah, honorable Honor, my honorable mention. I'm gonna go right Tackle since you went left. Tackle. Okay, I'll go, I'll take tight End Al, right? Al right. I like It. I know I probably, I I probably won that. I I won that list.


Al. I know. Is your quarterback gonna Get crushed. I'm hit you. I'm gonna hit your quarterback in The back of his head. Right? You got, you got, you got D Tackle, right? I got D Tackle. Yeah, I got Aaron Donald. Okay, well I got Ds in. I got TJ Watt And I got Trent Williams Or Miles Garrett or Michael Parsons. Either, either one. th I got Trent. I got Trent Williams. Look at Al. My receivers that I got. Justice Jefferson. Well, look at Al. Look at Al. My look at Al, my dbs I got Oh, We'll cut you Al cut. You Al up Uhuh Uhuh.


No sir Ho will snap you The ball. Oh, anybody can snap me The ball. Okay. Okay. Okay. Anybody Snapping The Ball? Ask, ask Alabama, can anybody snap The ball? You see What happened with that Center rolling It back. Al Ocho Dunk. On Unc. Chad. Here we go. Oh, Fat man is sweating there Al.


Right? Here we go. Question number one for Dunk. On Unc What year did N FL hold its first hall of Fame Fame Fame game What year? Did The N FL hold its first Hall of Fame game? Oh yeah, I know. Shit. I know. ho you feel? Oh my goodness. Boy, that was funny. Ooh Yeah, I know, I know, I know. I give you a hint. Gimme a hint. Frank Sinatra performed at Carnegie Hall this year, 1963.


Wrong, but you was close. You know why you was close because you performed at Carnegie Hall in 19 19 62. But you was right. You was right. He was right there. And he did perform at Carnegie Hall in 1962. Okay, here we go. Second question. What Odoo players from tonight's Hall of Fame game franchises are being enshrined in The Hall of Fame this year from The. Two teams that are playing tonight. I ain't telling ho Don't chat. Don't tell him. Oh, Kevin Hester and, okay, Andre, Josh, listen, I gave you that one.


You know, because because I, because I'm a friend. I gave you Yeah, I gave you an easy one. I gave you that one. But I got one for you right now and you ain't gonna Get this one. Just, just to, just to bring you back down to Earth name The last four american hundred meter gold medalist The. Last four male a hundred meter, excuse me, gold medalist In 2004. It was Justin Gatlin in 2000. It was Maurice Green.


Hold On, hold on. It looked like you It looked like you're reading something now. It looked like you're reading something man. No, I'm no, no, no, no. Justin Gatlin in oh four in Athens. 2000 Mo Green is Sidney. Are we counting, are we counting Carl Lewis in 88 being suspend receiving The Gold after Ben Johnson? Or we just going straight to 88? I mean 84. We, we Can count. We we, we Can call that Carl one and then I'm gonna go Jim Hines in 1968.


Justin Gatlin, 2004 Athens, Maurice Green, 2000, Sydney Carl Lewis, 88 and S Soul Carl Lewis. 84 8 84 84 In la Okay. I was just making, I was just making sure I threw Jim Hines in that just in case you wanted to say either I want heating. I just, I just threw that in there. Yeah, I just threw that In there. Well, technically because you ain't said Carl Lewis twice. You wrong. I did Ojo don't Odoo that Hojo. You know What. I did. I see What. I did. I plugged in Ojo. I logged in, I logged on, now I logged on o You lemme plug The computer. Okay, here we go. Number four.


Yeah, you ain't getting this one. What seven events make up The Hip top The Lawn The Hip top Lawn. Okay. 800 meters. 800 meters. 200 meters. Wait a minute, listen to me now let me try again. What's, what's seven events make up The Hip? Yes.


Helon, The, Helon is is, is is The female version of The Decathlon which is 10 events. The Jalin seven. I'm waiting on you. Okay, so The 200 meters The 800 meters. 800, 200 Javelin High jump a hundred meters long.


Jump in The No. Yeah, long jump in The hurdles. That is absolutely wrong. The seven events that make up The have Pathon are The 60 meter Sprint The, long jump The shot put The high jump The 60 meter hurdles The pole vote and not The 800 meters, 1000 meters. No, that's not true. The. He tapon That, that, that, that The. He tapon. We, Before we ask these questions, we fact check everything before we put these questions in. These are, these are The answers. No, they won The hundred meters though Joe. It's The hundred then. No, they don't Odoo that. Okay.


No. So you gonna, you gonna tell my you you gonna tell my computer that my computer's wrong? Yes, I know I'm right. Tell him, tell him I apologize. Hold on. What a Corey. Oh Joe, I logged on. He's right. Oh, Joe. Yes, I'm right. I logged on. You Cheating. Hold on. What, is this Chad? Y'all I correct The computer. ho you think put The ho You think put The information in Big Blue? That big IBM computer that outta information ho you think programmed It Ocho.


Man, damn. Fly in here man. Okay, I'm gonna, I'm gonna let, I'm gonna let, I'm gonna let you slide with that one. You ready? I'm gonna, I'm gonna let you slide with that one. Yeah. What you What you What, you What three for four. I was logged on. You know I ho many ho ho Plug in. I gonna let you see. The ho Many you got wrong. Okay, one missed that by a year. Al right? You ready for ready for your last question? I'm Ready. A Kenyon has won The 800 meters in The last six of The. Last nine Olympics name The three non-kin runners in The Nation.


They represent ho Won The other three? Yeah. Yeah. Oh goodness. Yeah, In The Olympics. That's What we talking about. You said The last nine A Kenyan has won The 800 meters The 800 meters in The last six of The last nine. So they're three that have won that haven't been Kenyan ho are The runners and What Nation, did they represent? Come on, sit now you talking about The Nations? Now I gotta give you The runners and The Nation. Yeah, that Ain't, that ain't bad. That ain't bad as th goddamn questions.


Damn words you asked me to spell that I never heard before. Ooh, Yeah. Yeah. I don't even know. I can't even know. I'm gonna say I just struck those, some, some countries out there. I don't even, I don't even know The names. I'm gonna say Uganda, Ethiopia and Uganda.


Ethiopia and I dunno. Yeah, you might as well just mark this one as wrong. So Cuba, Alright. Three outta five ain't bad. What is It The three, three non-kin runners in The Nation. They represent were Norway, Ajo, Rual, Germany's, Neils, Schumann and Russia's. Yuri was Aki. Yeah. I never that I know. Just like I ain't never Get th damn words. You asked me to spell The night. Oh hey, We hadn't had this segment in a while.


Now it's s time for Rough. Draft. Oh, Rough Draft. Rough Draft. Rough Draft. Okay. Ocho Today Show is prompted by Best. Rap. Albums. Oh, Best. Rap Albums, you know, with The, with The Super Bowl got us to thinking, okay, ho is this ho is that where you go with this or that? So The best rap album. Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on. This, this is, this is difficult. It's very difficult. Okay, let me ho going first.


Me or you Am I first Ocho you first Al, right? Best rap album. Life After Death. Is that, that's The two disc album, right? Yes. I'm, I'm just, I'm just throwing this out there. Life after Death, biggie Smalls. 'cause that's a classic. I'm going Al. Eyes on me. Tupac. Okay. Gimme Nas i Mads album. I'm gonna take The Chronic Dre. Oh that's a good one. That's a good one.


That's a good one. Okay, gimme Jay-Z's re Reasonable Doubt. Okay, give me, I'm gonna go outcast. A TA lens. Oh shit. You know What this, this is Rap too. Lil Wayne. Call The one, two, and three. I would take, I would take Jay-Z Blueprint. Oh, it's my last one right here, huh?


Yep. Gimme, gimme ju gimme Juvenile 400 degrees. Okay, I'm gonna snake take Snoop. DO double G What Doggy style I think Dog doggy style The One with The Doghouse on The Front. Front. Okay. That that was a good one. But I, I won this Rough Draft though. Okay, now it's s time Odoo exact some revenge. It's s time for Dunk On Unc Saints Edition. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. So What, I, I went No, you went So you ain't giving me Egregious?


No. Okay, okay, cool. I ain't gonna spare you either. I'm going on Saints Edition. Which Saints Player holds a franchise record for The most rushing yards? Ho. Oh man. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I'm gonna go Deuce mcCal and You absolutely wrong. It's Mark Ingram ho has 6,500 yards. Yeah. Ho many dudes got, well I On Unc in, I don't know, I don't have deuces information in front of me. But I know one thing. You got The answer wrong.


Number two second question. Yeah, ho is The Al time leader in career receptions for The Saints? Ho. I mean it's pretty easy. His son plays now. Damn What School did he go to, did he go to Elba? I ain't telling y'all that now. I ain't telling y'all that 'cause two but th words you just gave me for spell. I definitely ain't helping you.


Oh. I'm gonna go Marcus k God Damnit boy. You got that bitch right? What You to throw me off son Play boy you dirty. I on Millionaire. Yeah, The answer. Don't worry about It, don't worry about It. Just The answer is Marcus Colson, he has 711 receptions. Don't worry about It. Okay, you got one right? You got Ocho. Why you Odoo that though Joe? Listen, I I need you to go over five just like I went on five Now. I already got one for I'm good. So, okay, here we go. ho was The Saint Lead Rusher during Super Bowl 2009 Super Bowl winning season. ho was The Saints leading Rusher during their Super Bowl run during The 2009 season?


Oh my goodness. It was Reggie Pierre Thomas. Where's that? Because I logged, I logged You. Y'all It up. Y'all know I plugged It up once I Get logged you looking At The. You The chat The answering For you ww Odoo com The answering for you. They ain't got It. It ain't even up there yet. I answered before you. Okay, here we go. If if, listen, Chad, Chad listen to me. Y'all stop helping UNC out man. Putting The answers in The chat. 'cause he It ain't in no Chad, they ain't even got It up there yet. They just put It up there. I done gave you The answer.


Yeah you because you got It from th Okay, here we go. Don't, don't, don't look, don't look at The chat. Okay. Which Saints Player holds a franchise record for? Oh hold on, hold on. Which Saints player has The most sacks in franchise history? ho? Yeah, I'm gonna go Ricky Jack. Oh you Were absolutely wrong. You were absolutely wrong. Cameron. Jordan with 117 and a half Sacks. 117 and a half Sacks. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


Okay. Here go your bonus. Here go your bonus. Oh you definitely ain't getting this. Which Saints player has The most pump return TVs and franchise history? You definitely ain't getting this because this throwback. Oh man. What's little Odoo? Oh man, I can see little dude now. I can't man. He's smart. I can't think of dude name. Hey I know What. I, I know ho It is. I can tell you What number he wore though. 4 84 ho Odoo. You know I think his last is his last name. Lewis.


Come on Don. Joe What Is It. Oh you want The answer? Oh, The answer is Reggie Bush Poor Return time down ho many he got. I ain't got The number ho many he got but The answer is Reggie Bush. So you only got two right? What? You What Ojo. You skipped one. I Did. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Hold on, hold on. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Which Saints Player holds a franchise record for most career interceptions. Oh, you definitely ain't getting this. You, you know ho. I know you ain't getting It because I don't even know ho this player is Uhuh.


Huh? Don't, don't look at The chat. Don't look, I see you looking down. You looking down a little too long chat. Y'all don't answer chat. Don't answer Most interceptions it's gotta be way, way back. Oh yeah. Way back. Way back probably. The 18 hundreds too. Man. The Saints became a franchise in like 60 60 something. I on Unc in Darren Sharper Wrong. The answer is Dave Weer ho has 37 career interceptions.


Hell, which is a Saints franchise record. I hell no. I definitely Wanna Yeah. Show What. Alright, you got two right? You got two right? Alright. O Joe. Yeah. It is time for Rough Draft. Oh, you gonna Lose again. Today's prompt is best N FL rookie season. Woo-hoo. I'm up first. Oh, let's Odoo The. Cut. Let's Odoo The let's Odoo The promo. Let's Odoo The graphics. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. I like this one. I like this. Yeah, I got this one. My first one. Oh no, you, you. Oh. Oh. You finna lose. You finna lose. You ain't won in like three weeks.


Why you going first? Because you went first last time. That's why I'm going first this time. Al. Right? Go ahead. Alright, first up for me, I'm taking Eric Dickerson, his rookie season. He rushed for 1,808, 1800 yards was rookie of The year and later we know What. He did he, next season he ran for 2105. Yep. So I got Eric Dickerson up first. Okay. My first one. My first one. A lot of people, especially unless you a defensive person, you might not like this, but if you watched him play during, during The day, back during this day especially was in college. I'm going with Jevon Curtis's rookie year. Okay. For me, I'm taking Randy Moss, if you saw his rookie season.


Yeah. Randy Moss. Was he Hey he was Moss, he Was The. Real deal. He was The. Real deal. Well, you know What, speaking of receiver since I'm, I'm, I'm gonna piggyback off What you just said, and I'm another receiver ho had a hell of a goddamn rookie season and his name is Jamar. Jamar Nathaniel Chase. Alright. You like him? Yeah. You know ho I'm going with, I'm going number three. I'm going CJ S str. You know What, that was historic. That was a historic season. That was The historic season. But It wasn't one. You Want to give up now? Later? No, You finna lose. It. The next. The. Next one. Listen. Arguably maybe one of The greatest run backs of Al time in Barry Sanders. Yeah. That Barry Sanders The one he played in Detroit.


They called It Motown at Ford Field. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That was that was good one. Ocho. Yeah. Hmm. Let me see. Yeah, Come on. That you gonna lose, you gonna lose this. You know ho I'm going with ho that Lawrence Taylor. Lawrence Taylor was defensive player of The year and rookie of The year in his rookie season. It's over Chad, tell him to go home. You hey like listen, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Listen. You think about Lawrence Taylor in his totality, we talking about his rookie year. His rookie year, he only had nine. He only had nine and a half sacks. He only had nine and a half sacks. Ocho you Odoo realize The effect didn't become an official stat until 1982.


He came into The league in 1981. That, that Don't, don't mean that don't mean Nothing. He was defensive player of The year and, and rookie defensive rookie of The year. ho many guys have ever done that. Listen, he only had nine and half sex and sin and, and sin. I'm gonna piggyback off for you. I'm gonna go with It. I'm gonna go to The defensive player too. I'm gonna go to The defensive player. And his rookie year was also phenomenal. He had 36 solo tackles with nine sacks, maybe The greatest demon to tackle of Al time ho just happened to retire. And Aaron, Donald What, you talk about What. Would you talk About, okay, I like that it's over Ocho it's over for you. You know, What, I might give you a chance to come back, but I ain't going to Ho you got, I'm gonna go way, way, way, way back.


You know What Ho far back. I ain't gonna go that far back. I, I'm, I'm let him be my honorable mission. Yeah. You know ho I'm gonna go with, don't you ho that he just had It last year. Pka Nku. Oh, okay. That's a good one. Okay. That, that's a good one. That's a good one. I can't even, I can't even argue. I can't even, I can't even argue that. 'cause he was, he was on fire last year. So this is my honorable mention right now, right? Yep. My Honorable this. No, you got five. This is number five for you. Okay, number five. Lemme think I done win.


I done win defense twice. Matter of fact, you know What, I'm gonna go cam new, I'm gonna go about Cam Newton. Okay. Rookie year 4,000 plus yards two one TD 770 yards on The ground 14. Yeah. Yeah. Going cab new rookie year. That's my Fitch. Okay. Oh Yeah, you definitely, you definitely lost this rupture at this time. Oh no. It ain't even close. Oh Trust me. The The chat. The chat. Listen, The chat is one thing about th they don't lie and they will tell you you lost this Bad look here.


Where Odoo I want to go, you know ho. I like ho The unbelievable. Rookie season. Ocho. Yeah Odoo. I want to go quarterback Odoo. I wanna go running back. You can go Dak Dak had a crazy or had crazy rookie season. Well you should have put, you should have picked him. No, I'm just saying you, you stuck. I'm just giving you an option. Nah, hey I might, you know What, I might even put my rookie season on Mitchell.


Okay. I got Eric Dixon ball CJ on lt. That's a nice little lineup. It ain't better. Ah yeah, hold on. Ain't ain't better than mine though. Oh. It's way better Yours. Don't your, your, your your, I ain't saying yours a some stir fry but I'm just saying It ain't good. Nah, Hold on. Oh I gotta take my, Hey ho rest his soul Reggie White ho. That's a good one. If y'all didn't Get an opportunity to see this man play and see him up close and personal. 'cause I saw him in his prime. I'm talking about at his absolute apex.


Yeah, I saw him with The Eagles in 92. I saw him in 93. I saw him in 96 and I saw him in The Super Bowl. So I'm talking about at absolute apex. I'm take It Reggie. Okay. I like that. That's It. Listen, can't argue, can't even argue that. Go ahead. Damn, that was a good one boy that hey that that Reggie one that that Reggie one kind of knocked It out The box boy. But I pro I I I had to, I had to show hey Ana you way before I got to Reagan. Right, Right.


Oh shoot, I did Cam Aaron Donald, I got Barry Jevon curse. You don't want Justin Jefferson, you don't want Dak Sequan Barkley Odell. Nah, Hold on, hold on. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. I'm, I'm looking for, you know, somebody some, I'm looking for another iconic figure to, to kind of, I'll give you one, I'll let you take Gale sayers, You know What The, Kansas comic. I, I, you know What, I got one of 'em from LSU I'm gonna go with Justin Jefferson as my honorable mentioned It.


Okay. I told you that. And you know ho I'm gonna go with my last Honorable me pick Kurt Warner Is rookie here. Yep. When he came from The, C. FL Yep. He was Al right? He was Al. Right. He was Al. Right. He was Al. Right. He was Al. Right. I I, I listen, I won, I won that list too. Hey man, you look at my stuff man. Look at It man. Look at this Ed Rush for 1800 yards of The. Rookie ocho.


Yeah. As a matter of fact, that was like The fourth, like The fourth or fifth most yards ever. I don't think we are ever gonna see a rookie rush For more than that, don't you? Because they don't run The ball. Like nah, They don't, they don't run It enough. They don't run The ball because you know ho many carry first of Al, even if you Get six yards of carry, you gonna have to carry The ball at least 300 times. Yeah. If you average four, if you average five yards of carry, now you gonna be looking at 350 carries Right Now you starting to Get to that point of no return. Right. Because you start getting to that 3 70, 3 83 9400.


That's The point of no return. Only Eric Dickerson had been able to go to that number. Right. And return safely. Right. You go back and look at The guys that got three 90. Look at The, James Wilder, look at Terrell Davis, look at The Dirt, Mr. Jamal Anderson. Look at Eddie George. Right? Look at The guys that Get those go back and study those once they hit that number and see What, their career happen after that. So that's why I don't think we're gonna see It again. And Ed did It, he did It in and, and and, and and, and in in 83. Right. Which was his rookie year because he came in that great draft class with Marino and Elway and Kelly. Right.


Richard Dent was in that. Bruce Matthews was in that draft class. Darryl Green was in that draft class. They had like seven Hall of Famers. And back then, I don't think there were only 28 teams. So a court damn near, you know, was a, was crazy, but so ho your hall of Fame ho your hall of Fame number two. My hall of and number two. I mean The Hall of Fame. I mean, your Honor mention You want another one? Yeah. Rookie year. Ooh, let's go, let's go Mike.


Mike, I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go. And you know, even though, even though they, they getting on my boy for doing too much talking. I'm gonna go Michael Parsons. Michael Parsons, rookie. A 13 sacks 84 tackles 64 solo tackles, 20 tackles for loss. Yeah. You know, What, can I take Kurt one off? Nah, nah, nah, nah. No. You, you got Kurt one of there. So I'm, I'm that's ho I know I'm gonna win this. No, you It is old for you. I mean, It ain't even close. Shit if I don't, if I don't win this 90 to 10, I don't know what's going on. Trust me, you're not 66 to 34 Ocho Ho win It Me It was about time.


You done lost The last five rough drafts. We done played. I mean think about It. I've got, ed was rookie of The year. Randy was rookie of The year. CJ was rookie of The year. LT was rookie of The year. Reggie White was rookie of The year. I got, I let you have this one. I got defensive player of The year. Man. I got like, LT was a rookie of The year, right. I got 1, 2, 3, 4, I got five Rookie of The year. Right. I mean, listen, I I I let you have this one. I I I felt bad for you Al this time I've won The past 1, 2, 3, The past four rough drafts. So I mean It is about time.


You got your one Al, right? Chat Dunk On Unc. Yeah. You yeah. Yeah. Make sure. Okay. Yeah, yeah. You hey, hey. Chat. He can't cheat now 'cause I'm here. I can see ass can't cheat. Ain't nobody helping that. Question number one, The N FL was founded on August 20th of What year. The N FL was founded on August 20th of What year 1920.


You Got a earpiece in there. You go with that Bullshit. Hey, excuse me sir, can you, can you, he micd up. Can you communicate he got a little earpiece in. No, he got a Earpiece in. Okay. I Get The Same thing you got in Make a show. He said he got together, we Bose got microphone. I said I'm trying to figure out ho you, because you weren't even here in 1920. So ho Odoo, you know Ho old The League Odoo? You remember when they had The Ann The hundredth anniversary? Yeah. Okay, okay. Okay. Question number two. Yeah, there were 18 quarterbacks ho have won The N F-L-M-V-P award What year did a non offensive or defensive player win.


The N F-L-M-V-P What year. There are 19 N F not there are, there are 18 non, non, non quarterbacks. Okay ho have won N F-L-M-V-P award. Okay What year did a non offensive or defensive player win N F-L-M-V-P. Oh my God. I know ho It is but damn I'm was It 1982, mark Moseley. Oh had somebody, I swear to god somebody had The brief on this shit.


Hell no. Hey I Www shannon Odoo com Long gone. Yeah. This ain't no dial up here. Nah, see that. Think this ain't no dial up. This that CG that Japan got is thousand times faster than 5G. Somebody briefed you on these questions. Somebody brief. Nah fuck have room. Nah, Odoo busted in like he housekeeping. Hey, he opened The door talking about housekeeping. I said you supposed to add Ring The doorbell first. Hey, somebody in this room is cheating.


I don't know ho It is What but The fact that you, there's certain questions on here that you should not know. I don't care ho much The reason why I know that because It was a strike shortened season in 1982. Strike happened in seven in 82, 87 and then again in 2011. So those strike years, three years The NFLs had strikes. What does that have to Odoo with knowing ho won The kicker that wasn't up or officer or defensive player because I ocho I'm telling you I used to spend Al my time. Nah, I spent Al my time doing The. Same thing. Nah, nah, Nah. Alright. Question number three, Chad e cheating. I'm telling you man, y'all can see It on your end. I know I don't, Don't act like We're Al now. Hey I see here's The thing. I'm glad we out here and we ain't got no monitors because The Chad thought I was cheating because I was getting The answers.


No, But see someone briefed you ahead of time telling you What What The question would Be I been down here with you. Nah, I went, I was downstairs smoking S been in here. Ask left my room as soon as we got back to The room. Nah man. As a matter of fact, I supposed to have some food. I don't know where It is. Oh, Al, right. Here we go. Jack, back to The. Regularly scheduled program in which I still feel a little funny 'cause The fact that he knows these goddamn answers to these questions. Some ain't right. What, N FL franchise is owned by The community rather than a traditional owner or ownership group. The Green Bay Packer. Okay. You know What Al, right? That don't count that one.


Don't count that. That don't That key. I'm just saying that that don't count. 'cause my daughter, she don't even know about football. She only two and she knew that answer. Okay. Okay. Okay, here we go. What year did The N B a prohibit The drafting of high school players. Oh my God. So LeBron was oh three. Dwight ho was oh four. So It had to be, We got him Chad, Kevin Durant was The year.


We got 'em. Kevin Odoo, I'm Gonna say, oh, I'm gonna say oh seven. It was like oh 5, 0 6, 0 7. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. You can't be trying to give No I'm saying oh seven. I'm oh seven. Oh seven. Yeah. Oh seven is absolutely fucking wrong. Yeah, that's What. I'm talking about Jack. See What, I tell you What I told you. See What, I told, I told you. Let's go What. Wait. It. Oh, 2005. Yeah. Odoo 2005. When was basketball first introduced into Olympics What year? Oh My gosh. You see? Okay, we got him again.


Let's go. 60, 19 52. 1952. My database is saying The answer for The question or The answer that you were looking for is 1936. You are wrong again in Berlin.


Huh? You're wrong. I, you know, What. I don't know where It was. It was in Berlin. I don't know ho Odoo, you know He was in Berlin. Okay. That's The German. That's The. Jesse Owens Olympics. Okay, I got a bonus question for you. Okay. So I can feel better about myself against, you Already got three, right? So I'm good. You got two, right? I got three. You got two, Right? I got three. I Fitch to Get It. One, two make It, four for five, four for six. Bonus Question. What is The shape. Chad, I know y'all don't know this. What is The shape of The American football. What is The shape. Oblong Ho. What. Odoo you mean The shape? The shape. What is The shape called The shape of The American football.


What is It called. What is The. Scientific terminology in The name of The, shape of The. American football called The Dupe. You don't know. No, I don't. But I Odoo The name of The shape of The football. The Dupe is called The. Prolate. Oid. Ah, The The ate fear. I'm serious. You didn't know that? No, I didn't know that. Oh, I I knew that. Huh? That's my memory bank. Yeah. You, You tell you looking at half again. I win.


Well, ho Didd you win. You got, you got two right? I got two, I got two. I got three. I got The first three Ho many words did I Get right? Two, I got three. And, and and I should have got, man. I knew. I knew. I knew, I knew. You said 2007. No, you Didn't know. I knew, I knew, but I knew It was right after. But I didn't know It was immediately after. But that's okay. I feel good. I want Odoo. I want again. I won again. How'd you win It? We got The. Same amount. No, I got three. I got three. Alright, Ocho, now it's s time for your revenge. Dunk. On. Unc. Yeah. Here we back. We got Dunk, On, Unc. Oh, Oh, this gonna be Olympic.


Is this Olympic edition? Oh yeah. So Olympic condition. Oh man. Yeah, yeah. You better, you better know your stuff and keep your eyes forward in chat. Odoo not chat, I repeat. Please. Odoo me a favor. Odoo not help him out with The answers in The chat because he going, he gonna look, he gonna pretend like he not looking. He gonna look at The chat and see What answers that are repetitive that are being written and they gonna use It. Stay with me now. Okay. Oh, here we go. Dunk, On Unc Olympic edition. Question number one. Where was The first Olympic Games hosted back in 70 76 bc. Now I was there What, I'm gonna have To 70, 77, 6 bc Where were The first Olympic games hosted?


Rome, What, What Odoo. You mean like Rome? You mean like The song? I belong to you? Yeah. It. It could be two places. It gonna be Athens. Athens or Rome. No, you said wrong. So that, that's wrong. That's wrong. It's in Athens. Huh? It Was in Greece. It was in Athens. Greece. Athens. Yeah. Me and Caesar. We was there. Here we go. Question number two with 28 medals. ho was The most decorated Olympian of Al time. Michael Phelps. See, I I, I gave you that one because I knew you was gonna Get The first one wrong. So I gave you that one just to give you a little, Okay, here we go.


I'm Warmed now I'm warmed. Ocho Warm. See, lemme bring you, lemme bring you back down to reality. ho many gold medals has team USA won and basketball, men's and women's There. Come on Ocho Answer The question. Men and women, ho many had The men won and ho many had The women won. Oh Lord have mercy. So The women won. They won The Last seven The. Last time The women lost, if I'm not mistaken, was 92 7 The men won from 36 to 72 minus The break for The war.


They won 76. We boycotted 80, we won 84, we lost 88. We won 92, 96, 2000. We lost oh four. So 36, 44, 52, 56, 60, 64, 68, 26, 84, 0, 88.


Chad, should we have a time limit or Nah, Bro, think about What. You ask me. Listen, Listen, listen. I'm, I'm just, I'm, I'm just, I'm asking to chat. Odoo you think there should be a time? Yeah. Oh, we, we just, Man, wow. Let's, with women S 10 or 17, That's seven women. 24. That's The answer. That's The totality of men and women, right? Yeah. Yeah. It's 20, 24. 20 What, 23 people. Oh No, you said 24. You gotta make your mind. Oh, 20. Yeah, yeah.


24 The. Correct Answer is 25 The men have won 16 and The women have won nine. Think about It. Think about What. You had Now look at, look Chad, think about that. Now I gotta go back from 1936. Then I gotta pick up where The women, bro, come on now. I was just like, well ho won The gold medal in this event in this year. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa. You told me to spell TaeKwonDo. I spelled It. Right, but you counted It wrong because It spelled It wrong. You The E was silent. It is TAE. Yeah, but it's silent. So What The, point of me spelling It if it's Silent, because you got, you don't have to say It, but you gotta spell It. No, they, they, they ruined The. They, they ruined The English language. It don't make no sense to put The E in there.


If It ain't, if It ain't, if It ain't sound It out. Next question. The Olympics are going back to Los Angeles in 2028. Yes. Name The. Last two years, The Olympics were held in The, city of Angels. 1984. Okay. And 16. Damn. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know. ho you feel same way I felt about TaeKwonDo.


I'm gonna say 28. Ah, okay. The correct answer is 1932. The. Correct answer is 1932. Here we go. You gotten one right so far? Question number five. ho many gold medals has 10 shit? Excuse me, ho many gold medals has tennis player Serena Williams, The Gold won Ho many gold medals Ho many gold medals Has she won?


Ooh, ah, Odoo. Are we counting doubles or are we counting with with Venus? Unc. Unc The question was ho many gold medals has she won? That's It. She's Won four or five. I know she's won two individuals. I just, I just, just, we just me in The chat.


We just need an answer. A solid answer. I on Unc in, I'm gonna go four. That is correct. You got that one right? That's What. I'm talking about Tro can't fool with me. He gotta go back to 7 76. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. We got The. Same. Think about What. You Did. We we got The. Same amount, right? Chat. Think about What. He did. We think About What. He did, right? He, no, we you got two. You got one, right? I got Two, Right? You went Al The way back to 7 76. You went back to 76 bc Nigga that, that's What. My homeboy was back there. I know Al. th boys from back there in Greece. Shannon Ho. Many gold medals did The men's and women's basketball teams win together.


Really? Ocho. Yeah. That's It Shouldn't be hard. You should know. It should be hard. I had to plug that computer in with that. With Ocho. Yeah. No, you know you guessed that that wasn't no computer, you just threw that out. Nah, with a computer. Ocho. See, but see you tried to throw by like Ocho Are we counting doubles with her sister The chat? Wanna know? Al? You had to Odoo is say yes. Listen, you got two right? I got two, right? No Odoo, you ain't Get no two, right? Listen, lacrosse, The O was silent and The E was silent in TaeKwonDo. You Got It wrong. You oh, The. Only one you got right was rhythmic gymnastics. That was a difficult one too.


The. Volume.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball The Blindside and Liars Poker on The latest season of my podcast against The Rules. I'm exploring What. It means to be a sports fan in America. And What The Rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against The Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against The rules. Listen to Against The Rules on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974, George Foreman was champion of The world. Ali was smart and He was handsome. Story behind The Rumble. In The Jungle is like a Hollywood movie, But that is only half The story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam Maba, Al The Biggest Slack artists that on The Planet together in Africa. It was a big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and The Soul of 74 on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts, or wherever you Get your podcast.


What's up y'all? It's Cam Jordan from The, new Orleans Saints Here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast Off The Edge with me, cam Jordan catch new episodes every Wednesday and I'll have The, biggest N FL Stars. Join me to give a player's perspective of The biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moment from around The League. So tap into off The edge with Cam Jordan podcast, your ultimate playbook for Al things, football and not football. Listen on The, iHeart radio app, Apple podcast, or wherever you Get your podcast.


Hey everyone, it's Katie Keurig. Well, The election is in The home stretch right in time for a new season of my podcast. Next question. I'm bringing in some Foks friends of Katie's to help me out like Ezra Klein, Jen Psaki, Ted Herndon. But we're also gonna have some fun thanks to some of my friends like Samantha B and Charlemagne The. God, we're gonna take some viewer questions as well. I mean, isn't that What? Democracy is Al about. Check out our new season of next question with me, Katie Couric on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts, or wherever you Get your podcasts.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore The making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed The way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season we'll cover Al things, sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on The Black Effect podcast Network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you Get your podcast. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.