
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on prom Video breaking the tackle touchdown tonight. Keep the holiday celebration going as the Seattle Seahawks take on the Chicago Bears. You're gonna love this Coverage begins with TNF Tonight, not a Prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Seahawks and Bears tonight owned on prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Pros, trust the Home Depot for heavy duty storage solutions for any job site or garage. Right now, get up to 25% off select online storage and organization impact and water resistant totes and shelving built to hold up to 2,500 pounds. Storage systems have space for all your tools and protect them in the garage, on the job site, and everywhere in between. Save time and maximize efficiency. With adjustable shelving customized to your business needs, shop and save on pro grade storage at the Home Depot. How pros Get more done, The Volume.


The Emirates NBA cup is here you can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports Book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's called money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. As you watch the Baltimore Ravens totally dominate the Houston Texans by the score of 31 to two. Lamar Jackson and Derrick Henry, were were sensational. Again, thank you for joining us on Christmas Day and no matter what you celebrate, be it Christmas, be it Hanukkah, be it Kwanza, or just a holiday. Happy holidays. Hopefully it was safe, it was joyous and you got an opportunity to spend it with family, friends and loved ones. Again, y'all know me, I'm your favorite. A Shannon Sharp, that guy is Liberty City's own Bengals Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowler, the All pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


And because it's Christmas and you here with us, thank you for your support. Thank you for your continued support in 25 and beyond. Yeah, make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We have it in stock. The holidays is here. What better way to celebrate the holidays than with the bottle of Shea by La Porter. If you currently live in a city or a state that doesn't carry it or you're not even close to one of those states, order it and we'll ship it right to your door. And one more thing, please drink responsibly. Please go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's she Shea Media and the clothing company 84 with 84 being with being spelled out. Our newest release just dropped last month.


Month. We have t-shirt sweats as well as stocking stuffers such as beanies, coozies, the beanies, which I'm wearing, and mugs quantities are limited. So please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Hopefully the orders, everyone is started receiving their orders. You should have them by Thursday and Friday. So everybody orders should be fulfilled by the end of this week. And again, thank you for your continued support. Let us know what you think. Tickets Orleans, our first spring tour stop are on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. February 6th in New Orleans. Great guests on the on schedule be there. You don't wanna miss this. We've been nominated for two Sports Podcast award, best Sports American Football Podcast and best Sports Comedy podcast.


Again, best American Football Podcast and best Sports Comedy podcast. Please go vote for us. The link is at the chat and it's also pinned on our social pages as well as our social bios ocho. Yeah, As I mentioned at the top behind the dominant run game, Lamar Jackson, hey and Derrick Henry throttle, the Houston, Texas, by a score of 31 to two, they took over first place because the, the Steelers lost earlier today. They lost right? They took over the first place in the A FC North Lamar Jackson only had to throw the ball 10 times. He completed 10 of those for 168 yards, two touchdowns while rushing for 87 yards on full carries, including a 48 yard touchdown run.


Derrick Henry 148 Rush yards, 27 carries and a touchdown. He had 86 yards in the first carry. And so he also set a single season total touchdown record as far as running backs and receivers. Everybody, he had 16 total touchdowns and he broke the record that he shared with Ray Wright. But the Ravens look really, really good today. They look dominant on both sides of the football. And that's what you want to see heading into the playoffs. As the season winds down, you want to start playing some of your best football and the Baltimore Ravens are doing that. Well, this is, this is what I have a question for you now. Now, based on what we saw from Lamar Jackson today, Derrick Henry showed it the load. Derrick Henry showed it the whole package based on why they won the game.


So as far as the MVP race is concerned, when we talked, when we talked last, last time, you said to you Lamar Jackson, is the MVP somewhat running away with it, especially after today's win. Is your thoughts, are your thoughts on your MVP going to change once we see the bill Josh Allen play tomorrow and he puts up another unbelievable Superman performance? Or are we sticking with Lamar the rest, the, the next two games? I I think it's close Ocho and the thing is, is that the question is if they win tomorrow, they ccle they clinched the second seed. Yes, sir. So does Josh Allen play the final game of the season? Lamar's gonna play because right now they're, they're, they're, they're, and number one, they're in first place in the a FC North right now, if Pittsburgh wins next week and Baltimore loses Pittsburgh, reju them, and so now they're on the road for the first game instead of being at home.


Okay, let, let me, let me give you a small tidbit real quick. So this weekend, matter of fact, Saturday the Bengals play the play the Broncos, right? Correct. Yes. Okay, so after the Bengals beat the Broncos the following week, the Bengals are playing the Steelers. Yes. And, and the Bengals have to win the next two games in order to get out of the hunt and be in the playoffs and have somewhat of a wild card. Correct? Basically, but they also gotta hope the Broncos lose against Kansas City in which Patrick Mahomes, Travis Kel and a lot of their starters aren't gonna play because they sold up the number one seed. You're not gonna risk it. So now you got Kansas City that's not gonna play any of their starters. Next week Chris Jones is out, he missed date.


So now you're looking at Kansas City, Mahomes is not playing. He's gonna be in street clothes. Travis Kelsey will be in street clothes. A lot of their starters will be in street clothes. Now you gotta place, you only got like eight offensive linemen. A lot of y offensive linemen gotta play Ocho. You know, they, They don't have no choice. They got no choice. But some of your skill position, you might call up some of your practice squad guys, give them an opportunity to get a full, a real game check in a situation like that. But you're absolutely right, Bengals have to win their last two Hope the Broncos lose their lose their last two. But they also gotta hope Indy and Miami lose one. But if, if India and Miami or went out, it doesn't matter what the Bengals do, it doesn't even matter what the Broncos do.


So they're behind the Bengal, they're behind the Dolphins, they're behind the Colts, and they're behind the Broncos. So they need the Broncos to lose their last two and they lose, need Indie and Miami to lose at least one while they went out. Hey, is is, can Ash hear me? Yes. Can Ash hear me? Ash, Ash? Well who does Indy? Indy Indy last two games. And who are the Dolphins last two games? Please tell me it's somebody that's difficult or, or teams that are that, that have winning records. I I think they got Buffalo. I know probably the la they got No. Oh, we we good? No, no, no. Oh, we good. Miami got No, but see, here's the thing. Remember as a matter of fact, they got the, they got the Jets tomorrow, the Buffalo got the jet, the Jets and the Patriots.


Miami has the Browns and the Jets. Oh, that's not fair. Hell nah man. And Indy, Indy got Tennessee Giants. Indy has the Giants and the Jags where they play, They at the Giants home versus the Jags. So you need a lot of things to to to really, really go right for you guys in order to, to really make the playoffs. And that's, and Ocho, this is what we always say. I, I hated that 'cause I've been in that situation with the Bingos are in because we didn't take care of our business early in the season. Now I gotta hope and pray, man, I'm praying somebody else lose.


I'm praying this happened. No, all you had to do was take care of what you're supposed to and then you get to sit back and hope somebody else has to do do that dirty work. Right? I don't have to worry about that. But I think Kansas City likes where they are. They're like, look, we did what we needed to do. We went on the road and they dominated the Steelers on both sides of the football. We're good. We gotta buy nothing nobody else do. Now we get an opportunity to rest up. And if you look at old show, the last couple of games, they look really good. Patrick, this was Patrick Mahomes best game three clean game Easily. He threw the ball really well. They did a great job of throwing the football because look against the Steelers. Steelers is like, you gotta be, you gotta be convicted to run the football.


You don't run the football on the Steelers a on accident. You have to be committed. The word I wanna be committed. You got to be committed no matter who you're, if you wanna run the football Ocho, it's a commitment. You look at the Ravens, that's why the Ravens, for the most part, they want or two in the league in rushing. Why? Right? 'cause they'd make a commitment to run the football matter. When you play the Steelers, you got the double that you have to make a double commitment. Look guys, we know some of these plays are gonna be negative. We know some of these plays are gonna go for no yardage, but we gotta stick with it. And that's what the Ravens do for the most part. But if you look at when they, when they struggle, they get away from the run game. Lamar Jackson threw the ball 15 times tonight, he completed 10, they ran the ball.


Almost triple that. Right? 43 rush attempts you saw. Now Derrick Henry, he loves running the football against the Houston, Texas. Yeah, he loves it. He's had in the, in one season he had a game where he rushed for two 11 and then followed it up on the road with a two 50. Yeah, I think he has seven ga I think he has like what, like seven games where he's at over 1500 yards rushing against the Houston, Texas. So yeah, no, I don't think we should be surprised that he had the type of game against the Houston, Texas. But when the Baltimore Ravens show a commitment to run the football, football, yeah. They're very difficult to be. And we see how dynamic they is and see what happened was they, they got off to this great running start and you saw what the Texans tried to do.


They started pinching, they started knifing and Todd m said, okay, will Anderson, you, you want a knife? Hey right, we gonna fake it Lamar you keep it and we gonna pull around, get on. And now his head on the goal pulls from 48 yards away. Yep. I'm gonna make you play us honest. Now. Now if you wanna do, you wanna go against what you're supposed to do and knife down in there to trap Derrick Henry in the backfield. Okay. Hey Lamar. Yeah. We gonna run the same formation. We gonna give him the same as I, because the last time they brought Zay flowers, he disregarded Zay. Oh, I ain't worried about you Zay. You ain't gonna do nothing. Right. So this time they brought a tight end, he disregarded him. Now you got an extra blocker up on somebody, you get a kick out, you get a pin down and now it's your safety.


Tackle him if you can. Yeah. At that point I, it's all about numbers game. It's it's a number game at that point. Yeah. Listen, with with with, with the Ravens playing the way they're playing with us, common sense that you've been preaching to all season long. Anytime they run the ball a certain number of times using Derrick Henry and not allowing Lamar Jackson to be back there and be past happy and allowing the past players to actually come to them and not forcing the issue. Let Derrick Henry take care of everything. Obviously the way they play the game is the old school style. It's the old school style and the fact that it works in today's era of a pass happy league where everybody throws the ball a hundred times a game. Yeah. But what works for the Ravens and why they win games is doing what you've always said, what you've always said week in and week out.


I think, listen, I'm, I, listen, I'm a bango at heart. I think they have a very good chance and this being the year that Lamar Jackson wins the Super Bowl, and it would have to come on the onus and the shoulders of Derrick Henry and them sticking, like you said, and committing to running the ball no matter who they playing against. And that's what you have to do. Ocho I think the thing is, is that, and people are like, well what do you mean by napping? It is when they take the defensive end and they try to cross the guy's face because you see face the two negative runs he had what happened? The guy knife and they made him bounce it. So that's what I want him to do. I don't want his shoulder pass square to the line of scrimmage. Yeah. I want him going parallel to the line of scrimmage because now he can't get a head of steam and he can't hurt me. If you look at when he got his yardage, he's going downhill, downhill.


I don't want him going downhill. I want him going laterally. That way I can push him to the boundary. If I let him get downhill, hell he gonna fall. He gonna fall for two yards. Now you let him get, now you let him get, get a couple of steps. Now he's gonna get four, he's gonna get six yards. But Todd mucking did a, a great thing to counter that he saw what they started to do to try to force the bounce. He said, you know what we're gonna do, we're gonna read the same thing, but what we're gonna do is that we're gonna bring a tight end. And so now we get a kick out, we get a pin down. Now safety and the safety is coming from depth. So he really doesn't know what to do. And before he knew it, Lamar was up on him and he took a horrible angle. So now Lamar is looking at it like, bro, what you run still running for? Yeah.


You might as well go ahead and turn around. Yeah. The fun, the fun, the funny thing about it is we already know Lamar Jackson is fast, but you never understand it as a defender until you sit there and you take a bad angle and you try to tackle him. It's over and Yeah. And you fucking whiff. Yes. And you whiff and before you know it, he 30, 40 some yards down the goddamn field. And the thing is ocho and when you don't make him check his feet, when you just let him get ahead of steam and he gets to go downhill because he's, by the time he breaks the line of scrimmage, he's like three or four yards. He full speed, he pulls feet in three or four steps. Lamar Jackson is full speed because you haven't made him check his feet. Right. You got to, if you can't make him come to balance, and if you, you can't make him, it's over.


Make some type of move to make you miss. Well, yeah, it's in trouble. Hell, if you can't make Derrick Henry shuffle his feet, You can't make him check his feet, Man. Sh who wanna make, who wanna make that tackle? Ooh, you talking about making a business decision. I'm diving straight at his pinky toe. Yeah, exactly. Straight at his pinky toe. Hit who? Yeah. Oh. So we went and looked it up. Andrew James had the most rushing yards for a quarterback in his MVP season. He had 1,548 yards. Peyton Manning was the MVP in 2000 and 2004. Right. Peyton, that was the year that Peyton broke Dan Marino's record of 40. He threw 49 Marino had the record of 48 touchdowns in the season manning through 49 that season.


That's also the season. He had three receivers catch 4,000 yards. He had Marvin Harrison go over a thousand. He had Reggie Wayne go over a thou thousand and he had Brandon St. Stokely go over a thousand. Derek Henry almost at 1800. And so look for me, I still think Lamar for me, Lamar and I, I get what I get, what the voters are gonna say. The voters gonna say, well Shannon, bro, he got a 19, 18, 1900 yard rusher in his backfield, But he didn't have Wayne last time. I like, He didn't have a, he didn't have a 1900 yard rush when he won MVP last time. So they can't use that excuse. Don't move the Goalpost. But I'm saying they, but see, last time Ocho, he threw 25 touchdowns, right?


He's at 39. Ugh. With another game to play. So there's a great chance Lamar Jackson is gonna have 40, 41, maybe even 42 touchdowns with less than five interceptions. Remember he threw five interceptions, he was 25 and five. Now he's like, he's got 43 touchdowns with, with, with four interceptions. And maybe, I think he got two or three fers. So let's just say he's 43 total touchdowns with seven seven or fewer turnovers. Go ahead. Matter of fact, I'm glad you just said that about the turnover ratio. I know, and we talk about Aaron Rogers a lot, right? Yes. We talk about Aaron Rogers and you wonder why he gets the opportunities he gets, why he's has the, the arrogance or the way he carries himself on, they put up a graphic, I saw it on Twitter on his numbers and his run when he was in Green Bay.


Oh yeah. You see the, Oh my God, UNC I ain't know, I ain't know he was like that. Yes. I ain't know He was like that. 25 and 3 36 and 36 and five. Yeah. 45 45 6 What, What touchdown Inter touchdown interception ratio. Yes. What stupid. Yes, it looked like some video, some video game shit. So it gave me a better understanding. It gave me a better context on why he is the way he is. But you're just not that same player. He's not that Not same, he not that no more. No, but God, I, listen, I knew he was good. I understood his resume. I didn't understand it until I seen him goddamn numbers up there on goddamn Twitter.


So, so now, today after today's game, Derrick Henry has 1,738 rush yards. Lamar Jackson is a tick below 4,000. I think he has like 39, 55, 39 65, something like that, passing yards. But he has 39 passing touchdowns with four interceptions and he has 850 something yards rushing with another four touchdowns. So you can't argue It's hard. It's, it's really, really hard. I think this year Ocho had, Mahomes had better numbers. It wouldn't even be a debate because 15 to one, if Lamar Jackson had like 30 touchdowns with say like eight interceptions, Lamar Jackson, I mean, excuse me, Mahomes would be the MVP.


Right? Because think about it, they're the only team other than the Giants. They're like three, four teams that haven't scored at least 30 points in one game. The best of the other teams, they won three games. Yeah. The, the Chiefs have yet to score 30 in the game. They're 15 in one. And it's all because now those other, the Raiders is one, they're looking for a quarterback. The Patriots is one. They got a rookie quarterback. Yeah. And I forget who the other team is. So that just goes to show you just how special you got to be. Nobody else. And that offense on that team, no other quarterback in the league.


Not Josh Allen, not Lamar Jackson. And, and that's, and no, not Joe Burrow would be 15 and one with that offensive line like that. Right? Yeah. And, and oh, it was bad. And it just, and today he put on the exhibition, he lets you know, he like, guys, y'all really know I'm still him. Yeah. I might not be having the best season, but don't y'all forget who I am. Yeah. Listen, it all comes down to his decision making. Unc Yes. Even when, even, even when, when most quarterbacks would be in the situations he, he's had with the officer line, the inconsistency of the officer line, him getting battered, getting hit, you know, at, at some point you get happy feet, you, you start doing things with the ball, your decision making, it becomes errant Yes.


Because of the hit you continue to take. But he, they, they, they've, they've always stuck the course and then the creativity and the combination of having the quarterback like Patrick Mahomes and the creativity of, of Andy Reed as well. Yes. I think the combination works so well together similar to that Brady, Brady and goddamn Belichick. Yeah. You know, in a different sense though, right. In a different sense because Belichick was a, was a defensive mind. Right. But just having Mahomes and Andy Reed together is almost unfair to have all the different roles and the injuries that they, that they've sustained and still be 15 and one. Yeah. The, the thing is about an Andy for the most, for Mahome, the most part, he's only had Andy in his ear. Now there have been times that he allowed somebody else to call maybe EB to call plays or maybe Nty call plays.


But Brady had Charlie Weiss in his ear. He had, he had Bill O'Brien in his ear. He had Josh McDaniel in his ear. I was there, I was there with Bill. Yeah. And so he's had three guys in his ear. Now the only thing that's remained the same was the head coach and the quarterback. Right. We've had different coordinators, but, and the coordinators called plays. I think for the most part, what people got upset about is that they used not calling plays against eb, but it didn't hold that against nagging. Now nagging did get a team did get the Bears to the playoffs and we've seen EB go somewhere where he called the plays kind of fell on hard times and everybody was like, see, I told you see? And I said it at the time, I said, EB, stay right there.


Yeah, Stay right where you are. But you know, you, you know why he didn't now because you know, for us, you know, it, it is hard for us to climb that ladder. So when those opportunities present itself, sometimes you gotta walk out that door. What you think the likelihood now of Eric B Enemy ever getting a head coaching job in the NFL? And, and you know what, and that's the problem. That, that, that's the problem. Listen, I'm, I'm not going to go there. You know where I wanna go, but I'm not going, I'm not going to there because sometimes you could, you could step off the front porch, you know, and you can, you could be abysmal, but that circle that circle of coaches, you will get another opportunity again Because they looking at it, they like, Bro, not, I'm not talking about him. Oh, Okay, okay. I see what you're saying. Yeah. Oh yeah. See, stay, stay with me now.


I I'm, I'm trying not to go there, but you, you know what I'm trying to say, but I'm not finna say it.


Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. You can apply on your iPhone in minutes and start using it right away. You'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Start holiday shopping for your friends and family today with Apple card subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism in addressing transportation barriers. These tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile congratulates Easterseals, Southern California for their unconventional thinking,


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers. Working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey guys, it's Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball, we do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about Faye this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. All you out there that are, spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games, they've come in and haven't scored 20 points. And you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this. We'll, we'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video. Breaking the tackle touchdown tonight. Keep the holiday celebration going as the Seattle Seahawks take on the Chicago Bears. You're gonna love This. Coverage begins with TNF tonight. Not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Seahawks and Bears tonight owned on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


My thing is ocho, I would've stayed right there and hell, maybe somebody gave me a head coaching job outta sympathy. I ain't lied. Ocho, maybe somebody gave a head coaching job outta sympathy because ocho, when you go at the commanders and they get the number two pick in the draft because their offense is so atrocious and you go to UCLA with a brother coach, head coach and you get fired after one year because you lasted ocho, that's not a good sign. Yeah, it it really, it really isn't. And so sometimes, Hey, I just weighed him out. Just weigh him out.


Right. Look, I just look for me, Lamar is the MVP. I mean I just can't, I just can't overlook his numbers. I just can't OCHO and I know some people like what, it'd be interesting to see what's the most losses for an MVP. That and, and I get it, OCHO five losses and Alan has what, three losses. Mahome Mahomes doesn't have the stats to back up. He's 15 and one. Right. Jerry Goff has good numbers. He doesn't have great numbers, but they've only lost two games. Sequan is playing really well. But unless he had 2000 yards right now. Right? He's not, He not, I mean running, Running back, not getting that. Oh lord, that was in 2 97.


God. But he was his Who that, who that who That. Barry. Barry in 97, they were nine seven but that was the year he had 2053. And then Adrian Peterson, the year he broke the record of he was five yards short of the 6, 7 8 yards. Short of the record, nine yards short. 'cause he had 19 90 19 he had 2097 so he needed nine yards to get 2106. But he won the MVP. But they now in that situation, it's different. Ocho lemme tell you why. You look at the quarterbacks that Barry had, and you look at the quarterback AP had, they're like, it should have been unanimous.


Oh yeah. He had Christian Ponder as his quarterback. I don't know if y'all know, remember Christian Ponder, but he was real good and terrible and Barry quarterback what? Much better. Right? Wait, who was Barry quarterback? Scott Mitchell. Was it Scott Mitchell? Okay. Oh, but so there is history here. The most lawsuits for a quarterback winning MVP Brad Farber won the MVP with five losses. Matt Ryan won the MVP with five losses. Rich Gannon won the MVP with five losses. So if Lamar Jackson wins the MVP, it's not like, oh he got five losses. No, we've seen three other guys at the quarterback position win MVP with five losses.


So I, what I'm trying to do Ocho I'm trying to cover all the bases because you know is gonna come up. If he doesn't get it, they're gonna give you a reason why. So I'm just trying to prepare the people. If he doesn't get the MVP, I'm telling you, you why some of the reasons gonna start to come out, but your refute is, but they've given the MVP to other quarterbacks that didn't have this type of season, the mvp Right. With five losses. Right. Running backs are different because look, like I said Adrian Peterson, how he got that team in the playoffs with that quarterback, how Barry did with it. But Barry was a co MVP with Brett. Right. Because Brett won three consecutive 9 5 9 6 9 7. There was a co MVP between Brett and Barry.


But yeah, I I, I, like I said, for me, if I had a vote, I definitely would vote for Lamar Jackson. I just can't over, I just cannot overlook 39 touchdowns with poor inception. Yeah, they're right now they first place in the A FC North, the four Russian touchdowns were 852 yards. I can't overlook that. I know Derrick Henry's in his backfield. I know. Excuse me. Derrick Henry is lighting the load on Lamar, but he still doing it. Yeah, exactly. You still do it. Listen, and you, you know what's funny and, and it's, it's funny for me, even I, I can separate the two. I can, I can separate being a, being a bangal playing for a franchise where obviously the enemy is, is the Ravens.


But I can separate the two and understand the greatness that is Lamar Jackson. Yes. I can appreciate the quarterback playing what he's been able to do since watching him at high school, at Boyton High School, watching him at Louisville and seeing how he's grown and matured into the quarterback he is today. When they've always said what he couldn't do. Right. You know, we don't think he could be a quarterback in this NFL. We think he should try running back. Yeah. Hell no. Just, just all the stuff he's had to overcome all the obstacles and the hurdles and to see where he's come. Now I can honestly say this and, and even as a bangal, as much as I believe that goddamn black and orange, I really hope he win it. The whole thing this year that I really hope he went, listen, I really hope he wins the whole thing this year, UNC.


Not just the MVP but goddammit, motherfucker get you a chip just to get him off your back. So there's nothing else they can say unc that just so there's nothing else they can say. And if you, if you have any type of documentary, if you have any type of film that talks about the start to the finish, I want it to all, I want the lead up to it. How it starts to be all the negative things everybody said. That's all I told Joe. People. I think the thing is, when you try to, when we try to explain things to people, people don't see, they'll take a clip and because a lot of times people use clickbait because if they've got my face, they got our face up there or night camp said something and they, they, they frame it in a negative light.


They don't even listen to it. I've said, I don't believe Lamar Jackson career is a failure if he doesn't win a championship. But there've been nine guys to win two MVPs. Every last one has won a Super Bowl. Guys, people say Aaron and Aaron. Aaron Rogers has underachieved with four MVPs in one Super Bowl. Right. So what do you think they're gonna say about Lamar if he has three MVPs and no Super Bowls on his resume when he retires? If Aaron Rogers, if people believe Aaron Rogers has underachieved with four MVPs and one Super Bowl Ocho Yeah.


What will people say about Lamar if he has three MVPs and no Super Bowls when his career is over, It's gonna, it's gonna, it's gonna worse. It's A disappointment. Yeah. You, it's gonna be worse. You, you understand that, that people understand that those are, that you have to be able to not be a fan. Understand the politics, take, understand what comes with the game when it comes to the totality and the resume and the entirety of someone's body of work and the requirements to be, to be talked about in Elite Yes. The top four Groups. Yes. You Gotta win. You gotta win a trophy. You got to have one. You need something, at least one of them. Especially when you're as great as you are in the regular season.


Which is why I wa which is why I can sit here and say, I really hope, I really hope after winning MVP this year, I hope he goes to New Orleans and he's able to lift that goddamn damn Lombardi. I really do. And that's what it co and that's what and that's what it comes down to. Ocho it, it really does. You know, look, you've gotta take black and white out of it. I know everything. We wanna make a lot of things we want about racism, but we can't do it in this situation because we have nine guys that have won at least two MVPs. Every last one has won an MV a Super Bowl. So now we're gonna say, well, well if Lamar Jackson don't win, well that's fine and dandy.


No. And the reason why I don't, and many others don't hold Burrow and Josh Allen and other, other quarterbacks to Lamar because they don't MVPs. Once you get an MVP thought of, you looked at differently. Right. He gets looked at like now he gets, now he wins a a, a Super Bowl. He gets judged just like my homeboy. He gets judged just like Brady, just like manning, just like all the other great quarterbacks that have multiple MVPs and a Super Bowl. That's only right. Hey, and you know what Hung, you know what I think about it? Yes. I think about it from a DA different perspective.


I'm looking at it through a different lens. I'm thinking about Lamar Jackson, the quarterback. Yes. Lamar Jackson, the quarterback that doesn't fit the mold. Yes. That all the rest of 'em do. The Lamar Jackson that chose not to change the Lamar Jackson that remained his true authentic self is especially based on where he is come from, you know, he's still, he's still Lamar Jackson, the same Lamar Jackson from Pompano. Yes. Nothing has changed and he's still playing the quarterback position without having to conform, staying true to himself to who he really is. That's, That's what makes him, I I love that. That's what makes him who he is. He's not a pocket passer. So why am I gonna try to be Tom Brady?


Why am I gonna try to be Peyton Manning when I could be Lamar Jackson and win just like they won and win MVPs and get to and win the Super Bowl? They could. They had to do it that way because they didn't have the athleticism to play outside of the pocket. Lamar Jackson has the athleticism to play outside of the pocket. He also has the ability to throw in between in, in between the tackles. But if I don't have to, why should I, I don't have to prove I why I'm gonna win this game. And sometimes I felt that he wanted to prove that he could throw the ball from the pocket and win a game to say, I told you so win that Super Bowl and say all y'all 31 that passed me, even the Ravens.


But I give y'all the grace because Ozzy got out. He, within the second round, he traded back up to get me and I promised him a Super Bowl. I'll delivered that, but I'm not done. So if you think I'm gonna set, be satisfied with one, you're sadly mistaken. I'm putting everybody on notice now. Hopefully they bring D Henry back. I don't know what Tennessee, whoa, whoa, whoa. He on a one year, he on a one year, No, one year. One year. 8 million. Man. They, they, they got, they got to bring me back. I'm not saying they, I they, I'm not saying they got to but understand the nature they need to and how the business works.


Right. I mean listen, while it's hot, while the comb is hot, while the comb is hot, come on that don't be no fool. And the thing is Ocho as many carries as he gets the ball, he's there every week. Now I don't know what his practice schedule is like. I don't know if they give him off Monday, I mean Wednesday, Thursday and just let him have some, The running back, the running back always get Wednesday off there. All I know is more times than not he lines it up. Yeah. All that other stuff I don't know about, I don't know, know a whole lot of other stuff, but I know that man takes a lot of pounding and every single week I see him dotting the I so ocho it only took Lamar four carries to become the all time leading rusher in the NFL history for the quarterback position.


The record was 61 0 9 held by former colleague Michael Vick. Lamar passed Michael Vick despite playing 41 fewer games. So basically he played two and a half seasons fewer than what Vick has played and he broke the record. Crazy. That's crazy. And, and, and you wouldn't, people wouldn't understand how crazy that is and how that sounds when you understand what Vick was during his time. His Here's the thing though, O Joe, it took, it took Michael Vick 13 seasons to get to that number. Lamar's done it under seven. Right. And under seven seasons.


He's in his seventh season right now, right? Yeah, yeah. He's in seventh because he's Right. But he's a year behind La ma homeboy because ma homeboy's at eight. He's in seventh, but he, he started halfway through his, his rookie season. Well ma homeboy only got to one game. Go ahead. I have, I have a question too. I like, I like the, the milestone that he's reached such a short amount of time. Short amount of time as opposed to Vic, when you think about numbers like this right. And saying that Lamar was able to reach a milestone that took, that took Vic a little bit longer. That took Vic a little bit longer to get to You count the season which he get drafted 'cause he gonna play that year. Mahomes came in the year before and then Mahomes run the MVP his rookie his second year and then Lamar run the MVP his second year.


Go ahead. What were you saying Ocho? Yeah, no, I was saying when you, when you look at the milestone that Lamar Jackson was able to reach in such a, in such a short amount of time as opposed to Vic who took a little longer to do it, the same thing when it comes to receivers, receivers playing in today's game and receivers that played before them in a different era. Do you ever take into account that the game is different now it's sense into how you're not allowed to, you know, the, the physicality has been taken out of it. So it's, it is, I don't wanna call it easy. It's a little bit easier to, to put up the numbers they're doing today. Yeah. Or you don't take that into account. Oh yeah. Well for the quarterback is it really easy for the quarterback to sc scramble? Yeah. Look, I I think that No, no, no, no.


Here it is Ocho I think the thing is is that they do protect the quarterback a lot more than say maybe even when Vic first got into the league. Right. It's not like, look, they didn't, they they protect all the quarterbacks. Now eighties in the nineties when I came in the league 1670s. Oh no Boy look here They ain't care about that. Hey they ain't care about none of y'all wellbeing back in back none If they wouldn't hit a quarterback. Like some of the times I saw Elway get hit my quarterback if see some of the other quarterback, oh you get suspended three games. I'm talking about them Joe. Were putting their helmet right. Oh man, they were putting their helmet right in the guy's sternum. Right, right.


Drop it. I mean we won, we got to the Super Bowl because Goose dropped his weight down on Rich Canon's shoulder. Go back and look at the lc championship game. Separated his, broke his collarbone, separated his shoulder something and put him out. Ah, You Can't attack the quarterback like that but Yeah, but what, what, what l Jack is doing at the quarterback position because not only can he run, we know he's the best runner in the game. Yeah. Now he's a top five passer and I'm not so sure he's four or five. So when you look at that, when you combine, he's the best runner at the quarterback position and he's a top five passer at the position. Yeah. Yeah. How do you stop him?


You hope he has an off day? Yeah. You hope you pressure him. You hope you can get a couple turnovers here and there and that's the, that's the way you beat the Ravens. Try to try to get him off schedule, try to get him off script. That's the best thing you can do. But the problem is if you're pressuring and you get out the back door Yeah, yeah, yeah. You better not run past it now Then, then your ass Stop. Yeah. You better not jump a once you get even you see back there. Oh Joe, he back here. Yeah. Once you get here you better level off. Yeah. Yeah. You run it stop and b be under control. Hey, it, it, it sounds, it is one, it is one thing to talk about it. It's another thing to be out there and goddamn and be able to do it. Absolutely. Well we do have to factor in that Michael Vick went away.


He did go to federal prison for 23 months. I think he was outta the league for like two or three years. And so who the record would've I look, I'm not saying Lamar wouldn't have this record eventually, but I do believe Michael Vick would've had more rush yards than what he had because when he came back Yeah he was still But he wasn't a Michael Vick experience Vick. Right, right. He wasn't Atlanta Vick. Yeah, he was a better, he they he was a better thrower of the football in Philly. But that guy on that turf in Atlanta different, it was the Chiefs, it was different. Go to Pittsburgh and they win 29 to 10. So up the number one seed in the A FC with a 15 and one, they'll get the first round by have home field advantage throughout the playoffs as long as they win the 19 point margin of victory was the Chiefs largest of the season.


They had 389 yards. More than half, more than they had in all But Ocho check this out. Yeah. The 3 89 was the most yards they had in the season in all but one game, even without Chris Jones, Russell Wilson was sacked five times, intercepted once and they forced us turnover by the Steelers. Andy Reed called it the most complete game of the season. You and I talked about that at the beginning of the thing. When you look at the homes and you look at what they were able to do offense without their best defensive player on the road in a hostile environment. And now look, I know the Steelers have kind of fallen on hard times. They've lost their last three games, but that's still Pittsburgh very well coached.


They have a a, a very good defense offensively. They couldn't run the football today. Oh they did run it. Good god. Oh that was late in the ball game. Ni g Harris had 13 for 74. Jalen Warren had a limb for 71. They had the 31 for 2 0 2. I think the turning point Ocho and that ball game is when Rush threw that interception in the end zone. Right. He got food, it was covered Ocho what it was, it was covered two. And what McDuffy did is that he got a jam so good on picking, picking stock. So in the process of him stopping, Reed is looking at him. He's like, well I don't gotta get wide now I can stay right here on the hash. Het have To Yeah. Russell School thought he was gonna get wide. He doesn't get wide.


Yeah. I got see it was, it was Pickens. Pickens can't get jammed there 'cause we need to, you gotta Go, you still gotta go O Joe. Hold the Safety. You gotta put the safety in the motherfucking bind. You got, you put the, in the bind then it's a two-way go. Yes, Russ has a two-way foot to go with the ball. But once you took, once, once Duffy took away Pickens, it's only one. It is only, and once you looking to the left, there's only one place You can go. Exactly. Because here's the thing, if, if Pickens gets past McDuffy, right, McDuffy got to retreat. But now since Pickens stopped, there ain't nothing to threaten the flat. So I'm gonna stay right here. Yeah, Yeah. And so now instead of getting wide, Reed says, I ain't, why do I need to get wide for ain't no threat over there.


No threat. Yeah. My threat is coming and he like boom. And then he picked him and I think that cost him a little bit more. That cost him some momentum right there. Yeah. And you know what the, the steel is in the first half. I mean they were, they were trying to control time and possession obviously being able to run the ball, being able to run the ball and throw it here and there. Especially to the Titan end. Is it, I I don't, I I don't wanna butcher's name. Is it Fire, fire Moth? Fire Fire, Fire Moth. Fire Moth. Fire Moth. Him and him and Russ was cooking for a little bit on some, on some of those plays. Yeah. The problem with them is when they were getting to the red zone, unc they weren't being, they weren't scoring, they weren't putting up no damn points man. No, they won't put them. No. If you, if you're getting down and if you're getting anywhere in the facility, anywhere in the vicinity, you gotta put up something.


Yes. You gotta, Yes. Ocho the Steelers didn't run the ball that well going into the fourth quarter, the Steelers had 10 rushes for 89 yards. So that two that's in the fourth quarter. Yeah. And so now that tells me that's a lot of garbage yards. So in the fourth quarter, at some point it's like the chief says like, we let y'all run it. We just not gonna give y'all anything, anything cheap, anything deep. Right. Russell Wilson was 23 of 37 2 0 5. He didn't play well. Russ hadn't played well the last couple of weeks. This team is not good enough to overcome poor play at the quarterback position. Remember that's why they made the switch to Russ because they were winning games.


But it's a, it's a struggle when your quarterback doesn't play well because now you in these nail bodies and you gotta go nip tuck, nip tuck, nip tuck and a lot. You gotta hope a lot of things go well the one turnover. You only had the one turnover today. But again they had two turnovers that Right. That definitely took points off the board because they were already in field goal range and so that interception, that re got took points off the board. We don't know how that would've turned out if they could have held onto that ball. That fryer move fumble. But when you, when you, when you, when you play up, play against the Chiefs, even though they're not as explosive as they once were, you, you gotta play, you still gotta play damn near perfect.


Don't worry about what they doing. Oh yeah, you, you, you have to, you you have no choice. You know why 'cause of 15, 'cause of 15 Unfortunately Man Of 15. That's all, that's all it come down to 29 of 38, 3 23 touchdowns. Kelsey a catches 84 yards of touchdown. Xavier worthy a catches 79 yards touchdown. Justin Watson, two catches 60 yards touchdown. Hollywood Brown, four for 46, Soma. JP ride two for 20, Juju two for 18. D Hop had a quiet day today.


But the thing is, and listen, y'all listen, I I don't know what y'all thinking when they bring Justin Washington in the game, he running two routes. He running a nine or ain't running a post now. I dunno what y'all thinking but y'all need go back. He can run. Oh yeah. Oh Yeah. Dbs, I don't know what y'all been told that white, white, white guys can't run, they can't jump. When Justin Watson comes in the game, he gonna run two routes. He running a post or he gonna run a nine route. Now you ain't gotta believe me, but now when the man behind you, you like, you looking like, well what happened?


I told you what's gonna happen. They're gonna run the dagger, the one to the backside and they're gonna hope the safety jumping and they're gonna run the post to the backside with him on it. Yeah. I so I'm, I'm just giving, just giving an, just giving a heads up in case y'all don't wanna watch film. But that's with Justin Watson because he got wheels he can run. Yeah. And he a big kid. He ain't no little receiver ocho. Nah, he ain't little. I think Deontay Johnson, he kind of underestimated him a little bit. He tried to jam him at the line and he missed and I thought, you know Deontay, you know Deontay iss fast now. So I thought maybe he thought I oh I'm gonna catch up to him. Oh No you're not no Ocho. People don't understand four three ain't catching 4, 3, 4 3 might catch four five.


You ain't catching four three because you gotta realize you got the backpedal and then turn he running from the jump. Yeah. Yeah. You not catching that. Nah. And got a big play out of that. But the Steelers woo, y'all gotta dig deep now. Hey, because you know the Bingos are coming in. They know in order for them to have any chance, they've got to win that if they win Sunday, they know in order for them to have any chance they've got to win. Y'all gotta take care of this on Sunday. Broncos got y'all though. Hold on, hold on. When we, when we win Saturday, we play Saturday. Saturday. My bad. You're right. You're right. When, when we play and win Saturday, then we, we do, we, we will take care of our business with the Steelers.


Okay? Right now, we, we focus on the Broncos. Y'all focus on the Broncos. We focus on the Broncos Bronco Country. 'cause after that game, Bronco. Who? Bronco country. Yeah. Okay. Because after that game, you not, I'm sorry, y'all ain't got no, y'all talking about welcome to the jungle. Yeah. Y'all ain't got no. Yeah. Hey, that's y'all. It's A jungle. It said, oh, it's, it's a jungle. Now believe that what we playing y'all at, we, we going the mile High. Nah, y'all, we coming, y'all. So what you think gonna happen? What you think for that matter of fact, I'm gonna go to that game. Broco Country. Matter of fact, I'm gonna go to that game. Hey, hey, Patrick 13 Jr. What gonna do with, what you gonna do with Uno and five out there?


Do you realize when they target, when they, when they target PS two? Yeah. Their qb their, their rating is like 36.1. You come out better just throwing the ball in the dirt. You'll have a higher quarterback rating if you just threw the ball in the dirt. Okay? So you, you want, you wanna best something on, on the matchup. You already owe me three band Owe you how much? Three band you owe. Let's, Let's, let's double Nothing then. Double. Double or nothing. Double or nothing. How you go through the bank, borrow money from the bank. Don't pay the money. Don't make No money and say, give and say, you know what? Hey, gimme double what you owed me. Gimme, I want you to gimme double what I borrowed from you and I'm gonna pay you back.


I, I tell you, I'm good for it though. No, You good for it? If you were good for it, I already have it. Money. Draw an interest in your pocket, You know, well double it up then. Because one thing about it, I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get it to you regardless, because you know I'm good for it. What They say? Money outta sight. Cause a fight. We ain't wet gonna fight. 'cause I listen, I'm not going, I'm not going to jail for beating on my elders. I tell you what I tell, do what I tell people right here, Ocho. If I can't get you up off me, you welcome to stay. I promise you that. That's all I got for you. If you get on me and I can't get you off, real free to stay there, there.


But I promise you, I bet I'll make you turn me loose. Hey, Hell no. Hey, that's a good one. That's a good one.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank and NA member IC


Congratulations to the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine for the first ever Malcolm Gladwell tipping point designation. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business. The university used integrated IOT devices and 5G solutions from T-Mobile to enable multiple synchronized health monitors, allowing for real-time remote data collection and analysis. The initiative will shape patient care moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine,


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot


edu.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video. Breaking The tackle Touchdown tonight. Keep the holiday celebration going as the Seattle Seahawks take on the Chicago Bears. You're Gonna love this Coverage begins with TNF tonight. Not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Seahawks and Bears tonight only on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details


Right now. Get up to 25% off select online storage solutions. Put heavy duty HDX totes to good use. Protecting what's important to you. This solid impact resistant design prevents cracking and the clear base and sides. Make items easy to find even when the totes are stacked. Find select online shelving and tote storage up to 25% off at the Home Depot to organize every room in your home from your garage to your attic. Visit home depot.com. How doers get more done.


Oto, take this out. Russell Wilson goes all out for gifts for his offensive lineman. He gave each of his offensive lineman a $10,000 gift card, air Airbnb gift card that can be used anywhere around the globe. He got ev each one of them, Louis Vuitton, duffle bags and Steelers, colors, colors, custom made Steeler good man brain shoes made with Wilson's his clothing brand and a bottle of Sierra's 10 to one rum. There were some good gifts that, I mean, the Eagles, Hertz and Saquon got the lineman custom golf carts. I'm talking about big ones.


Josh Jacobs got the offensive lineman. Diamond pin. Diamond penance. Yeah, we saw my homeboy. Oh, forgot what my homeboy got his guys. But I mean, oh, he got a Rolex. Hey Lamar Jackson. He got his guys Rolexes, LJ got his guys Rolexes. Yeah, the offensive lineman. They feel real confident. They got Josh Allen app pender with MVP on the back. Ooh, ooh. They they jump, they jump in the gun A little bit. Hey, they, they, we don't listen. They Jump in the gun right? A little bit. Rightfully so. Even if he doesn't win it, you know, in their eyes he's had a MVP season, so I understand it. Yeah, I, I understand it.


But listen, them quarterbacks, they make a, they making a different kind of money where you can give these type of gifts. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Give these type of gifts to your linemen and appreciation for what they've done for you throughout the entirety of the season. And it's, it's a dope gesture. It's a very, very dope gesture. Okay? And plus the fact, look, quarterbacks, they're different quarterbacks can go to dealers and these places that have these ATVs and all this other stuff, and they gonna get a discount. They gonna hit me and you overhead. They gonna want full price. As a matter of fact, they might upcharge us. I mean, but the quarterbacks, they probably, Hey, you buy how many you wanna buy Mr. Mahomes? Okay, we'll we, we'll do this. Right Instead of charging, we'll give you to them for what we bought him for.


You know what I'm saying? Yeah. But I mean, Lamar got, like I said, Lamar got his lineman. Rolexes also, I saw Boogie McFarland tweet. He talking about dbs. When y'all gonna get something for the D lineman, y'all can't cover what without us, bro. I, I, I, I don't, I don't, I don't know what to tell you about that book. I think you, first of all, boogie, you ain't even play no more. You should have thought about that when you was in the League League. You, you can't even talking about, talking about Rrc. Rrc ain't in the league either, but I'm trying to think, have I, have I ever heard of DBS getting something for the D line? No, I haven't.


No. I mean, I don't know. Maybe Ray got some for Goose and Big Sam for his first mvp. I, I don't, I don't, I don't remember. I don't know. But Rested Soul Goose. Yeah, but those quarterbacks. But see Ocho hell, I'm making 50, 60 million plus another probably five 10 off the field. Because you, I mean, Mahome might be doing 15 20 million in endorsements off the field. Yeah. So he might be bringing home 70 million a year. Hell yeah. What, what? I care about dropping five a half a million to a million dollars on, on, on, on my line. Yeah. That that ain't nothing. Yeah.


According to Adam Shefter, Pete Carroll has expressed interest in the Chicago Bears head coaching job and would like to return to the sideline next season. Three teams to Bears. The, just the Saints are in the market for a head coach who can help reset their culture. Few coaches have had it more effective than Carol doing that. Carol is one of the four head coaches that have led teams to both national championships and Super Bowls. Barry Switzer, Jimmy Johnson and Jim Harbaugh. I like, I like Pete, but not in Chicago. They need offensive. They need, look, they can get a defensive, but he has to go scour and get for a college, maybe even a college oc Right? That's creative.


That knows how to work with the skillset of what Caleb Williams possess. He can't, he can't go get one of those con conventional guys that he had in, in, in Seattle. That ain't gonna work. You, you know what I think now we talk about the Chicago job, and I like what you said about Pete Carroll, who is a player's coach. I think the coach, I mean, the players will gravitate, gravitate, gravitate towards him. But you do need Officer Cord that has the creativity that can, that can help Caleb Williams use some of, use his skillset. Yes. To adaptability, you know, and what he's able to do Another, another job. Now we talked about Mike McCarthy, right? Yeah. We just talked about the other night.


Ben Johnson. What you think about this? Ben Johnson, Dallas Cowboys. Oh, I like that. You know, I haven't heard his, I heard his name mentioned before, but it was never with the Cowboys. I think Ben Johnson would be the perfect fit for the Cowboys and working with Dak and bringing some of that creativity that he does over there in Detroit. Now, he doesn't have the same personnel to be able to do some of the things he did, but based on what you have and what he knows, he has the strengths and the weaknesses of the players on that team. Yes. I think you can do some damage as that head coach. Hell, matter of fact, head coach and offensive coordinator keep calling the players there in Dallas too, if the opportunity presents itself.


So yeah, Pete was out, obviously he left Seattle last year. They got Mike McDonald, who was the former defensive coordinator of the Baltimore Ravens. Zach, or took over that job. J John Harbaugh guy has a nice little treat. I mean, he got, Mac McDonald is a head coach. Zach or the defensive coordinator Anthony Weaver, who was in Baltimore. He's the d the DC at coordinator. Miami coordinator. Yeah. So John Harbaugh has put together a nice little staff, but Pete Carroll is interested in getting back into the NFL coach Har Coach Harbaugh, coach Belichick seems like he might be only on the sidelines at North Carolina for one year because he has a $1 million buyout after one season.


But you see what, oh, ocho, you see how he did that? My son's the defensive coordinator and then if I step away, he gets to be coach weighted. See how he did that right? Now, I wanna know, I, I wanna know what they call that because I know a lot of people was up and down. It Start with end it. Start with the end if I'm not mistaken. Yeah, yeah. I ain't heard nobody say a word. Ain't nobody mention nothing about Nepo Autism. I ain't even heard nobody say anything about baptism. Right. I I I know one thing I like, I like what Belichick is doing too. Now, there've been very many rumblings when they were, when there were job openings as head coaches in the NFL. Did you notice every team that did a hire, how young the coach was? You understand what I mean? Now you talked about it.


We've talked about it and I've said, I think this is a good thing for Belichick to go to North Carolina because this is what it's gonna show the people. It's gonna show the owners in the NFL. Listen, I was one of the greatest coaches of all time. Matter of fact, I am the greatest coach of all time. My coaching ways might be a little outdated for today's era and I might not be able to relate to or resonate with the young players. I'm gonna go to North Carolina. I'm gonna show you that I can be a leader of young men. I can resonate with this era and the younger kids of this generation and win and build a nice program letting owners know that I want back in the NFL because I can relate to and coach these young players of this generation as well.


Yeah. But I'm just saying, I, I don't see the outrage because there's a lot of outrage. You know, if you notice when they do it, don't nobody from that culture talk about this nepotism. Right. That's only us. Now we'll talk about, we'll talk about it, but we'll talk about us. Oh, bro. They call that the bro, the Bronny. You see what he did? Yeah. They do it all the time. Andy Reed had his sons on his staff coaching coach Belichick had his son on his staff coaching. But somehow we feel bad if we give our homeboy who you go look at the staff. Look at Mike. Look at Sean McVay. Look at Mike McDaniels.


Look at Lele. Now look at where they were. They're with Shanahan. Look how many guys on that staff keep it going. But they make us feel bad. No. Our culture make us feel bad if we give somebody like us an opportunity. Listen, we, we the only ones do that though. We, we, we don't, we're not everybody. So we, we don't wanna put everybody the same. No, but I'm good percentage. A good percentage though, huh? Yes. Good percentage. But I mean, if, if, no, I ain't gonna put my son in position if that's not what he wanna do. Right. But Steve Belichick wants to coach. Okay.


You wanna coach? Oh, you so happens. I have a coach. Come on. My son wanted to be in media. This is what you wanna do. Come on. Right. It's not what he wants to do. I don't got no problem. Good. It's okay when they do it. It's a problem when we do it. Yeah. You know, they, they, they, you know us. It's always, it's always gonna be something. It's always gonna be something. Anytime it's, it comes to talking about getting ahead in any way, you know, and it doesn't, it doesn't benefit the next person. You know how it's Yeah. But, but I, but how, I mean, I, I, I want us to win win.


I really do Ocho I want us the community. I want everybody to win. But am I biased towards my community? Damn Right. Because I grew up in that community and I think there's some things that we, we can do and we should do. Right. But we've gotta stop this. Anytime someone becomes successful in our community, think they did something seedy or underminded or underhanded to get that right. Oh, he sold his sold. They don't other, I've never heard somebody say the Kelsey sold his sold. I've never heard. They don't say what? Peyton Manning got a billion dollar company. It ain't nobody said he sold his sold me and you got a little thing, man. The sold his sold. You notice that P Man got a billion dollar company after making 300 million plus in the NFL.


And not one person has ever said, P Man sold his, sold Tom Brady get three, $400 million. Now one person said, Tom Brady sold. I wonder what he had to do to get his, get that job. Now I need y'all to jump in the chat and tell me why. You know, why No, no, no, no. I wanna hear him say it. 'cause it seems like anytime we do something, what about hard work? So what did I do to get to the NFL? I sold my soul Discipline. Y'all just see how I approached what I do. Now, can you imagine how maniacal I was when I played to get to that? Right?


That's not an accident. It's not an accident. Ocho there are two people from the same house of 3,500 people in a town make it to that. That's not an accident. Yeah, But I just, I I'm like, God, I mean, you should think of hell, the way I look at anything Ocho, if I see somebody do it, I can do it. You did it. Yeah, but what they only so they, they only did it. They only, what? They stopped making, they stopped giving job people opportunities to do something because you did it. Hell no. Here, I don't think I'm better than anybody. Ojo. I don't, I've never felt because, oh, I could play football.


I'm better than you. Or I'm in this situation. I'm better than you. Right. Do I think I could do my job better than you do, do your job? Yeah. Right. I do. Yeah. Yeah. I do. You should feel, You should feel that way. Most definitely. You should feel that way. But we gonna, we gonna, we gonna, we gonna get this. We gonna, we gonna be able to pull our money. We gonna pull our money together. I got John Hope Brown. I did a, a speaking form for him and I'm gonna have him, I'm gonna, he gonna come on and give us some. He, he, man, I mean, just sit down and talk to him. Ocho boy, he, he, he, he got his stuff together. Wait, who? Who?


John Ho. Bryant. Bryant. Okay. Okay. Okay. You Probably see him. I mean, he got social media know he gotta thing he has for, and I'm talking about the big companies. I'm talking about the sales forces, the Deltas, the Googles that everybody, Right. And, and to, to invest in how you build your credit score and how you, how you, you build a business and how you, you know, you invest and, and, and watch it grow over time. That's how you create wealth. Right. And then generational wealth. And so we're gonna have this in 25. We're gonna have him come on a couple times and talk. And so hopefully people will tune in and, and get some valuable, some valuable insights of how, how to invest.


Look, everybody, it's hard to accumulate wealth when you don't have money. Right. And we've gotta stop the, the money that we have. If, if you have a car that's more valuable than the money that you got in your savings account, there's a problem. Come On. That's a mofo problem. As he said it, he said, he was telling the story like, look, if your assets is on your ass, that's a problem. Hey, that's a good one. You know what I'm saying? Don't. And a lot, lot of times people like, bro, how you driving up and, and, and, and, and with a nice car, you stay an apartment.


You gotta understand. We, it's about image. It's about image. It's about looking to par. It's about looking as if you have it. Because if you look like you got it, then you're, you're able to get what it is you're attracting. Because when it comes to every, everything is visual. Yes. Real visual. Think, think about social media. Everything is about visual. If I look like I got it, then I could attain some of the things that I'm attracted to. It's easy. It is easy. All you, you just gotta look like it. Rinse your car, get you some nice clothes, put on some nice shoes, put you some chains on. Okay. He look like he got it. I'm Finn give you a chance. Ojo. Yeah.


Kyle Payne said you and I sold our souls Shit. Shit. But you know how he Says Yeah. Nah, nah, nah. I know he, he got, he had the laughing emojis up there. Okay. Okay. But yeah, but we gonna have him on to talk some, some, some financial literacy, you know, get money. And I said, Ash, Ash, in 2015, I met this guy and this guy said, Shannon, I want to give you an opportunity. Yeah. At the time, Bitcoin, he said we can do like 10 coins. And because I know you, I'll let you have the coins for $250 a coin.


You see how I'm sitting here tapping my fingers? Yeah. I think the coins now what, like a hundred thousand a coin. This was in 2015. Oh, Ocho had I, if I gone ocho go ahead, take it over. It ain't no more unc and Ocho. It's the ocho show. Unc outta here. I would hit one of these Ocho I would hit one of these. I done let a couple go. I'd let you, You know, you know, know what the funny thing about it is, huh? Yeah. It only take this, this many times to hit. Yeah. I don't let had a chance to get Netflix when it was $2.


Had an opportunity to get Google, had an opportunity to get Bitcoin. I'm gonna get one of these right. One day y'all. Now I ain't gonna tell y'all which one, but there'll be signs that Shannon came into a large sum of money. There will be signs. Maybe it might be the farm of miniature cows that I have. Maybe I don't know what it's, but you man, did y'all hear UNC bought a farm with a thousand mini cows? A a Thousand? Yeah.


No. And all of a sudden, man, man, man, I heard UNC got some. Yeah, UNC got like 15 dogs now. So there'll be signs that UNC have come into a summer muddy. I ain't gonna say nothing. I ain't gonna mention anything about it, but if you see me, that's what, that's what's gonna happen. The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA member FDIC.


Once upon a time Amazon Music met audio books and listeners everywhere rejoiced. Oh yeah. Because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles, including romantic autobiographies, true crime, and more. Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon music app now to start listening terms Apply.


Your teen requested a ride, but this time not from you. It's through their Uber teen account. You probably drive your teenager around a lot. They have Gymnastics Club, science Club, re, soccer Club School, soccer Club Club, soccer club, and three Hour Clarinet Club on Saturday night. Perfect. Now with an Uber teen account, you can be there even when you can't. It's an Uber account that allows your teen to request a ride under your supervision. They ride with a highly rated driver. And with live trip tracking, you can follow along the whole ride. Thank you. Add your teen to your Uber account today. See app for details.


This message is sponsored by Greenlight. We all know that old saying about teaching Amanda Fish. And as parents, we want our kids to learn the things that will set them up for success. So this holiday season give kids money skills that will last well beyond 2024 with Greenlight. Greenlight is a debit card and money app made for families where kids learn how to save, invest, and spend wisely with parental controls built in. Sign up today at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


Hey there, it's Scott Patterson from I Am All In Again, podcast life. Short talk, fast stream, Gilmore Girls on Hulu. That's right. Grab your coffee and get cozy because all seven seasons of Gilmore Girls are now on Hulu Stream. All the witty banner, heartwarming moments, and awkward Friday night dinners with Lorelei Rory, and the eclectic mix of characters, whether you're rewatching or going Gilmore for the first time. Hulu has you covered, it's a show, it's a lifestyle. It's now streaming on Hulu.