
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo, and a hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese, ketchup, Meer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal in fast food. Gotta be Wendy's.


Hey, all you women's soups, fans, and folks who just don't know yet that they're women's soups fans, we've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire and everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa. Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume,


The finals are here and the only thing for sure is it's the last time to bet on college basketball This season it's been an amazing ride to get here full of unexpected happenings. Maybe there'll be more. Get in on all the actions expected and unexpected with DraftKings Sports book, with live betting exclusive content, promos and parlays. DraftKings, the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. Is that simple? First time, here's something special just for you. New drafting customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Bet the unexpected with Draft King Sportsbook. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants you to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well, would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Did You know colon cancer is considered one of the most preventable, yet least prevented cancers when caught in the early stages? Colon cancer has a survival rate of 90%. So screening in early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. That's why the American Cancer Society recommends that if you're at average risk, you begin screening for colon cancer at age 45. And the convenient way to do that is with Cologuard tests. The Cologuard tests allow you to be in control of your co colon cancer screening through prescription based tests delivered to your door with none of the prep that's required for a colonoscopy. No liquid prep, no days off, no invasive procedures. Plus Cologuard test is affordable. Most insured patients pays $0 and a follow-up colonoscopy is needed after a positive Cologuard test. This is usually covered by insurance also. So if you're 45 years of older and at average risk, you can ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with a Cologuard test. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at cologuard.com/podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk of colorectal cancer. Do not use Cologuard tests. If you have had Athenas have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopies high risk patients. Cologuard tests in adults. 45 to 49 is estimated based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older false positive and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


The legend continues. Get ready for an all new bonus episode of Patino Red Storm Rising. Only on Vice tv. Vice Sports says follow Coach Rick Patino in the St. John's men's basketball monumental season as they won the Red Storm's First Big East regular season title in 40 years on a favorite to win their first conference tournament championship since 2000. The series captured the team's gonna working and pat's old school coaching style as it takes a candid look at the highs and lows that Mark Pat's storied career as He returned St. John's to prominence in his New York City hometown. Cam followed Patino and the Red storm on campus to alumni and booster events, press conferences, private settings, endgame, huddle, pre-game, halftime, and post game locker rooms, on road trips in coaches meetings and NIL discussions to name a few. The high stakes bonus episode will offer viewers a review of the red storm's performance in the NCA Men's basketball tournament leading up to the final four. The Patino Red Storm Rising finale airs Thursday, April 3rd at 10:00 PM Eastern only on Vice tv. Go to vice tv.com to find your cable channel.


Mike Thomas spoke about Aren Rogers today. Ojo, let's take a list of what Mike t had to say. All right. He's a free agent, as you guys know. He came to visit last Friday. We had a really productive day. He's been in this thing a long time. I've been in this thing a long time, but it's no substitute for, You know, intimacy and spending time together and getting to know one another in a non-competitive environment. And so that was really good. But I don't have any new updates in terms of where the process is. We'll see where it leads us. How Unsettling is it? Or is it to not have this situation? I'm really comfortable with being unsettled this time of year, to be quite honest with you.


It's about talent acquisition. We got two means of main means of acquiring talent free agency in the draft. We multitask, we do both those, those needs that we fulfill and free agency, we do so there and when we don't, we fulfill it in the draft. And, and so I just learned over the years that this this time of year, although, You know, day to day could be somewhat uncomfortable. It is a process. Hey, sound like a politician, don't he? You see how he's sweating? Yeah. He's like, we ain't got no quarterback. Yeah. Yeah. Every, every, everything he said, it sounds good.


It sounds beautiful, but in order to compete in this league, regardless to what team you are, it's 32 of them. You need a quarterback. Absolutely. There's there's a reason why they make and command the salary that they do. There's nothing you can do without a quarterback. And ever since Ben Berger's been gone, even on the tail end of his career where things weren't really that good, they let Ben down the vine. Yeah. They were supposed to do. Yeah. They they they were signed that there was slippage and they didn't wanna see it. Right. And well, no, I don't, I I think they saw it, but they didn't wanna up upset him. Similar to how they upset Aren Rogers similar to how they upset Brett f but guess what?


They, they wanna do that in the process of upsetting him. Guess what? You had, you had another 10, 10 years of 12 years of prosperity being able to be competitive. Right. The same thing with Aren Rogers. You got Jordan Love and then boom. Yeah. And you were able to be competitive. You've got, you've got to, especially when you see the slippage. Now, I don't agree with what Coach Belichick did with Tom Brady. That's a totally different instant because Tom Brady was still going to Super Bowl. They were still playing in a LC championship game. Right. But in this situation, it's totally different. And Mike Thomas says he's comfortable with Mason Rudolph being the team starting quarterback next season. That's why we brought him back.


I'm comfortable with that. We've been there before. He's very capable. If you, if think about what he said. What did he say? Ocho? We brought him back. Yeah. Why the hell you let him go? Yeah. You know, listen, he, he is the head coach. You gotta say all the right things. You have to say all the right things. Remember? I just, we just talked about it. You said you like when people tell you the truth. Now this man not Hold on. Wait on he's, hold on. Wait a minute. Wait. Chat. What did OCHO say last night? You ain't even letting me finish. Okay, go ahead. I'm getting ready. I I was just getting ready to give you the example what Mr. Haslum just said and telling the truth, saying that we missed and now we got on the, on the, on the next hand we got Mike Tomlin giving us a lie.


Don't tell me the beautiful lie. Tell me the truth. We don't have a quarterback right now. We don't. Okay. I should be, I shouldn't be unsettled. You shouldn't be comfortable right now because you haven't had a quarterback in a while. In order to compete in the A FC North and to get back to the historic run that the Steelers are known for winning championships. You need a goddamn quarterback. That's it. You know, that's why I say you sound like a politician. What do politicians do most the best? What are they best at? Lying to the people getting you to believe in what they're saying. Knowing it's not the truth.


And I'm a fan of the Steelers because I love them. The Steeler fans love me And I love the playoffs. But you need a quarterback in order to compete. Yeah. That's it. Man. He sweat Mike Thomas sweat. Like somebody on the Mo Poey show you are the father got by the dog. Look, I get it. But if Mason Rudolph was the guy, they would've never let him left the building name a quarterback that they left, let leave the building. And he's supposed to be the guy.


He's capable. Why? I mean, why they do that at ocho? You know what this tells you? Do You know what this tells you? This tells you how hard it is to come by. Good quarterbacks good. So if so wait Rick, Rick Grossman. Rick Grossman got the bearings to the Super Bowl. Yeah. We just need somebody good. Yeah. You can all think you can do that now. Defense and make the play. Huh? Just defensively. They gonna make you, they'll make the I I don't think Now you talking about the Steelers. We talking about the Steelers, huh? Yeah. Who, what is the identity for the Steelers? They're what Defense? I'm not saying they the steal goddamn curtain, but they're known for their defense. Yes.


If you don't have a quarterback in order for to compete week in and week out, your defense has to play up the par. But I'm just trying to, ain't no quarterback walking through that room right now. That's gonna change the franchise. Ain't no Joe Burrow, ain't Lamar Jackson. You have a 41, 40 2-year-old Aren Robs that might be your quarterback And you don't know what you're gonna get from him week to week. You don't even know if he gonna show up the mini cam. He said good quarterbacks. What? Good quarterbacks, You know, teams let walk out. I mean, you let Russ lead the building. You let Justin Fields lead the building for Mason Ruda.


Justin Fields, Russ are no longer there. And you said the best option for the Steelers moving forward was Mason Ruda. Absolutely not. That's why I say he lying like a politician. He lying like the president. They promise you everything. And when it's time to show up and get it done, it's crickets. Now you putting all that pressure on Mason Rudolph and Aren Rogers doesn't come. Oh, you stuck. Not only are you stuck, Now you put the onus on Mason Rudolph to back up everything you said. Man ain't look, ain't nobody holding Mike Tomlin into that. 'cause everybody done saw, we done saw a large enough sample size from Mason Rudolph.


We know what he is. Right. We know what he is. All of a sudden he ain't finna turn into no, no, he ain't finna have no season like anybody. I shouldn't say he's not. 'cause hell nobody thought Sam Donna was gonna have the season that he had. So Oh, who did it? Who Man, the Pope. Man, listen, I'm listen, the Pope rest his soul could have been the quarterback for the Minnesota backings and did what Sam Donald did last year. What? Jordan Addison Hoison and goddamn Justin Jeffers. Yeah. We said they had I not seen, had I not seen Sam, you understand? Huh? Had I not seen Sam Darnell, I might've believed you.


Oh, we talking about previously? Yeah. I, I tell you what, quarterback is only good as the supporting cast. Huh? It takes a, it takes a village. And when a village is good, it can hide a lot of your weaknesses. True. True. But guess what? Last two games of the season, he reverted back to those same guys to throw to how he look. Ah, expectations change. Yeah. C ocho when you ain't got no expectations, it's kinda like, it's kind of like, hey, you start seeing this girl, she starts seeing this guy and y'all ain't got no expectation.


You do you you do it. She do her. Now all of a sudden y'all come together and Now you have expectations. Oh. Where you been? See you ain't got no expectation. Don't nobody ask where you been. You call, Hey. Oh, it is what it is. Hey. Yeah. Hey, call it complications. Hey, I'm just saying Dang. I'm, I'm one of them guys. You know, love is like acl. Once it goes cold, it can't be reheated. Man. Wait a man. You man, Alice.


Well you think you slick boy. Go, go ahead and get that to me again. I, I'm gonna use, I'm gonna use a hotel pen pad. You know what it is? Love is like in the clear, once it goes cold, it can't be reheated. Woo. Ooh. That's a good one. That is a good one. There are I got, I gotta, I gotta, Hey, because here's the thing, Ocho, see if it's like this here. I mean, even like this So can sleep in through that crack. Right. With just imagine. And the separation gets dis gets farther and farther apart.


I I I I'm just saying don't you, I'm just saying you listen, you ain't gotta tell me, Hey, because I, I had it. You know we take a break. Okay? Yeah. I'm not, I'm not responsible for whatever happens on this break. Yes sir. Sir. That's why, that's why I don't take breaks, man. Ocho, I had, I was like, hold on, took a break. You know I'm doing me, you doing right. Talk talk to me now. Go, come on. That she got mad because I was seeing, I said, hold on, we not together, but I thought you were go so you thought I was gonna wait while you do Who? Wait, wait, wait. What?


Wait. Who? Hey, wait, man. Hey, I was flagging him down. I didn't wait on nothing. Hey, I called Uber. I called Uber and catch a ride. That's how quick I was trying to get to where I was going. Don't your, you aint, you ain't faster than me. Huh? Wait for wait for who? Wait for what? You know how long we've been in the game? Huh? I'm out the game. Hey. Oh, I'm out the game. I'm I'm out with you. I don't know if you waiting for you. You laughing. I ain't play. Oh. I ain't got time to play. What did I tell you about that?


Mountain twenties wasted them thirties, wasted them forties. Wait. Oh boy. I'm about to go on the other side of the mountain. You think I'm finna play? Oh, what I told you about choosing who choose you. Yeah. You right about that. Now on now. I ain't got time to play what I told you. 2026. I'm gonna get, I'm gonna be what? Married man. You'll be and you'll be a fool if you think I'm not, you see what happened to everybody else that has gotten married. You see the blessings that have been bestowed upon these individuals that are getting married. You know why you do that? Then you, you man, you, you I see, I see what happened to, I see what happened to LeBron and Kobe rested.


So he got married joint, got mad shit. Huh. Man, let me go to what's them dating sites. What's some dating sites? Nah, you don't need no dating sites. You ain't, you don't need no dating sites. You see, Hey, you see, you see I, I done, I done put my band back on. I'm practicing now. Oh, you practicing? I'm, I'm prac. I'm practicing. Oh, I'm practicing. I'm practicing. I think I'm thinking, I'm thinking about popping the, You know, popping a question maybe about, maybe in the summertime. In the summertime. Yeah. The only question I'm asking is a how much, so how much y'all paying me? And that's the only question I'm asking. I don't know what you talking about. No, no.


I, I Wait, who pay? Who, who, who gonna pay you? I don't know. I'm gonna get me a job. Hell, I gotta get some jobs like you. Oh yeah. I got, yeah, I got 50, 11 of them thing. Oh, You know, I'm, I'm out here in, I'm out here in LA for work. I gotta drive. I gotta drive to San Diego in the morning. You gotta drive to San Diego. Why didn't you just go to San Diego? 'cause I had to make a piss stop in here. I got some meeting I gotta take in the morning. Oh, okay. You hear me? I got some good meeting I gotta take in the morning. I got some good stuff. I got some good news and be able to tell you And I talk to you about and yeah, I've been, and yeah, I'm get mad. I'm finna get mad. Whoa.


Before you get married, pay my 5,200. Why am I, I need that. I need that for the window. Nah, I I'm gonna crash it. Anybody I that ain word gonna be Finn to Honda. I can imagine. And you remember that episode, A different World When, when Dwayne Wade, when she was, when Willie was finna marry the other dude. Oh yeah. A different world. Hey boy, that was so funny. Does anybody object? I do. Willingly. I love you. Hey boy.


That, Hey, that was funny, man. That was funny. I, I wouldn't if that ever absolute happened. No, I, I I doubt it. I I doubt anyone has been in the wedding in that, in that setting. And the pastor has said, does anybody object? Object to them getting married or whoever the word is. He says, I doubt somebody actually stood him and said, yes, I object. I doubt that. How you gonna marry this guy? We were just together last night, honey. I'm telling all y'all already know. I tell it. You think that happened before? I doubt it. I doubt it. Yeah. Hell no. Yeah. I ain't tell it. I don't think. I don't think so. First of all, anybody that I've ever been with that's gotten married, I ain't know nothing about it.


So I wasn't nowhere around. It wasn't like I was going, it wasn't like they going invite me. You never know. I mean, they look, they like, Shannon, look, I got out. Does somebody wanna be with me? Right. And You know what Shannon? You great to have fun with. Yeah. Shannon, you not gonna get married. Oh, hey, so unc, you the fun guy. So you like, you like future. They look at me because they look at Ocho, you look at a guy And you say, okay, look how driven he is. Look how he takes care of his body. Right, right, right, right. They, they like, I'm always gonna be second. You never gonna put me first.


I like, I like that. I like that.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players. The always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay. We'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to Roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I am Camila Ramon Pelotons first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur and almost most importantly, a per enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami, a enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Asho is where sports, music and fitness collide And we cover it all. Riva sit downs with real game changers in the sports world like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Shumate, who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It All changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know, you're not Latina enough. First of All, what does that mean? My Mouth is wide open. Yeah. History makers like the Suat family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LP gto, winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Kira k Dixon, NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to say all my Miss America, by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads. Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not, not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap, tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with me and Kira and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Like this. See, uncle, You know what you need to do. You know what you need to do. You have to learn to be intentional so you can put an individual first and still have your same regimen. You can still be structured and disciplined in all that you do is the exact way you are. But still be intentional about your partner. You can do that And you just don't want to. I'm in, I'm in with my choices and my decisions that I make. If I make 'em, I'm making 'em for a reason. I take your word for it, Ocho. I ain't, I ain't gotta, If I made me a profile Ocho, ain't nobody gonna believe it's me.


There they are. You know, with the profiles you could, you could FaceTime and stuff. Oh no, I don't do that. FaceTiming you gotta build up some time. You gotta build up some time to get me to FaceTime. I don't like that FaceTime. Yeah, no, you gotta build up some, but that's, that's a little bit more intimate than talking on the phone. I, I, I butt down as FaceTime at 7:00 AM Then she called me back at one. Did you need something? If I need it, I don't need it. Uhuh you gonna call me back five hours later talking about that. I need something. I know who I'm not calling if I'm ever in trouble, if I be jail Ash, I'm not calling.


I was like, oh, hell no. Ojo. I've never, I've never talked to my brother or my sister on FaceTime or my mom. Oh, you can't, you can't do that. My sister not 2025. You got involved. What? What are we talking about? My homeboy, if look, if I, if if me or my homeboy, we accidentally call somebody. Well I take, Hey bro, you calling me FaceTime. What's up? My sister, my sister And I, I I've never talked to my brother, my sister or my mom on FaceTime. Really? The only, my, my oldest daughter's the only one. My son. Like he just had the baby or he had a child. He would FaceTime me something like that.


My youngest daughter And I ain't calling him no FaceTime. No, you gotta build up time for you to get FaceTime. You don't have to build no time for, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Lemme get this chat. Y'all. Y'all stay with me as for a second. Yeah, no, come on, come on. Because I the chat not Finn agree with you. Whatever you getting ready to say chat. Y'all FaceTiming off the rip. Yes. Waiting for it. You acting like ti is some type of privilege. Ain't, it's a part of technology. It's a way to communicate. What are we doing? What are we talking about? We overthinking And we analyzing too much. You gotta come outside that box. What you need to see me for.


It's a little bit more intimate to be able to see the person you actually talking to. To see the reaction. To see their facial expressions. Like what, what what are we doing? You don't make them earn that. I don't, a man, I don't know. Hey, I put that up. FaceTime. FaceTime. Listen, listen. So lemme so lemme get this straight. So lemme get this straight. Lemme make sure I mute you correctly. So talk to me. Let's just say you meet somebody, you get their number right. You FaceTiming off the rip. Off the rip. Oh, I need to see. Whoa. Whoa man. No way. Listen to me now this man stay with me in the mornings.


I need to FaceTime me. I need to see what I'm waking up to. I went, I need to see you in your natural state. Let's start there. I don't wanna see you dolled up. If I'm choosing to choose you as a life partner, who am I getting? I'm not getting what I see on Instagrams. You hear me? I don't need to see you dolled up when you call me in the morning. That what you gonna get that, that's fine. You know, And you gonna get black. You gonna get it blacked out. That's what you gonna get. Hey Uhuh. Hey listen, there's so many things we need to work on. I need to be a therapist or something. No, you don't need to be nothing. I need, I need to be a therapist man. I don't want you to be nothing. They gotta, they gotta earn the right to FaceTime y'all out off the rip.


Come on. Y'all gotta go. Yo. Man, you can't FaceTime off the rip. Damn. So hold on. I gotta, you won't FaceTime at the rip, but if she wanted to have a one night stand, you'll pop one them sparks quick. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. I done got too old. I done got too old And I got too much at stake for a one night stand. Nah, them days over O Joe don't do that either. Since what you I I I I've never been. Nah, I'm, I'm, I'm outta that. Hold, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Oh, hell no. You ain't finna do this. Not today. Not on Monday. What's the today, Monday. Well, it's curious on where you are. It might be Tuesday. Some places. I'm just curious. I don't mean to be in your personal business.


Yeah, but listen Anthony, what you got like a 30 day rule, six day, 90 day rule. You have to see how things are going. You have to Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Extremely cautious. What are you doing? Extremely. Ain't no ain't no, ain't no more. One night stands ain't no more. I you meet somebody And we go get a hotel or No, that ain't, that's, that's done. That's over. I'm good. Yeah, I'm, listen, I ain't never done it either. I was just curious to see where your mind was at though. Okay, I got you. I got you. Damn that. Y'all, y'all do your thing. But y'all learn when you got money you track real carefully. Yeah, extremely, carefully.


Yeah, but y'all do that. I can't believe you don't FaceTime on a man. I, I need, I need to see you. I need to see you. I I I need to see you. I need, listen, when I call you in the morning, have on your scarf and have on your bonnet. I need to see you. I don't need to see you dog though right now until it's 50 50. It's yeah. Ah hmm. Hey, that's so sexy. You heard me? Huh? You ever see a woman earlier in the morning with a bonnet on? Yeah. Huh? Got a scarf on? Yeah. And you see that Joe looking. Oh man, that it's a beautiful thing.


It's a, it's a beautiful thing. Lord Joe. Not out the real o Give some time. Maybe, maybe, You know, days, two months in Arthur real. You gotta, you, You know what, I gotta walk away. Who in the hell you gotta wait two months to FaceTime? Two months, boy. Hey boy, you, you run a tight, you run a tight shit, boy. I went ocho, when you run a tight shit ojo. I, I was dating one time. I went two years without FaceTiming. What, what, what, what are we doing?


What, what, what, what are we doing? Bang. Over your back. I'm telling you man. Hey y'all, y'all be, Hey, y'all be moving fast out here. It ain't about moving fast. Time is of the essence. What are you waiting for? What are you waiting for? Tomorrow is not promised. You got to learn to live. I've said this all the time. You alive but you not living. It's okay to step outside your box. It's okay to step outside your comfort zone, do things different than what you normally do. The end result might be different for a change. I don't know. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and over.


Every time you meet somebody new and thinking the end result ain't gonna change, that's insanity. Try something different. Nah, I'm good. You know, pull him, slap up a little bit. Do what? Tell open your mouth. Spiting the mouth, aren't you? Oh, Shane, you hear me changing the routine a little bit. You hear me? Yes. Clip upside down. Lord. How works it? Ocho come on. I'm telling you ma'am. Man, it's, it's so, it's so many things like you just surprising for a change.


Okay girl, I'm going to auto zone. Put some clothes on. I want you to drive. Lord have mercy. Speaking of dating sites folk, Joe Eagle's, wide receiver. Johnny Wilson, his dating app profile was found and posted. The internet defensive. Can he not look for a girlfriend too? Johnny active my uniform. I like that. I like that. Ain't nothing wrong with that or no.


All possibilities, all act. Ain't nothing wrong with that. I'm sure he tried it other way. I wonder if I can use somebody else profile and show up. I use, I'ma use tits. I'ma use here. Hey, hey, that, that, Hey. That's funny. Listen. Even, even when you're in FL you gotta understand one. Once you, once you've already made it and once you're already established, once you're in a league, it's that much more difficult to find that partner. It's long, it's, it's, it's that much more everybody talking about, oh, I'm with you for you.


No you're not. No you're not. No, no you're not. And it's, it's okay man. That's just where, that's where it comes into being honest women. They're looking for stability. I need, I need, I need someone that has stability that can provide, okay, I, You know it the Now you do everything. Obviously you want someone that can, that can help you as well. But You know, women look for stability. That, that, that comes as, as a child growing up, you, you're taught that parents teach that you want a man that, that is able to provide someone want a different lifestyle than others.


Now the, the higher up the ladder you try to climb, the more difficult it is to get the kind of man you want. But just stability is very important. Okay? I'm gonna keep that in mind. Ocho. Yeah. Sean McVay says he wishes the NFL never allowed the tush push in the first place. It doesn't look like football to me. What I don't like is the optics of that play looks like a rugby scrum and there is some help and safety things. Well, considering nobody's been hurt by that I mean there is no documentation that something that happened. But maybe you're right. Listen, that makes no sense.


There are many things and many fastest or different parts of the game that are difficult to stop. The tush push is very hard to stop. So they wanna ban it. You know what else they should ban? They should ban Lamar Jackson ass from goddamn running the ball because that shit hard to stop. Right? You know what else, who know? Over there in Cincinnati, Jamar Chase you not allowed to go deep no more. Matter of fact, you not even allowed to catch, shorten any immediate routes because you sometimes you take those 80 and 70 yards. Let's ban Jamar Chase from going deep. Josh Allen on third downs. Third and one. You no longer can do the quarterback sneak.


You know why? Because it's difficult to goddamn stop Patrick Mahomes, we don't want you to make the postseason no more. It's difficult once you get there to keep you from winning. 6, 6, 6, man, come on man. This is ridiculous man. Let's stop the tush. Push. Let's ban it. Please. Yeah. Ban Lamar Jackson from running the ball too. Hell Derrick Henry too. Matter of fact, let's ban Saquon Barkley from running the goddamn ball says we ban stuff. We can't stop Ocho, I got something for you here.


You have one hour to eat this for a hundred thousand ocho. Are you doing it? Oh, that's easy. That's easy. I can't do it. Yes you can. I can't do that man. What the hell? You think I'm a lion? A tiger got no bottles of stomach. What the hell? That's only four burgers. There's a, there's a reason that they put four drinks there and chicken nuggets and them drinks and them fries. I'm not doing that. Ocho, I can't eat that. I know me. Yeah, two Big Macs and 20 piece McNuggets and large Fry. That's gone bro. Do you realize how long ago that's been?


No. Can eat that. You can in an hour. Kobe. Kobe. Hey what's what's the dude name? The hotdog Kobe? Yeah. If you can eat all them hot dogs, you can finish them burgers And you listen. You have the four sodas there to wash everything down right away to make it go down easy. No, trust me, you can. You know what? The word can't shouldn't benu Joey Chestnut. Eat that in five minutes. Probably could. Chestnut. Probably could. I can't. Ain't no, ain't no, ain't no look. I don't have the desire. I can't eat like I once could. Once upon a time.


Yeah I could eat, I could eat two big Macs, 20 piece nugget, large fry, large large drinks, super size hold. Let's keep everything, let's think. Keep everything in the context. Unc, the word can't. Should not be in your vocabulary. I cannot, we learning a hundred thousand. Yes you can. I'm not making myself sick with that. So you can't, you can't eat that for a hundred thousand then that means you don't need that 5,200 either. I need that for 52. I can eat it for 5,200. I can't do it for a thousand. I can do it for 5,200 though. Man joke. Oh man, hold on.


That's 1, 1 2, that's 12 nuggets. That's a, hold on. That's a double quarter. That look like two two double corner pounders. Three double four, four double quarter pounders, a medium fry, large fry and four oh hell. Hell to the, no it's a 20 piece and four quarter pounders. But it look like they got double B double quarter pounders. Yeah. Oh hell no. Now you got four cheeseburgers. Right. I don't want no cheese though because after that first burger it's over that first burger with cheese.


If ain't no lactate around. Yeah. Wrap. You done, huh? Nope. Yeah. Okay. That, that's understandable. Now there are other, now, now you've given me other factors and reasons why you wouldn't be able to eat it. Yeah. Okay. I got it. That's understandable. I don't see, I know me, I know what's going to impact me. Hey, I go up there and it's like, hey, if I see, if I see a fruit, if it's just apples I bypass. I don't want none of that. Apple peels. Right. Gone. Chocolate milk gone. I don't even fool, I don't even fool with it. I don't touch no dairy unless I got lactate. I always got me a little kit. Shelly made me a little kit.


I got Benadryl, I got Zyrtec, I got Claritin, I got lactate, I got Advil, I got towel off. Yeah. Get back a little kit. If I ain't got that kit, I'm good. I don't touch no ice cream. I don't do none of that. Mm. And then have to get on a plane because I'm not going on no bathroom, on no plane. That ain't never gonna happen. You ain't gonna use the bathroom. So you ain't never man, you ain't never do nothing to on the planet. Never. It ain't, Lord, please don't let that happen to me by myself Lord. Oh. And you can't, you can't, you can't live like that boy. You, you can't. It, it's just, it's, you have too many rules man.


You have too many rules man. You just hold up Chad. Y'all see them bathrooms on the airplane man. People done peed all over the back. Come on though Joe. So you don't, my foot, I take, I take my knee or something And I ain't put, I ain't touch nothing on my hand. Never. Jungle rock. You dress the toilet seat up with toilet tissue. No. Two times. You put two layers on it And you sit down. Oh my god. You just bunk over any, oh hell are you, you tripping. You tripping man. Gonna the bathroom, you go to the bathroom baby, you go to a restaurant, you go to the bathroom, you in the gym, you go to the bathroom.


Yes. You on a plane? Hell no. Yes. You layer the seat with toilet tissue twice. No. And second of all, I'm too big. What you mean you're too big man, I be, Hey I have, I need the door open. No, my And I lay in the ocho. Yeah, you ain't, you ain't gotta, you ain't gotta sit, you don't have to sit all the way down. You can squat with my hips and my knees. Oh yeah. Yeah. They, well you ain't gotta, well, damn, how long, how long you gotta use the bathroom? Hey, you get out your system and stand back up. Man, look here. Hey man, when I could normally go out to hop down, up off it.


Hey man, I'll let y'all have that one. I go, hey, I like to be pee. I like to be spread out. I like no clothes. I'm butt naked. All my clothes folded up nice and neat. I just, You know, I, I'm, You know, I'm like this here. I ain't bothered nobody. Right. I got you. But but listen, circumstances change based on environment and where you at can't, I can't on the airplane, you can't get naked. See, I dont wanna go onto your ankle And you squat. Layer it up if you want stretch. Wanna comfortable. Okay, I got you. I understand. Nah, I'm good.


You eat anything too? I'm Oh you, part of the reason why I'm never sick is because I eat anything. Part of the reason why I never probably got hurt because I eat anything. Well, You know. Alright Ocho time for our last segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. Ginger Carver said, look, we got 8,000 people watching in the beginning of the show. Each of y'all need to super chat. $20. Hey, I'm been doing, what's the, what's the guy name that? Yeah. Barbara Sap lock the do ocho lock.


The do ocho lock. The do we got 8,000 in the chat. We got 8,000 in the chat. How much do we need from everybody? $20. Hold on. Okay, if we get 20, I'm, I'm not a math major. So if we get 8,000 people who get $20 for every person, how much is that? Alright, lock the lock the nobody log off. Don't nobody log off. I need everybody to chat to Gimme 20. That's funny. It costs money to listen to us. Hey, close eight, close them doors.


S you younger me to say close the door. Yeah. Don't forget it. Starting And you gotta start the speech off. You know God in the Bible if God loves And you forgiver, yes. If you want your cup to runeth over, the more that you give, the more that you'll receive. And now that's not my word. That's his word. 25. I'm gonna send you this prayer cloth. I'll pour some, I'll put some anointing off this olive oil that I sprayed on this. So it's already been blessed.


Appreciate that jj, Dr. Frankie Bellamy says, oh, what are you willing to change? Dare I say modify to find your first lady. Remember, just because you been, it doesn't mean you're broken. Mm. Okay, doc, lemme tell you what, I'm not willing to modify. Talk to me Now. You not gonna pass gas in front of me. You not gonna go poop with the doors open and talk to me. That's, and and, and one more I don't like when you burp in front of front. Oh, oh my God. No, you can't. You man, I might be willing to modify it.


Now if, if you, You know, if it's one of them are, excuse me. But if you Oh no, you got to go. You have to some of the greatest conversations, right? Stay with me real quick. Some of the greatest conversations, if you live with a woman, some of the greatest conversations that can be had in intimate moments when she's using the bathroom or using the bathroom and the door's open some greatest conversations. So you are missing you, you are missing valuable time and opportunities to have some of the most uncomfortable conversations that we, we ain't finna have no conversation. We ain't got nothing to talk about. You can't, y you can't.


Hey, I would man, I, I don't like, don't talk. You know, we, when I was in and, and with the Bronco Thera guy coming, Hey man, man, shut up. We ain't got nothing to talk about. Do what you gotta do and get up outta here. The hell we talking for,


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players. The always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns and combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Camila Ramon Pelotons first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur and almost most importantly, AEO enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami Apre enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Asho is where sports, music and fitness collide And we cover it all. Sit downs with real game changers in the sports world like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Humate, who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It All changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know, you're not Latina enough. First of All, what does that mean? My mouth Is wide open. Yeah. History makers like the Suka family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It Was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPG tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to save former Mr. America by the way. And we've got the podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some golf apps and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf. They're superpower All just people we like. Plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads. Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle Lee, Heather McMahon, Amanda ba Otis. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap, tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One Founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Nah, hell nah. You tripping. That's I I I'm willing to modify. You know what doc, You know what, how about this. Here, I'll, I'll go on vacation. I'll get you one. I'll give one va get one vacation a year. Guaranteed. Maybe Mike can sneak in a work vacation where, You know, we go And I I'm supposed to be working but You know, hey you enjoy that. I'll do this thing And we do what we do. So I got 1.5 vacations a year. What else? I'm allergic to shellfish so we can't do that. I'll, it sounds like I got a lot of rules, but I really don't have a lot of rules.


I don't really think that's asking her much. Ocho the rules you do have are too strict. You don't have a lot of rules. But the ones you do have, it's like, it's it's human nature. She can't pass gas. She can't dirt. She can just not around me. Just go to the bathroom. Aunt Joe. You said if she go to the bathroom, she gotta go in a whole nother part of the house. Look, ojo. This is what this, this is what I do. Like if I'm home alone, she home alone. Go to the bathroom. But we go separate areas. I mean she go, bro, we got six bedrooms. Go to one of the bedrooms and do that.


That's so unnecessary. I got a bathroom, the hallway bathroom. That's for guests. I don't go in there. I got a bathroom around the corner. That's for me only, only me. You don't, you don't, you don't, you don't hear how ridiculous that sounds. Do what? That sound like a prison. It ain't no prison but it, that's, it sounds like a prison. That's all I'm saying. That's it. I don't think that's asking too much. It is. And you almost spoil You gonna be la you gonna have a lap of luxury. You could, You know what? You could live in a lap of luxury and be able to do what you wanna do.


Nah, no, no. Nope, nope. No, no, no. Well we differ. My my baby can pee. She could, she could fall, she could burp. She could do use the bathroom. You can do number two and just and talk to me. I can hear you. And just, and and more thing, one more thing Ocho. When you go in there, can you cut the fan on? 'cause I don't wanna hear you pee either. What's your, oh, every time I go to the bathroom, I turn the water on. I turn the water on. They laugh and they act. Why you turn the water on? 'cause I don't want you to hear me peeing.


Oh my God, dude, you can't be serious. I would never go even eat. Hey, even, even at night when I go to the bathroom And I, the water's running, I close the door, I cut the fan on. I go pee, cut the wash. My hands come up outta there. Nah, uncle, you're tripping man. I'm not, I'm not tripping off none of that. None of that. I can't stand it. Now you that Now you talking about go some zero to 60. Let somebody go pee with the bag, the door open. Oh man, that what whatcha gonna do. Throw it man. Huh? You gonna tell her to leave close That mofo dope.


It'll be cool. How much thought you put it to Lincoln? The five you on a roll? It ain't, I mean look, I mean I don't really put a whole lot of thought into it because it's happening. So, because I don't know kind of the direction that we're gonna go in. And so, You know, obviously OK C's on, You know as Stephen a is talking about OKCI was like, if I get something, I tell what, what goes OKC? K-L-C-U-F-C. Okay. S-G-A-S-G-A-P-G-A such and such. I mean, so it just, but you gotta be, it's gotta be, it's gotta be on the spot like the rockets today.


I'm like damn. Rocket rockets we'll go with rockets. Sockets pockets, dockets. Okay. Light sockets, court dockets, empty pockets. Legacy. Fired. Fired. Dan Boeing says Unc always be trying to get O Joe to run him. His money codified out. You still owe Big per for a bet you made last year. Man, I forgot about that bet. Oh, and then the man gonna hit me up talking about send red solo cups too. See I, I bet you a case I or a case a shea on La Poitier it man.


Go talk about seeing red cups too. Chip nor Wood Jr. Said, oh, my question is, where do you see the bulls in the next three to five years? And do they make the playoffs? Man, they got the brakes beat off them tonight. OKC Woo man, they got some good players. I like Kobe White, Josh Giddy is really good. Belli Vic, they got some good players, but man, the Sussex ain't going nowhere. The Cals aren't going anywhere. Brunson is hurt. So the Knicks are right there. Now the question is, does Milwaukee break up Giannis?


Does Giannis want out because I don't really see them. Playoffs, yes, I can see them making the playoffs, but I don't see them going too far. Tyra said, where does Deshaun Watson trade rank amongst the worst trades in history right now? It's the worst. Yeah. Herschel Walker's next because it turned the Cowboys into a dynasty. So you, I be theoretical, you could see the Cowboys. I mean the Herschel Walker trade is the worst because it turned, it turned the Cowboys into a dynasty. They drafted Emmett Smith and they got Russell, Maryland.


They got all those Darren Woodson and all those guys. But Deshaun is, Deshaun is up there. It's one of the two worst trades in NFL history that I can recall. Plus You gave up three first round picks. The picks happened to be CJ Stro, will Anderson Jr. And what was it, was it Tank Dale? I think Tank Dale was one of those picks. Or Nico Collins. It might've been Nico Collins Ojo. But one of them ended up being the pick one of those picks.


2 23 Lincoln, if the Browns can get your door and get a good quarterback, good quarter, good quarterback play from him. How far can they go? How good a play can they get from him? Dale, Kansas City. You see them stepping off a cliff? Baltimore, you see them stepping off a cliff? Absolutely not Buffalo. You see them stepping off a cliff? Absolutely not. It seems like the Broncos are here to stay. The Chargers are here to stay. I think that's five or six teams I named right there. Ocho. Yeah.


And, and everyone you just named, they're not stepping off a cliff simply because of the quarterback play that's not even mentioned about the acquisitions that they have offensively and defensively. Ocho Tyran wants to know what's up UNC and Ocho. If somehow the Steelers don't, don't get Aren Rogers do they need to trade up to get a quarterback in the first round of the draft? That's not really the Steelers. Mo Ocho, right? Yeah. They like to stand Pat. They don't like to give up their draft capital. I don't see them doing it. You heard Mike T says, Hey, we're comfortable with him. We are familiar with him. We feel they can get the job done. That that was a lie, but okay.


Tedo say one day, I hope I can get Roman reigns on this show. Might just happen. The break room. You guys are awesome. Chad, keep representing the 3 0 5 top three male singers ever talking about voice, not sales or popularity. Voice by itself. Marvin Gaye. Marvin, I, I gotta, I gotta throw Luther Luther in there. Luther, big Luther or Lil Luther? You know both of the mo both of them Mofos could sing. Yeah, I go back and forth. O Joe with who?


I love Maxwell. Okay. I love Donny Hathaway. Oh, And I love, I love Teddy Pendergrass. But You know what, I'm gonna go Sam Cook. Woo. That's a good one. Listen, everybody just named you can't even go wrong now. As long you Hey, you got Marvin. You got Marvin Gaye and Luther Classics. Well, you just named Legends too. The ball of Shock call in 1999. How would you handle knowing your ex moved on fast after being together for nine years? I'm just asking because this was my first serious relationship and I'm 26 years old.


How would, how would you handle it? You want it out? Y'all broke up. What do you wanna do? Yeah. I and, and people got you guys say to me, talking about, man, you ain't gonna heal the quickest way to heal. The quickest way to get over one Right. Is to have another, to get up under you. You ain't, but you ain't. Okay. I look that he said that's his first serious relationship. They were together for nine years. He's 25, so that means they together Ocho You know how long, so You know how long they've been together? Yeah, man. 26 years of age. They've been together nine years.


That means they were together since he was 17. You know that first love. Yeah. It's hard. Hard to get over that it, hard to get over that. It is, it's, it is, bro. And that thing hurt. Yeah. And she was special. Special. You know, she could, You know what I'm saying? Don't joke. Yeah. But listen, he's, she's special. Special because that's really probably all, You know anyway. True. Probably all You know. Anyway. But again, after you, after you go through it a few times, it, it becomes much easier. You don't even get upset. You'll be a little disappointed, but getting upset. Oh no. Next, next, Ocho JJ McCarver said before he leave Ocho, you gotta explain this spit spitting the mouth thing.


Wait, explain. Spitting the mouth Oto. Freaky. Well what, what are you doing? You what? You, you what? Spitting the out boy. You ain't, you ain't meant the right one. What you mean what is what am what? Explain it often without explanation. Yeah. What you talking about? Man, listen, I, I seen one of my tutorials. You hear me? Man, y'all don't, ocho freaky. I seen one of my tutorials. Freak man. Freak man. What? Marco Hamilton, please give my wife Paula Pamela Hamilton. A happy anniversary. Shout out. We got married on April Fool's Day and my birthday is April 7th, 1968.


Just Papa Rose, spark, Marco and Pamela. Happy anniversary. Hopefully you guys did something. Really? Really? Oh, it's, y'all got married on April Fool's Day, so Ooh. And you got a birthday coming up two for one. Two for one? Mm. I ain't getting mad if I, when I get married, don't you? I ain't getting married nowhere near my birthday because I don't want y'all to bundle it. I don't want y'all, because You know you got a birthday in Christmas or close to close to Christmas. Don't you like December your birthday on Christmas or your birthday in December 20th though. Oh no. I want all my Cameron McQueen, uncle Ocho.


Can I get a birthday shout out. It's my last year in my twenties. Do you think the Steelers are becoming the new Cowboys with playoff struggles? By the way, love the show. Cameron. Happy birthday, bro. Oh bro. Last year, your twenties about to be three. Oh, where you going? Look, enjoy 30 because it should be slowing down for you. You should know exactly what you want to do. Yeah. Work. But your life is headed. The partner. Cameron, you got this, bro. Yes. No, the Cowboys not gonna be the skill because you're never gonna hear from the Rooneys. Mike Tomlin is the mouthpiece. He's the front of that team and Jerry don't want anybody to overshadow him.


So no, nobody's gonna be the Cowboys. Thank you guys for staying up late with us. We greatly, greatly appreciate that


Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boo Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join their Nationwide 5G network today.


Y'all know me. Your favorite up. Shannon Sharp. Liberty City's own bingo Ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro. Chad Ochocinco Johnson, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you. We know it's late. We greatly appreciate you staying up with us and spending time with us. Go for make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We have it in stock. If you cannot find it in a city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please direct responsibly and stay safe. Make sure you check out by media company pages on all of its platforms. She media and my clothing company 84.


84 being spelled out. Everything is restocked. Lincoln's pinned at the top of the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Save for Work tour went on sale last week. Eight stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, Los Angeles, Miami, New York. Chicago. Detroit. Tickets can be found@sheamedia.com slash tour. The link is pending in the chat. Guest line up is shaping up real nice. Can't wait for you guys. Come out, check us out. You won't be disappointed. Go get your tickets now. Thank you. Kiki Rice, UCLA. Outstanding guard joins us.


She joined us UCLA. The Lady Brewers are going to the final four for the first time in that program's history And we greatly appreciate her. We wishing her the best in the final four. That concludes and the Lakers beat the Rockets 1 0 4, the 98 Lake Luca, Dorian Finney Smith, and Gabe Vincent. Each had 20 points. LeBron and Alster Reese shipped in with 16 and 12 points respectively as they win a close ball game. 1 0 4 to 98 to stay in the fourth spot. I'm oh, he ocho. We will see you Wednesday. The Volume.


Hey, all you women soups, fans, and folks who just don't know yet that they're women's soups fans. We've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire and everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa. Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each Week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game. Right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now. Y Allall for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival. Presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. T Miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas Red Rascal, flex Cole. Swindell. Sam Hut. Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now at ticketmaster.com.