
Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete, or how the best in the sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League One Volleyball's podcast serving pancakes. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about the sport itself and what it takes to stand on the podium. I'll be joined by top athletes and figureheads in sports as we dive deep into match play mindset and memories from years past. And you can guarantee that pancakes will be on the menu. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello. Hello. Malcolm Gladwell. Here. I want to tell you about a new series we're launching at Pushkin Industries on the 1936 Olympic Games, Adolf Hitler's games, fascism, anti-Semitism, racism, high Olympic ideals, craven, self-interest, naked ambition, illusion, delusion, all collide in the long contentious, up to the most controversial Olympics in history. The Germans put on a propaganda show and America went along with all of it. Why? Listen to this season of revisionist history on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Welcome to In Case you Missed it, with Christina Williams, the podcast that's your go-to source for women's hoops. From buzzer beaters to Breaking News, I bring you the highlights, analysis, and expert insights you need to stay ahead of the game. The people have spoken, and it's time to give the stories that matter most. The spotlight. Listen to in case you missed it, on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. And remember, in case you missed it, don't worry. I've got you covered. Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One, September 20th and 21st T-Mobile Arena, here in Las Vegas Stream Live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Cab, Don Cat, Dua Lippa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the block.


Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows, Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, and more buy tickets now with axs.com. New from Embedded. Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics, but it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man? Hear about the long history of sex testing women athletes on Tested a new series from CBC and NPRs Embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume,


The 82 Game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sportsbook has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino. When resort in Kansas, 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The playoffs are upon us the best place to watch right there in person. Gametime is an authorized ticket marketplace for playoff basketball, which makes getting playoff tickets even easier and faster. Prices on Gametime apps actually go down closer. It gets to tip off with killer last minute deals. All in prices. Views from your seat. The lowest price guarantee Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. Save even more when you choose a section and let Gametime choose the seat. The lowest price guaranteed or Gametime will credit 110% of the difference. Take the guesswork out of buying playoff basketball tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code Nightcap for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code Nightcap, N-I-G-H-T-C-A-P for $20 off download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


Hello, I'm Shannon Sharpe and I'm a role sponsor. Do you want hotter, more spontaneous sex? Rose Sparks can help Sparks offer dual action prescription treatment that's given men stronger and harder. Erections Rose Sparks works faster than other treatments because they're dissolved under the tongue and go directly to the bloodstream. Why does that matter? Because now when the mood is right, he'll be ready. Normal waiting for that pill to kick in. Plus, Rose Sparks stays active in your system for up to 36 hours. But when you get around, hey, whew. You get hard without waiting. With Rose Sparks, guys can get more confidence in band, more satisfaction for their partners and more control when it's sexy time. RO connects guys with a medical provider a hundred percent online. There's no awkward conversation with an in-person. Doctor, if approved treatment shifts directly to the door to find out prescription for role sparks are right for you. Connect with a provider@ro.co slash Nightcap url. That's ro.co/ Nightcap. Compounded drugs are permitted to be prescribed under federal law but are not f approved. For full safety information, visit ro.co/info.


Yeah. Yeah. Y'all saw the Provo to start that thing off? Yeah. Sparking it up. That's what we do. Thank you for welcome. Thank you for watching another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite Aunt Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite. Number 85, the route runner extraordinaire. That's me. The binga ring of Fame artery. The legendary legend, pro bowler. All pro. All pro from Liberty City. Y'all know him from the bottom. Chad Ochoco Johnson. But y'all just call him Mocho. Please make sure you hit that like button. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. And thank you guys. Why you laughing at They all They going, y'all see that? Y'all see that?


Yeah. That what we do alone. Guys, do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. And remember, every subscriber counts And. we greatly, greatly appreciate your support for over a year. Make sure you go check out Shaa by La Portier. We have it in stock. And guess what? If you can't find it in a city or a state near you, we'll ship it right to your front door. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms, Shehe Media and my clothing company. 84. That's 84 spelled out and the link is pinned at the top of the chat. Guys, y'all, y'all going crazy? These chat. What y'all see what happened? What happened? What Happened pro? What happened?


Why they hide The Pro Bowl? You know we got a little pro for the thing. Those sparks, we sparking it up. Hold on, hold on. I ain't, I ain't get to see it. Nah, you can't see it. But you know we gonna get, we gonna ship you some samples though. Well get to it though. Okay. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Guys, we gonna get right into it. Caitlyn Clark breaks the WNBA rookie assist record and the win over the storm. She already held the record for the most assistance single game, which is 19, which she set the final game before the All Star. And now she's in the record booked once again with a third assist. Today she set a new single mark set by a rookie.


Clark passed Tisha ero, who had 2 25 with the Sacramento Monarchs in 1998. Before y'all say the WNBA season was shorter, ERO set the record in 30 games. Clark broke the record in 28 games. Yep. There are 12 games left in the season. Clark left the game with one 17 left one assist away from tying the WNBA record with three straight games of 20 points, and at least 10 assist more. Coach Quinn knew a few full well what was going on effectively Stopping cart from getting the double double by pulling her team with 90 seconds left. The Seattle coach was unhappy. That sides, who's the head coach of the fever Right.


Didn't immediately substitute at the exact same time and then check a look at the video. Yeah. Skylar Diggin Smith did this. You think that was an accident, don't you? Hold On, hold on, hold on, hold on. Oh, That no accident. She sped up. Yeah. Yeah. She sped up real quick. Hey. Yeah. Make me, you know, she little. I don't, I don't say no hate. No, Jess. I mean that's what it's, you think so? Yeah. I mean, listen. Oh. Oh Joe, This been going, this been going on? No, Joe, listen. What We witnessing, what we witnessing, man from Caitlyn Clark.


I know we not talking about Angel Reese now, but we witnessing right now for two young ladies that are coming to this season. It's been a good thing for the WNBA. We have more eyes watching, more viewership. The revenue is gonna start to change. The pendulum for the WNA players Yes. Is going to be lopsided in favor of them. I I, I really think they shouldn't have any, any, any hatred towards young ladies that are doing well. I know they might be ruffling a few feathers because the, of the attention that they're getting, it's, it's a good thing. Unc. Everybody gonna eat. It's everybody. Everybody gonna eat. Ain't no need to be, but I'm just trying to But on, lemme ask you this. When I just saw Asia go off.


Yeah. Ain't nobody walking in bumping into her cooking. Ain't nobody, ain't nobody Finn Bump agent don't play that. Come on now. You know They ain't bumping into the story. But you know who, What? Know who Clark Not to If I'm Caly Clark. Yeah. I told SC Dickins, get your coat your brim and get on outta to I gym. Get your coat your hat, You now our gym. I like that. I like that. That's a good one. I, I, oh, I, I, oh now. Oh you don't. Oh, I'm going. Right. Get that very high. Come on. Get high. People, people, people. Yeah. I don't, I don't think She people, I'm getting the hype. Yeah. I don't think she got, I don't think she got that in her. She, she not. I mean she, she's a dog through her style of play, through her play.


She's the dog. I don't think she has that, that trash Talk. Hey y'all stop me foolishness. Y'all see the woman speed up. Y'all see her? Kay Clark is getting the crowd going. Y'all see Skylar Diggy speed up to make contact with her. Stop this y'all man. Could that corn our girl bustle y'all ass. Y'all said she too weak. She can't do this. She leave the wwn BA and assist. She cooking. Let her clo let her cook. Hey, she did. Speed. Look at the speed walk. Watch the speed walk. Ooh Yeah. Let that girl talk. She cutting ass help her.


Hey, she like a double-edged sword. Ocho she cutting ass left and right. Yep. Both sides. Cutting ass. Hey, she, she, Hey listen, she doing well for herself. She doing well for I, I would, I would like, I would like the ladies to, to welcome her with open arms and what she brings to the table. What she's, what she's brought to the WNBA as as well as the other rookies that are playing well as well. I know Caitlyn Clark and Angel Reese probably get most of the credit they do and all the news and headlines. Yep. It's a good thing. It is a good thing. 'cause they have a new fan and a new viewer in me and Nah bro, It ain't hype. Y'all people talking. She the great white hype O Joe. They keep talking about she the great I ain't no hype. Y'all said the same thing about La Bird.


Right. I remember I old enough to remember they said the same thing about Lad Bird Ain't nothing hype. Ain't nothing hype about Luca. Ain't nothing hype about yo, yo. I get it. We're not used to seeing she got, oh, she's salty with that thing. Oh yeah. Watching her in person. Oh yeah. Twice I've seen her, I've seen against the ACEs and I saw the all-star game. She's elite. She's the, she's the pinnacle at passing the basketball Ocho take off again. Hey listen, I like it. I've been watching it all season long. I didn't know what to expect. I saw some late young ladies that had been in the WNBA before she got there and saying it. The transition would be a little difficult. It started off a little rocky.


It did. It did, it Started Little Rocky. But look it now, look what it is now. And, and, and imagine improvement year to year on how much better she's going to get. Yes. When she understands the game a little bit more gets activated to the speed of the game. Gets a little stronger. Yes. Yes. Lower her lower extremities, being able to fight through some of those pick man, listen, it can, it can get it, it can get scary now. It can get real scary. A lot of those records that are out there are going to fall. Especially when it, when it comes to assisting the basketball. That's all because she, she has that ability. Yeah. She has the elite level to see things before they transpire. So she, hey, if you run the court and you get your head up, she's gonna find you because the moment she gets the ball, she's looking out, hey, she ain't trying to dribble, show how fast I can dribble the ball.


She's trying to get in the head and get easy buckets in transition. Oh yeah. She's, she's great. She's elite at passing the basketball now is she going to average 30 and 10? Probably not. But you see her scoring is starting to increase. She'll get better, she'll get better at shooting the three, but I don't know if she's ever gonna shoot 42, 40 5% because she's shooting from such great distance And a lot of, a lot of stuff. She's off balance when she take, but that's her shot. Mm. I ain't got no problem with that. Right. But she's a, the transition that you seen her make because she's struggled early on. But great players, regardless of the sport, they figure it out. Great lawyers, great doctors, yo every, no, everybody's not coming in there, you know, right off the rail.


But give 'em a little while. Yeah. They'll get acclimated. They'll figure it out and then you gonna have hell to pay. Yeah. They said the same thing about Luca. Oh, he too slow. Oh, he can't pay no defense. He can't jump. They said the same thing about Yolk. Oh, he fat, he outta shape three MVPs a final MVP later. Now we're talking. Well, when he is all said and done, where are we gonna rank him and run amongst the Great Bigs. Yeah. Same thing with Luca. When it's all said and done, where are we going to rank him when it's all said and done as far now is she gonna win? I mean, Asia Wilson, hell, she might win five, six MVPs. Yeah, she's definitely gonna about to go in her third. She's gonna win that one this year.


Probably defensive player of the year also. So I'm just saying as far as passing the basketball, I'm gonna be shocked if she's not the all time leader in assist when it, when she's done with her career. This team is box office office because they want to see her. Oh, her teammate Kelsey Mitchell. Yes sir. Man, Hey, she let it, she let that thing go. Yeah, she can let it go Ocho. I'm aw man. Watching her against the asy watching her the All Star game. Yeah. Okay. She would let the, On the screen if you wanna. Yeah, man, that lefthand y'all got, she let that thing fly and they got a big and Aaliyah Boston.


Yeah. That can get you a double can average you a double double. And she's averaging a double, double. She had nine points and 15 rebounds today. Oh. She's, she's exemplary. This team is on the come, they need, they, they they're on the come, they, they're, they're, they're a really good team with Caitlyn, Kelsey Mitchell live Boston now. Caly Lou Samuelson. She ain't give nothing today. I don't know what going on with her, but they had a young lady come up the hall with six or seven from the three, eight or 10 from the free, from the field. But man, they're exciting. They're excited no matter what. You think they're showing up to see her? Yeah. It doesn't matter what you think. You can say she hyped. She's not hyped, she's legit.


Right. She can play. It's okay. I don't know when Ocho, when did it become a thing not to give people credit when it's due? Wait, it depends. Have that, has that always been a thing? Hold on. It's always been a thing. Now it depends on who it's, it depends on who the hype is. Depending on who the hype is, they gonna give 'em their credit. Yeah. So you gotta understand. You gotta understand how it works. Now you gotta think like some of the young folk, you gotta think like some of the young folk. If they don't like you, there's nothing that the media or anyone else can say that can change that narrative. No, no, No. How Well, no matter how well that individual is doing, and hell, some people are turned into goddamn Ray Charles knowing how well, how well this young lady is playing and how good and good this she is.


They can't see, they can't see past whatever it is. Whatever reason they might have that they don't like the individual. I I'm just, Hey, I like them both. I like Andrew Reese and Kaitlin Clark. Yeah. And y'all can't make me choose one just because I'm black. Y'all can't make me love the black and hate the white. It ain't happening. They, so y'all might as well go ahead, take that on somewhere else. What your your, what you feel for them. That ain't what I feel. I treat things on an individual basis. I've had white people, that's been great to me. That helped my grandmother out. When my grandmother needed to borrow money and she's like, Hey Mr. Joe, I need to borrow $50. Them boys will pay it back to you. Come summertime when they hit the bills and he gave it to em, gave it to my grandmother so we can pay a phone bill or pay or have food to eat.


Y'all miss me with that bullshit Y'all got? Yeah. I I ain't even say gie tonight bull. Y'all miss me with that bullshit. You well you feeling good today, huh? I just, I just believe it Ocho I've just always been, if somebody's better than me, they just better than me. Right, right, right, right. I ain't what I'm supposed to do, I'm gonna hate on grump. I'm gonna hate on Kelsey. Right. Okay. They, they what you want me to do? I did what I did. I got all I could get outta my ability. Yeah. But because they had more ability. They done better than me. I'm supposed. Ah, man, man, I coulda did that. Who knows. I don't know what I coulda did. I did what I did. Yeah. That's what I did. Yeah. Give up props.


I ain't got, I ain't never a, I just, that ain't, that ain't in me. I guess. You know what Ocho some People can't see past it though. But that's why, and people wonder why they don't get the blessings that someone else ask yourself. See, you think you doing everything right, but see God know your heart. Yeah. See, you can fool everybody else, but you can't fool that man upstairs, sir. And you wonder why, ask yourself. Ask yourself when you are alone and you by yourself. Oh, I like such and such, but it's in here. Can't fool that man. You can fool us. Yeah, Well definitely. Oh definitely.


But it was, oh, Joe, I got a problem with this too. What? Okay, what happened? Caitlyn Clark needed one more assist. Yeah. And if she'd have got the assist, she'd have been what? The third player, I think she'd have been the third player to ever to have 20 points. She'd have tied the record at least 20 points, at least 10 assists and three consecutive ball ballgame. The Seattle storm coach called timeout and took her starters out. Right. So what does that do? It forced the, the fever coach. They're like, oh, well I don't wanna play my, I don't wanna do anything. So she took her starters out. No, I coached my team. Right. You coach yours. You don't want your team on the court the last 90 seconds Sit their ass down.


Right. Hey Caitlin, go get that assist. Right. I'm gonna let her play the entire, if it, it requires the last 90 seconds. Right. I'm not going to let some other coach dictate, dictate my team. Mike would've never done that. They go to Mike and says, Mike, oh Rodney, Rodney need a catch three yards. He'll have a hundred yards. Right. Oh, Eddie need this, TD need that. Hey, 84 need one more catch. And that'll be such 84. Get, Hey, I might have been out 84. Go back in there. Hey, they'll call a stick. They'll call a shallow, they'll call a a wall route. I'm gonna camp that ball a and I'm going up out the game.


Yeah. You are not going to dictate by removing your starters, force me to remove my starters. You coach your team, I'm gonna coach my team and I'll determine how many minutes when they get a break and whatnot. You not gonna do that? Did she take her starters out? She took her starters out because the game was already in already. It was already, there's no question who was gonna win the game. Right. So when somebody else take their starters out, I guess that's the thing in the NBA, you removed your starters off. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. That that, But what it did, it prevented the rookie from tying the record. Record. Okay. Okay. Okay. That's, you know, I I think maybe the coach, the coaches, I'm sure the coaches have a pact.


I'm sure they have some type of pact that they, that they, they stick by somewhat of an unwritten rule. I think in the NFLI think coaches also have a pact. They do not to run the scoreboard up. I mean, you, you know, there, there are certain unwritten rules that I, I don't know all of 'em, but they do have them. Yeah, for sure. Don't do that. That are disrespectful end game. When, when the game is already outta control of you. They have a game of want at game one, like throwing the goddamn ball over and over. Oh, you mean to tell me when you think you going take a knee and the quarterback hands the ball to the running back and he runs the ball in his own. Yeah, Yeah. Like that. Like that pack. Yeah. Yeah. And then people like Ocho and sometimes and you, you tell your running back, listen, if you happen to break through, go down at the goal line as a sign of respect.


And I I, I've seen it plenty of times. You know what I'm talking about? Yes. Yeah. Ocho, you know, in the victory formation. Yeah. When we come out there in victory, I done unsnapped my shoulder pad, everything. I got my chin strap in the back of my helmet. Everything Loose. Yeah. Okay. Now you file if you wanna, I'm gonna fasten this shit. I'm gonna fasten this right back up. I'm gonna cut your ass. So, okay. Now, right. This, it's understood that when we a we And we say, hey, going down, going down, fellas going down, boy down. Okay now. So hey, it's always somebody wanna fire off and try to be a hero. Yeah. Now you add, you add damn near 60 minutes, the five.


Now you down 21 with 45 seconds to go. Now what the hell you think you gonna happen besides get one of your best players cut. 'cause I will cut you. Yeah. And one I'll put my helmet right on your knee. And I won't even feel bad about it. That, that hurt that boy. But the thing is, Ocho, when you beat somebody, you do 'em a favor. Yeah. Because see ocho, if I beat you, if I kick a late second field goal, you gonna say we had a chance And, we have just did this. See I beat your ass by 21. I beat you by 28. Let you know your team not good enough. Right. You didn't coach him well enough and you don't have good enough players. See I do you a favor. Now you can't go in there and selling false hope.


Yeah. Yeah. We was right there with Ocho, man. Oh, hey, all we had to do was make one play here or make there how you lose by 28 and all you had to do is make a player here or there. That's ass whooping. I said, That ass what I do. That's ass whooping. See that's what you supposed to do Ocho. See, grandfather used to always say say boy, if you beat a person, make it break loose. Don't turn him loose. Right. 'cause he, if you turn, don't let somebody break it up. Right. When animals fight, what happens when one get the best up and the the other one take off one running one of those shows. Yeah. There ain't nobody break him up. Ain't no other lion come in. There ain't no other gorilla silverback come in there. Right. When one get the best of him, make it break loose. You going, you ain't gotta worry about it no more. Right.


But no, I'm, I'm not substituting, I'm gonna let her get that ocho Do you understand how long the WNBA and she could have tied a mark? Yeah, they Could have tied that. Yeah. And because oh, you didn't want her to get that record. You gonna take your starters out. Why the hell you have 'em in there that late anyway, if it was such a big deal, if the game was already was no doubt was already already settled, why you got 'em in there with 90 seconds to go and you're down by what you're down by. They, they they should have been out. They should have been out. But you, you think the coaches, the coaches on the sideline and the opposing team understood Yes. That she had a chance to get the record.


They got stabbed people. Of course. Okay. Just like when a player got x amount of points and all of a sudden they start double and triple tee. Right. Make sure he don't get 50. He don't get 60. Hell yeah. They know. Okay. I I was just curious like why while you in game, why would you even know what the other, what the stats of the other person on the other team are Any goddamn where you should be locked in and focused on what your team is doing. But okay, The the same reason when you had those big games and you get, you get a couple of catches early, you got a hundred yards at the halve and then all of a sudden you in the game with 125. Yeah, they new. So guess what Exactly. So they got one over the top and they got one over the, they got that backer that's gonna buzz. They gonna take every out route, every end cut and they got, they got that corner, you ain't running no go route and they dropping that.


So you try to get the over route. There's that mic backer right there. I remember. So you better catch some jailbreak screens. I remember them Days and take those to the house. Oh remember them days?


Our IHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. Streaming live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila, Coveo, Doja Cat, Gwen Stefani, cozier Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows. Thomas Rhett, Victoria Monet. Add more. Get tickets to our 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One right now before they sell out@axs.com.


New from embedded. Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics, but it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man? Hear about the long history of sex testing women athletes on tested a new series from CBC and NPRs embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on its monumental 40th season. Y'all And we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then there's me, Devon Rogers And. We are here to take you behind the scenes of drum roll, please. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, No. The Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Yes. Each week cast members will be joining us to spill all of the tea on the relentless challenges, heartbreaking eliminations, and of course all the juicy drama. And let's not forget about the hookups anyway, regardless of what era you are rooting for at home, everyone is welcome here on MTV's Official Challenge podcast. So join us every week as we break down episodes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Listen to MTV's official challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete or how the best in sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League one Volleyball's podcast, serving pancakes, a new show by iHeart Women's Sports. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about volleyball and beyond. Learn what it takes to be the best in the sport and what it takes to stand on the podium from top athletes and figureheads in sports. Every week I'll dig into the perspectives from some of the best athletes in the world, like with Olympic gold medalist Justine Wong. I will say my journey has not been easy like whatsoever. I've, I've been cut from teams, I've made teams, I've been the starter. I've been a non-starter. And so for me to like say that I made the Olympics, like I immediately started crying And give insights and behind the scenes stories from the people who are making the biggest impacts on global volleyball and women's sports. From the likes of three-time, Olympic medalist, Jordan Larson, I'm finding little ways to like do things differently. And now it's more of how can I help the next generation? You'll also learn about their other dream jobs if they weren't playing on the biggest stage, like from Olympian Lauren Carlini. I'm thinking about Starting a dog walking business, putting that out there for anyone's dogs who need to be walked or watched or fed or Played with. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends.


Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast Presented by the all new Toyota Camry. Whatever your vibe, it's a Camry vibe.


Alright, Ocho Tyreek Hill, officially challenged Noah Lyles. Yeah. 50 yard race. Yeah. Ocho a play. A lot of places have picked up our Lo Noah Lyes interview from last night. Yes sir. Rick saw it and responded. Yeah. Signed the contract. Lock into that 50 yard race. Let's go. I like it. No Ocho like it. That man's ocho that's like saying Ocho. Yeah, that's like saying Noah ly is a hundred meters. He runs the hundred and the 200. Right, Right. You challenged him. Right. But a again, le let's, let's be realistic. Let's be realistic. Tyre Keel is not in track form and nowhere near it would take years for him to be able to run a hundred meters against an Olympian.


Now we, lemme finish, lemme finish, lemme finish. Okay. Where it's even at, where it's even at from someone that's extremely fast and has a fast start. Like Tyreek Hill, who doesn't have the backend speed or endurance or strength to hang with the no allows you make it somewhat, even with a playing field is somewhat even 50, 60 yards. That's why I said that was the first thing I said. I, I tweeted it, let him race 60 yards because the playing field is even at that point, once no allowed get past 50, 60 yards. Ain't nobody keeping up. I don't give a fuck how fast you are because he's built and is trained for that. As a track athlete, You can't challenge Ocho you can't challenge me in something.


Right. And then try to set the terms in which you challenging me. If I challenge Steph Curry to a three point competition. Right. I can't say, okay, we gonna shoot from 12 feet. Right. You challenge the man to a three point competition. Right. You can't say I can bench press more than Aaron Donald and then says, okay, we only gonna do 1 35. If you challenge the man, you got to challenge him at what he does. Yeah. But see that's not fair. You know that. But you Can with so why challenge Him? But that's not fair. Now I I know not Let me tell you why it would be a good race and I'm just being realistic. We know Noah Lou is the fastest man in the world right now based on the time that he ran that at the Olympics in Paris. But Tyreek Hill with the way he gets off right now, it would be a great race.


50 to 60 meters. Anything after 60 Tyreek gonna get, he ain't gonna get beat because have the strength or endurance to maintain the way No allows does based on the type of training he does. So why challenge, why say you can beat him? Because I mean I, okay, you right, you right. I can't speak re I just know, I I just know you would have to handicap it a little bit. No, but you To make it somewhat even to make it even I'm telling you 50, 60 yards. How You gonna say you gonna beat, you gonna beat Steph Curry in the three point competition and then you got a handicap. Okay, Steph, you can only shoot lefthanded. Right. You challenged him. You, you're right, you're right. But I'm just saying, if, if you wanna see something good and something exciting, will you have to hold your goddamn breath Because if we, if they running, if they running a hundred meters, okay, nor Lou's gonna win.


How, how this makes it interesting. Now you talking about 60 with the way reek get out and all they gotta do is hold it now. Now we talking business. Now we talking business. How about this at ocho? Yes sir. How about Reek just settled for being the NFL fastest man. And that's in question with Xavier worthy now? Yeah. In the NFL. So how about that? Is that okay? Yes sir. I mean you think you, you think you hold on, you think he could be challenge Christian Coleman? Why would he challenge Christian Coleman? Okay, that's not fair. That's not fair. Christian Coleman has the greatest start of all time. You know he's not gonna win that. Christian Coleman has one of the fastest 60 meter six meter times of He's a world record holder.


If I'm, yeah, if I'm not mistaken. That's not fair. You ocho how you I know. I'm just, I'm I'm just saying I'm I'm saying you can't ask, You can't challenge somebody that ask to handicap it. You got you have to just a little bit. That's why he said 50 or 60 meters because he knows he can get out and hold it. He can hold that strength and endurance for that amount of time. Anything after that he won't be able to. It's impossible. He he done train, he done train for that. We done, we done saw him. Cha challenge you St Bolt. We done saw him challenge no lives now. So when is it going to end though, Joe? I don't know. I don't know. But I, I wanna see it. I mean we just saw, we saw you saying casually run with sweatpants and sneakers run 4, 2 2.


Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So imagine if he trained because actually he, as a matter of fact he was talking, he said if you get a sponsor give me a month to train. Yeah. I race him in a, in a 40 whatever. That ain't fair. I've been Try, I've been trying, actually I've been trying to set something up. Where you say he and I been talking in the, in, in the dm but he said give gimme a month to train. Gimme, he said all I need is a month. I said, I said, I told him, I said Man you ain't, you had run. He said give me a month. Yeah. Hey that man that ain't fair. Ain't fair once who? Hey listen, Hussein is another one. If you notice all this races, you, you, you notice he's always laughs coming out the blocks.


You ever notice that? And once he gets about 30 meters on and he rides up out that draft phase. Man shit, you might as well strike up the motherfucking band That's You might as well strike up the band. I mean like when I first got the FS one I like, I could outrun Jason Whitten. Well at that point in time I could. You wasn't fast whi fast. I could literally, I knew I could outrun him. Right. Because I was at that point in time, I was still running. Right. Right. And you know, I didn't have, I didn't have the hip issues.


Right. But I developed probably around like late 2017, early 2018 when my hip started bothering me. Right. But prior to that, oh I could have got jc I could have got Gozo too. Yeah, I see for sure two tight ends that, that aren't known for their speed And gates. I told Gates, I used to, because I see Gates, my dog, I told her, I said Gates, you can't, you cannot not run me. Yeah. Not now. Not when, not when I played And. if you take my time, your time, you not outrun. Not you. Yeah. Listen, when it came to making moves at the line that his lateral movement. Oh now that's a different door now. Ooh Man, that joker man. I ain't never seen no. I'm like bro, they know, they, they know Phillip gonna give you the ball.


He was nasty with it boy. He was nasty with it. He was nasty with it. That's the only thing I be like, how did they get did out in the red zone? And they know they gonna throw this man the ball Every Time and they still can't cover it. Every time, Every time I try to get a red zone touchdown, they got two, they they leaving a running back or the full back wide open. They got three men, three men on me and everybody looking around like man, nah why ain't y'all three men go on him and let me get it. I say man The price has been great. It was a great game Today the fever win 92 75. Caitlyn Clark had 23 points, 9 cents, five rebounds.


Kelsey Mitchell had 27 points. Leo Boston had nine point 15 rebounds. And the be what is it Hall had was eight of 10. Six or seven from the three had 22 points. So they win 92, 75. Keep their playoff hopes a lot. What place that 13 and 15 right now? There's 10 games left. We we're they in the playoffs standing Ash there were seven. Only eight teams make. So right now they're in the playoff point right now. Ocho And they started off bad too. Huh? They started off real bad. They Real bad.


That's a good thing. That's a good thing. But you know what, I talked to a, my boy lights out. He hit me up today. Sean Merri. He's like, Man, yeah. He said yeah, Yeah. I'm, Hey, when you and you talk to Miguel, I'm gonna beat his ass. Let him know. Soon as I see him he, I ain't seen him. What? Hey, I, I'm what? I ain't playing. I ain't on site. On site. I'm telling you he gonna be lights out. All right. He's like, Hey let's get these sponsors. We get this thing, let's get Tyreek and Noah Lyes because Noah Fierce, Noah Ro Noah Waste. Oh yeah. Yeah Noah dead ass nor Noah dead ass. He Noah dead ass. But you know what's funny, when, when we think about it and talk about it, Tyreek is dead ass too.


He not just talking just to talk, but if the situation were right and it made sense, he definitely going to do it. It don't make sense. Oh Joe, It makes sense if it's handicapped in his favor a little bit because of who he's having to race against. I'm telling you Unc, he Do Ocho, Ocho, I, I talked it only makes sense to Noah Lowes because he can make more in that one race. Reek can't make 30 million in a race. There's more to lose than gain. He tears a hamstring. He not How long Is he gonna Nothing. Stop thinking like that. Come on man. Ocho We've been running Our life. That's all they do. No he ain't had to dig like this Ocho. That's a whole different ballgame.


Listen, He gonna be all right. Let's not think, let's not think negative. Don't don't even throw negative about That like that. That's why you leaving Ocho once he done with the league once he's done. Nah, that's why. Nah, nah, nah. In the off season man. In the off season. No Hell No. Hey the same way. Like hey listen, when they had the fastest man competition, when was that done? All the NFL players competed off season. All the ones that were fast. When, when was that in the off season? I ain't doing it. Same thing now. You not, I ain't doing it. You can't run. They could run no Ocho. That's why I tell guys, you know snowmobile and then jet skiing. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. The risk reward. Yeah. Yeah. But come On man, you got ocho, you got $190 million contract and you willing to, because you know that's not the NBA.


That's not NF, that's not the NMLB. They don't honor them. You know they don't honor them. Contract Coach o Talk about running running. That's what we do. That's all he does is run fast. Now all of a sudden we're talking about him just run, do what you always do. Run fast. Now we worried about something happening. That's what he does. He runs fast as hell. Not as fast as me, but he, he, he, he scraped. That's why we call him cheetah. I just like It ain't tyreek let it go. No, don't let it go aq. Don't let, don't worry about don't, Don't even worry about it. I got you. What, 50, 50, 60 meters.


And see the thing is, hey, I mean we've, I don't know if we've seen somebody like, like bound, like tight like reek. Yeah. I mean if you look at DG and Rod and guys that ran, they weren't, they weren't, they weren't as muscle bound. Yeah. They, they tall, they And they weren't, they weren't as muscle bound as Tyreek. Tyre is a ball is a, is a ball a Bustle right now. Right now. That's why he's so fast out the goddamn gate. So before you know it, the goddamn motherfucker he up on you and he going by you. Yes. Because it's hard to gauge when you looking until he step on your toes and then it's too goddamn late.


It's too late. Yeah. Yeah. I mean he, I mean if you play off of him, he gonna get you out that back fell in like two steps. Yeah. Right away. And then you Can't run anything. Ain't got no choice Without help over the top ocho without help over the top. How you stop a, how you stop a dig, how you stop a out route. You can't stop nothing intermediate or short. If you plan off, if you get up there and press even if you have help, you gonna miss. So basically everything he running anyway is off to safety. 'cause you're not gonna jam him And if you do now you put, now you got the safety in harm's way. Yeah. You gotta, you got the best chance to jam him is when he's on the road he can't hear the snap cap.


Yeah. He gotta be looking inside Silent, silent count. Yeah. So because he gotta wait till the ball moves and he gotta look and he can't look and you know, he can't see the guy walking down like what you call him got him. Yeah. La leg sneeze. Yep. With The jump. He, Him, he quit jamming. So because normally if he looking, he can hear that snap kind hole and he's looking at you. Okay. Right. You walk up there if you wanna, you can get to what you're looking for. Okay. Ojo Taylor Williams is projecting greatness for himself and Roman Deza the two, the night, the 2024 first round pitch connected on an impressive 44 yard reception during yesterday's 27. Yeah. Three preseason win over the Bengals after the win.


William said he's looking forward to playing alongside a doze and continue to develop their strong connection. We're going to be explosive. We're two rooks, but we're trying to catch up to the old guys as fast as we can to make sure we're right on their par with being able to be as efficient and fun, to be efficient, functional that's Ash and go out there and be explosive. Be on the same page and win games. That's ultimately what we're trying to do here. Having a guy like that was drafted with me. We're going to keep growing and keep building this connection. Yeah. They, they gonna be fine. Listen, I was talking to some friends of mine the other day talking to some friends of mine at Fanatics yesterday talking about my surprise team, you know, for this season.


And I said without even hesitation, it's gonna be the Bears, it's pro, it's going to be the Bears. I understand Caleb Williams. It's, it's really good. He's really good. Watch him play. Look at the way he plays some of the things he did at U-S-C-U-S-C. It has transitioned into the NFL. Yeah. Mind you, he's not even out there playing with all the starters. No. How, how do you say his last name? A A i A doomsday. A dunay. Yeah. Small connection. Small sample size. Now what you think, what happens when they, when you add Keenan Allen to the mix, who I still still believe is one of the top three rock runs in the league, who doesn't get the credit he deserves.


And I've seen some media outlet trying to talk about he's too slow, he's too big, he's too fatten out, man, stop. This is what he does. Then you got DJ Moore, listen, ultimately they're going to be fine. And I think that's gonna be the one team that's surprise everybody because of the quarterback play. And then another thing unc, everybody saying, well we see, we see him scrambling and throwing the ball and making plays. Well Justin Fields was doing that as well. Justin Fields was showing flashes of it. Oh Lord Mur here and there, Let it go guys. And, and now I was trying to explain to him what you have to do at the quarterback position and how you to be Consistent.


Consistent. That's all it comes down to. That's all it comes down to. Just being able to show those flashes on a consistent basis. Not every so often. That's all it comes down to. Just to feels the good. I love, I love 'em to death. I love 'em to death. But that's all it comes down to. And he also didn't have the weapons that No had have a, so It makes He got DJ more in his last Year. Much easier when you got that at your disposal. Man. I think the thing is Osho ocho, they'll be a little bit more patient. They'll coach, he'll get better coaching than what Justin Fields got. Yeah. He also has DJ Moore for, he got DJ Moore one year.


He comes in, he has Roman Dunay first round draft pick. He has Keenan Allen, who's a multiple time pro Bowl player. Yes. And he has Cole commit who's even getting gonna get better. I got, I'm tripping. Gonna get better and better and better. It happens sometimes, guys. It happens. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. Justin Fields isn't there. He's not coming back. Yes. He was mismanaged. There was a lot of things and, and, and and and, and I think a lot of times Ocho, when you get traded, you get released, it forces you to look within yourself now. Yes sir. Okay. What could I have done to prevent this?


And have you questioning yourself too. Like it's something wrong with you. But if you look at the landscape of all the quarterbacks that have been a part of that organization, who's the last one that was god damn competent to lead the franchise outside of Jim McMahon and J Cutler? Talk To me man. Don't make the back stop. I mean, no disrespect. I mean you, you don't like Jay. Yeah, but I like he, I mean he was was He was Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Okay. Rick Grossman. But that was more so the defense that got into the Super Bowl. All you had to do and just not turn the ball over. That's how goddamn the defense was. I agree. I I look They mismanaged all I, I don't, I don't, I don't I understand how hard it is.


You and I both understand how hard it is to play the quarterback position. Yeah. All positions in NL is hard. But when you talk about processing information Yeah. Knowing where to go to know the defense and you gotta know every snap. Yeah. So you come to the line on first and 10. Okay. What we studied, they normally plays this 80% of the time. Right. Okay. I'm, I'm, I'm expecting that at the snap of the ball, they gimme something else. Yeah. I've got the instantaneous no, my number one option is gone now. Yeah. So now I gotta go to two to three to throw this sun gun out of bounds. Yeah. Because if you go, oh damn, one ain't there. By the time you go to two and talking about go to three, you getting hit in the back of your head. You got the process information so fast, instantaneous, Instantaneously.


Yeah. You got to And The really and the really great ones. Yeah. Do it consistently better than everybody else else. It It, it's really, it's really that simple. You know what, what's funny when it comes to the Peyton Mannings and the Tom Bradys and the Drew Breezes, obviously Patrick Mahome, they process it so fast. They're processing it before the snap even happens. Yes. So this is what they showing me. Okay, I see that. But this is what they also can be doing as well. So if what they see at the snap of the ball happens to change in their drop, they already know what they're going with the ball before the ball is even, even snapped based on what they do defensively.


Because you got anticipated. So they Already stepped ahead of the game anyway based on film down in distance, their tendencies. And they, man, You have to be able to read ocho you have to like, okay, this is what they like to do, but I think there's a great chance they're gonna go to this coverage also. Yeah. So I'm still one step ahead. Yeah. Because I'm still processing. Yeah. I'm I'm you're supposed to be. This what we've taken off on film. Yeah. And what we've seen over 5, 6, 7 weeks. Yeah. Is that this is what you do on this downing distance in this area of the field. Yeah. This time. Yeah. And most of the time, okay, it doesn't change much. Oh but you know what? And the slightest thing that's off the slightest, all of a sudden the linebacker has his foot just a certain way and all of a sudden the cornerback is a step out.


He's a, he's just a tad outside where he would normally be if they were gonna play the defense. We, I smell a rat. I'm coming. He coming. Somebody coming. Something ain't right. That, that take that take time. No, that that take time to get there. The Cowboys have reportedly made CD lamb an extension offer that would make him one of the highest paid receivers in the NFL on an annual basis. Apparently that's still not enough. Lamb hasn't expressed an interest in signing the Cowboys latest extension offer, which is believed to be around 33 million a year. That ain't enough. That number, that number would only trail Justin Jefferson for highest annual salary for an NFL receiver.


Not only does c cd want to see the Cowboys increase average, average annual salary on the offer, but also the issue with the cash flow and guaranteed on the proposed deal, held out of training camp, been practice with the team all during the off season end of the final year of his rookie contract. As the season nears the pressure to get a deal done also has seemingly increased. It ain't enough. It ain't enough. And then Jerry Jones' fault in Jerry Jones' fault because he came out and said, I'm all in. I'm all in. I'm all in about the three pieces. Said the three names. Ain't nobody got paid yet. The season start in two, three weeks.


Your most important, one of the most valuable players intricate pieces to the offense hasn't been in training camp. He hadn't been in training camp. So now him and Dak in the chemistry, it might not be off the eight ball, but it's gonna take time to get there. 'cause then you, you not just gonna pick up where you left off last year without no goddamn practice. It don't happen like that. I don't care how good you are. You gotta get that rhythm back. You gotta get that chemistry back. You just have to, then also I'm thinking about, well hell, you can train as much as you want, but doing it in a structured environment is completely different as opposed to doing it by yourself. Having people push and tug on you. Getting off press, getting off jam, being able to release, getting acclimated to the speed of the game.


I don't care how long you've been playing. It is different in game as opposed to practice. But he's missing all that valuable time. But you, and you only offered him 33 million. Make it five more. We assigned, give us five more. We assigned what, what Justin Jeffers again. 35. 35. Give give him 35. 100,000. 35 million hundred Thousand. 35. 35 at a penny. Another thing, Hey, hold on another thing. Jamar Chase, same way no training camp. Now at some point Joe Burrows gonna have to step in. Mike Brown, listen, I need my number one, I need my number one.


If we're serious about what we're trying to do and getting back, getting back to the Super Bowl in New Orleans. I need my number one week one. He got to get some kind of training in before he touches the football field to get acclimated to the speed, getting pushed, pulled, tugged, and getting all pressed. But whatever it may be, we can, you need that. You need that end game practice. You need it. You can't just get out there and just play. I don't care how good you are. I just, and ocho I just hated guys missing camp because now you try to get 'em to catch up, they gonna take an extra rep and then that's when the soft tissue injuries. Man, man, let me, I'm gonna get up and walk away on that one.


I didn't wanna say it. I didn't wanna say that. What Is the truth though, Ocho, you go it. Yeah, I, I I didn't wanna say it because what happens when you come back and you just been training by yourself and then you try to go a hundred miles an hour with everybody else that's been training and working cab Ham, three quads growing Soft tissue. Every time, Every time, every Time there's a holdout, there's always an injury of some sort. It's never, it's never that bad, but it's always soft tissue and you already know we have a soft tissue injury. That ain't nothing to play with You. Ain't nothing to play with. Yeah. So what, so where you going? If you can't push off, you gotta cal or stuff like that. And that's why it's so hard. That's why I'm like, man, damn.


And like you said, you know you can train, you can do all that you want to, but it's not the same Ocho. I didn't as if you running routes, getting tugged, getting pushed against a db, Not the same. You running rocks against yourself and somebody's throwing you the ball. That's one thing. But man, with those shoulder pads on that helmet on and guys bumping into you, the guy's grabbing you, tugging you. Yeah, it's a whole, it's a whole different animal. Why, Why do you think everybody's sort of third day at camp? Mind you, you've been training the whole time during the off season and all Of a sudden ain't nothing like that bro. You Come to camp in a structured environment, now you sore the whole team in the cold tub.


It is for a reason. 'cause it's different once you in that structured environment. And guess what, in the third day always 9 0 7. God dang it man. Ocho man. Woo. You got that old man? Yeah. That rigor mor stuff set up. Man. You walking? Yeah, like you walking on like you walking on hot nails. Oh, I remember them days. Ooh. Hey boy's hot in hell boy. It is hard to hear. Y'all had me worked up. I was on one. Y'all see Your, your AC don't work. My ac my AC messed up. Yeah. Yeah. Ac I was AC man. Coming tomorrow. Yeah, I was sweating like a one leg man in the ass kicking contest.


You ever see the one leg man in an ass kicking, kicking contest? Ocho Uhuh. Dang. He got a jump up and kick because he ain't got no he ain't got no stabilizing leg. He ain't got but what leg? That's how I will sweat. No joke. Oh


Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. Streaming live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean, Camila, Coveo, Doja Cat, Gwen Stefani, cozier Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows. Thomas Rhett, Victoria Monet. Add more. Get tickets to our 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One right now before they sell out@axs.com.


New from embedded. Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics, but it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man? Hear about the long history of sex testing women athletes on tested a new series from CBC and NPRs embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on its monumental 40th season. Y'all And we are coming along for the ride. Woo-hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then there's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of drum roll please. The Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Yes. Each week cast members will be joining us to spill all of the tea on the relentless challenges, heartbreaking eliminations, and of course all the juicy drama. And let's not forget about the hookups. Anyway, regardless of what era you're rooting for at home, everyone is welcome here on MTV's Official Challenge podcast. So join us every week as we break down episodes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Listen To MTV's official challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete or how the best in sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League one Volleyball's podcast, serving pancakes, a new show by iHeart Women's Sports. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about volleyball and beyond. Learn what it takes to be the best in the sport and what it takes to stand on the podium from top athletes and figureheads in sports. Every week I'll dig into the perspectives from some of the best athletes in the world. Like with Olympic gold medalist Justine Wong. I will say my journey has not been easy like whatsoever. I've, I've been cut from teams, I've made teams, I've been the starter. I've been a non-starter. And so for me to like say that I made the Olympics, like I immediately started crying And give insights and behind the scenes stories from the people who are making the biggest impacts on global volleyball and women's sports. From the likes of three time Olympic medalists, Jordan Larson. I'm finding little ways to like do things differently. And now it's more of how can I help the next generation? You'll also learn about their other dream jobs if they weren't playing on the biggest stage. Like from Olympian Lauren Carlini. I'm thinking about starting a dog walking business, putting that out there for anyone's dogs. You need to be walked or walked or fed or played With. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by the all new Toyota Camry. Whatever your vibe. It's a Camry vibe.


OCHO for just a second time in his career. And the first time since week 2020, Gardner Menchu will be a week one starter. Menchu prevailed over the Raiders quarterback competition against second year Quarterback aid O'Connell who finished his rookie campaign as the team starter over the last nine games Raiders to start. Gardner Menchu week one versus the Chargers. What you thinking? Throw the Ball. Throw the ball to 17. Throw the ball to 17. It ain't rocket science. It's not rocket science. And whoever the, I don't know who the officer coordinator is, put 17 in positions to make make plays. It's simple. It's not hard. He's the best rock runner in the NFL still. I know the young bulls.


I know the young guns. Everybody gonna mention him? Oh, he's the best. No, the best rock runner in the NFL is still Devonte Adams. Oh, Devonte. Yeah, for sure. Come on now. Don't Play. And And. we got some great rock runners. Oh, from Alabama. Hey, you got Ridley, you got Coop, you got Keenan Allen. Yeah. You Got guys that can run routes. Adam, James, Justin Jefferson. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But Adams It's different. It's different. It's, it's Man Adams man Adams hey. And being around him. I know you saw the interview that I had with him on Club J. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Being around him and listen to how he Talks His mind. He thinks like, I was like, damn bro.


I'm like, you think like, I think Yeah, he's sharp man. He's sharp. He's thinking he ain't just because I didn't run Ralph just thinking about that. Oh, I'm gonna get up on this route. Right. No man, I'm thinking about third and fourth quarter because this here route right here. I'm gonna show you this route right here, but I got something else coming off this same route. And while you think you a, you know what I thought about running the out route, but I saw you over there. So I'm gonna go on over here. I gonna go on over here, run this, run this basic cross on you. And that's how he thinks. He's like, I'm setting things up in my head. Oh you think you sitting on this one? You ain't, you you, you're not, you're not.


It's tough though. Ocho when you've had, I mean think about it. He went from Aaron Rogers. Yeah. Unless you go to Mahomes or bur rights, it ain't gonna be no upgrade. It is. It's, it ain't no upgrade then. But I'm saying well if you go home, but I'm saying Ocho, but you got a level playing field. You go from Aaron Rogers and then you go, you had Jimmy G. Yeah. I mean even with his homeboy, but he knew car he played with card Fresno College. Yeah. Yes. So they hold on the same, Hey, they could run, they could run routes in their sleep 'cause they knew each other so well. But you know, I, I view, I view Devonte because he's so good at manipulating his routes and being able to get open regardless to who the quarterback was.


I viewed him in a sense, just like Dhop when Dhop had a quarterback carousel, when he was, it didn't matter who was at the Hamm, the officer coordinator put d hop in positions to get the ball. And when he got, and when the ball was coming his way, he caught it. He gonna get it. I see. Devante the same way offensively. They don't use him the same way and put him in positions. They get, they just run the offense. They just run the offense. And if he's open, he's open. If not, that's where the frustration came in last year. He still, he had a Yeah. Season but not a season that we're used to seeing. Nah, nah, nah, nah. Not a Devonte. I hope that changes. I hope That changes. I mean, if, if he ain't getting somewhere between 13 and 5,000 yards, it's like Yeah, something ain't right because That's the, that's the expectations and that's the level of consistency right.


In which you've set forth. So anything less than that, we like damn bro. And people looking at him. But that's to happen. That's what happens, Ocho is that when a wide receiver numbers start to dissipate. Okay. Why they ain't looking at the quarterback. They like, oh nah, he, he he can't run no more. He can't get open, bro. Y'all see who throwing me the ball. Stop this foolishness. Yeah. I I hate y'all. See who throwing me the ball. I hate that narrative. I hate that narrative. I I hate it. I hate it so bad. I hate it so bad. But he gonna be all right. Gardner Menchu. I know you gonna see this. 17. Oh and they got that Young Bull now They got that young bull from George over there too now.


Oh yeah. Bowers. Bowers. Yeah. Bowers and Buddy Knight. That's a, that's a nice security blanket. So it shouldn't be no excuses. I'm not sure who the running back is because Josh Jacobs is gone. Who, who, who's the Running back? Josh? Josh Jacobson in is in Green Bay Bay. But who, who they, who they bring in though? I don't know. Damn. He was already there wasn't he? Nah, he just left Damir White. He was already there. They brought in Madison. Madison. He was at Minnesota. Okay, Madison.


Ah, let's go. Okay. Ocho the bikes played their preseason game on Saturday without JJ McCarthy who will miss the entire 2024 season with a knee injury after the winning Cleveland coach Kevin O'Connell was asked whether the news will still will have galvanizing effect on the team. I think our guy a pretty confident and Sam Donald I do. When Nick Mullens got an opportunity last year, he was very, very explosive as an offense. His ability to run the show and really highlight a lot of different aspects of our offense, you know, with his understanding is something. That's why Nick is here. He's a guy we really respect and respect his prep and his experience. What do you think the Viking ceiling is with Sam Darna?


Lemme see Sam Darna Green Bays in that division and the Lions who won that division. Division. I mean, it, it's, it's gonna be tough. And you believe Chicago will be better? Oh yeah, Absolutely. Look what? Look what they have. Look what they have to work with. It's gonna be tough. Jordan Addison is out. Right. For how long? It was was, was it ankle ankles? So something like that with Jordan Addison? No, well, well the thing is, you know, he got caught with no liquor license. That's what happened. He got a speeding ticket. He got a speeding ticket with a DUI. Oh, He got hurt. Huh? He got, hold on. That's his second DUI too. I think Jordan Ashley got hurt. He got, he got a DUI in July Ocho, you know the NFL gonna want and he got injured, so.


Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So the NFL don't care nothing about, you know, the NFL gonna won a couple of games for that DUI. Oh shoot man. You Know how the NL operate? Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, it's, it's gonna be tough now. You know, I, I think, I think unless they can get him going early, early in the season and get him touches early, it's gonna be tough for Justin. He might be a little frustrated. Sam, Donna, I like him. But what the, the sample size we gotta see with him at the Panthers, the sample size we gotta see with him at the Jets. Yeah. Besides, we got the see with 'em at the 49 ERs if I'm not mistaken. Right. Yeah. 49 ERs. Well, eh, eh, I mean, you only as good as your supporting cast I always say.


But you got, you got Justin Jefferson. I, I I would like to, I would like to think you're gonna be okay. You have a running back. You have a good running back to take some of the pressure off of you. I would like to think you're gonna be okay if you don't have Jordan Addison, who's the number two that takes the pressure off? Justin Jefferson and Jordan Addison was cutting Number 17. They got another receiver. That's really good Ojo. I, I can, I forgot his last name. He nice. Yeah, he nice. Hey, he Nice. Yeah, he nice. He nice. But when, when, when defenses come out the huddle, they ain't saying, you know what, let's watch the 17. No, no, no. We locking in, we lock, we locking in on jj.


Yeah. He Have to go, he, he have to go dumb ass haywire like right away and make the most of everything to even that playing field. So they have to play honest or they gotta pick your poison one or the other? No, what's his name? No, no, no. Nah. Rage. No Jaylen, no Jaylen Rage? No, that's not BJ Osborne. He said his name was BJ Naer. Okay. Na no, that's not him. Hey, Somebody in the chat said the Viking gonna be one in 17.


Oh man. That's funny man. It's on you Sam Donald baby. Yeah, it's gonna be on him. He better play well. Oh, Osborne gone. He went to the, he went to the he went to the pass. Yeah, Osborne. That's who, who it was. Yeah. And he gone, he he went to the pass. But who the hell is number two? Well, it's gonna be Jordan Add, but he got a DUI and he got carted off the field. Yeah. So he could be, he gonna miss some time. You think? You think they gonna suspend him? When is the NFL not suspending somebody for a DUI. You go go back to your time playing and my time playing. When did they ever, not when have they have, when have they knocked You?


You're right, you're right. They normally, that's a normally at least a game or two. Mm damn. Yeah. I wanna know who the number two is. Oh, you know, they got no Kinon. Wait. Yeah he was, but he's, because Kinon is there, but he's coming off that ACL Remember he tore his a c That's Right, that's right. The season. Wait, who's the tight of Detroit? Oh, Sam La Porta. La Porta, Okay. Yeah, cock. Yeah. Okay, okay, okay. I be, I'd be getting it mixed up man. They got some good, got some good, some good young tight ends, man. Kat La Porta Hawkinson.


It is one more, I can't think of his name. Kelsey? Nah, I'm talking about one of the Young Bull, the Young Bulls. Oh, okay. Which One? Oh, they got a bunch. Huh? Which one? From Iowa. That's La Hawkinson and LaPorte from Iowa. Kilen From Iowa. Hey, I'm Iowa too. Yes. Jalen Naylor is the number two Naylor. Yeah. OCHO early today. Peyton Manning named his top five quarterbacks in the NFL. I'm gonna see if, if they gonna hate on Peyton. He got Patrick Mahomes one, Joe Burrow two, Justin Herbert, three, Lamar, Jackson, four, Josh Allen five.


Ah, I I like it. I like it. I like his list. The, the, the, the first two. I mean that's, it ain't rocket science the first two after that. What would you do after that? Who would you, who is your three four and five V Chad who is your three, four and five V? What would you think? Well, I mean, anytime we hate, if we don't put Lamar, if I don't put Lamar Jackson, number one, I'm a hater. So you know, if I, who's the Best quarterback in the nfl? If Shannon Sharpe doesn't say Lamar, oh, that's Shannon rocking for those white boys.


You know how, you know how ugly that he love them bunnies. So I can't win. So I just, I this what Peyton, this is his list. Right. Damn. I mean, no dak no Jalen hurts, huh? I mean, who you putting Dak over? Who putting hurt? Who You putting? I'm, I'm thinking, I'm thinking in my head, I'm thinking in my head. I, I'm saying nobody. Who you put what on this list? Who you putting? Who? You, first of all, when I said now this is what Peyton said, right? When I said Brock Purdy wasn't that they killed me. You don't dunno what you talking about.


Kill Peyton. I need y'all to, Chad, I need y'all to kill Peyton. Like y'all kill Shannon because when I told my lip you got mad at me. Right. Kill Peyton. Hey, could you, could you, Josh Allen is interchangeable, you know, I mean, you could have, I don't wanna, I just need to chat. I need to chat to kill Peyton. Like they kill me. When I, when I talked about Purdy, when I've made my list, I'm a hater. I don't know anything. I didn't play the position. Well you got a guy that played 18, 19 years, won five MVPs, one of the top three or four quarterbacks to ever play the game.


He gave you his list and y'all ain't said a damn thing. Somebody said Peyton was tweaking too. Y'all ain't saying a damn thing. Y'all talk crazy to me. Y'all got me Ocho scared to give a list. I I'm just saying that I ain't scared to give a list. I don't give a damn what y'all think them my list. I like, you know what I would take, I would take Justin Herbert out. I put Lamar Jackson at, at, at four. I mean I, I put Lamar Jackson at three and four. I would go, I would go CJ Stroud, I, I, I would, I guess Peyton said he need to see, he need to see a little more. That's probably why CJ Stroud, if, if CJ Stroud repeats what he does again this season, if you ask Peyton, Manning the same question next year after the season ends, CJ Stroud will be up, be up there and probably be at number three.


Yeah. But I, I like, I like Pat Mahome, Joe Burrow, Lamar Jackson, I'll go CJ Stroud and five is interchangeable. Hell, you can go five, you can go Jalen, Hertz ba it's based on preference. You can go Jalen Hertz, you can go Josh Allen, you can go, you can go Dak. It's based on what you want. You can go my young boy in Green Bay, Jordan. Love You go Jordan Love at, at at five and five is interchangeable. You could go Justin Herbert depending on who you like. I think if you look, I don't think I would take Lamar over Justin Herbert. That's me. I would Right. But like you said, look, the only thing that you can't get any debate on is who's number one That and number two I I So if you like, okay.


Yeah. But yeah, I mean you look at Lamar's regular in the regular season, right. You gonna say Lamar's number two if you just like a regular season resume. But if you look at what Joe's done, Joe went on the road, he beat Buffalo. Right? He went on the road, he beat Tennessee. He went on the road, he beat Patrick Mahomes something that only Tom Brady has done. The man Patrick Mahome only lost what, three playoff games in his, in his career. Yeah. Yeah. He Lost A Tom Brady in the a c championship game. He lost a Joe bur in a championship game, he lost a Tom Brady and a Super Bowl. Right. Other than that, Yeah. I mean, so if You put, I think if you put Lamar at three and I'm not so sure I wouldn't take, I'm not so sure I would, I'd understand look, But I Take, I would take, I would take Josh, I would take Josh Allen over Justin Herbert.


I would, I Mean, yeah. Yeah, probably. I think a lot, a lot of people would. I think a lot of people would. But what about golf? We got golf, we got Stafford who's already won the Super Bowl, who's good gun. Slinger de deserves to be in the conversation for top five. But I think it all comes down to preference and it, depending on who you put there, then everybody would be, they'll bring up all type of stats to discredit why they not in, well they shouldn't be in the top five. You Right. What you right. Aaron Rogers. I think, I, I don't think, look we basing this on right now because they had, they had Aaron Rogers as the top 100 player and the dude played four plays.


Yep. That's based on what he had already done and already accomplished. That's not how it was supposed to be. You're supposed to benching on the 2023 season. Right. The man played four plays. ocho Yeah. Yeah. And that's what used to, that used to what used to get me about the Pro Bowl guys, this ain't a lifetime a achievement award. The guy didn't have a good season. Yeah, I understand what he has been. Yeah. But that's not what he was this year. Yeah. At times it was a popularity contest that time. Yes. I said if a guy play, if a guy is a no name and he plays better Right. He gotta be in there.


But like you said, Ocho it's just a matter of Yeah. When, when you get the, when you get the four, when you get the four and five. I think it's, I think it's preference. Yeah. I think, like you said, if you ask, if you ask Peyton next year, this time CJ Ri will be in there. BJ Stroud Jordan Love might be up there. Yo K Williams might sneak in there based on how he plays. What if he, what if K Williams has a repeat season of what CJ Stroud had his first year? Well, hell CJ make it. So how the hell Caleb gonna make it? I mean, I'm, I'm just, okay. You right. But I'm, I'm just saying that's a good one though. Hey, four and five, it all come down to preference.


It's gonna be very interesting to see because CJ Stroud has set the bar so high for himself. Yeah. So now we're Expecting, we're expecting that we, And that's what happens is that Patrick Mahomes, you don't compare Patrick Mahomes to any other quarterback. You compare him to his own greatness himself. Yeah. That's why we said man, Patrick Mahomes, I mean there are a lot of quarterbacks that like to pass for 4,200 yards, half 27 touchdowns and 14 picks. Yeah. But when you've thrown 50 touchdowns and 10 interceptions and you've had another season where you've thrown for 5,000 yards. Right. 4,800 yards, you're like, man, what's wrong?


What's wrong with, with my homeboy? I mean, right with, that's it for saying at the beginning of the season last year when everybody had butter Fingers, Ocho Cowboy's, third round old lineman, Cooper Bebe practicing playing center with his mom in their backyard. Check out this video Here. Okay. That's cute. Mama. Mama. What kind of shotgun she in? She too far back. Okay. Hey man, they coming. They hitting. Hey, that's dope. I like it. I like it. Look nice, nice. Dope. Feel good story. Nice little feel good story.


So is he the starting center? Obviously if he was picking in the third round as a center, he must be, he must be playing right away. I don't know if he's played right away, but it's just, you know, Hey, let's get some snaps. Yeah. Just in case you never know, but you won play away from being the starter. Oh yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. Did you see it is the other, it is another video of, of a mama teaching her, her son little, little Young son to play tackle. Yeah, I Saw that. Yeah. Yeah. That was, that was, that was loud. Mom doing a great job telling me, Hey, hey kid, keep outside hand free. Keep it up. I like, damn. Okay mom, babe, you must have been a D-line coach at some point in time.


Wait, listen, you YouTube teach you everything the Volume.


Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete or how the best in the sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League One Volleyball's podcast serving pancakes. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about the sport itself and what it takes to stand on the podium. I'll be joined by top athletes and figureheads in sports as we dive deep into match play mindset and memories from years past. And you can guarantee that pancakes will be on the menu. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello. Hello. Malcolm Gladwell here. I want to tell you about a new series we're launching at Pushkin Industries on the 1936 Olympic Games. Adolf Hitler's games, fascism, anti-Semitism, racism, high Olympic ideals, craven, self-interest, naked ambition, illusion, delusion, all collide in the long, contentious lead up to the most controversial Olympics in history. The Germans put on a propaganda show and America went along with all of it. Why? Listen to this season of revisionist history on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Welcome to In Case you missed it, with Christina Williams, the podcast that's your go-to source for women's hoops. From buzzer beaters to Breaking News, I bring you the highlights, analysis, and expert insights you need to stay ahead of the game. The people have spoken and it's time to give the stories that matter most. The spotlight. Listen to in case you missed it, on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. And remember, in case you missed it, don't worry. I've got you covered.


Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One, September 20th and 21st T-Mobile Arena here in Las Vegas Stream live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila cab, doji Cat, Dua Lippa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows, Thomas Red Victoria, Monet in more buy tickets now with axs.com.


New from Embedded. Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics, but it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man? Hear about the long history of sex testing women athletes on Tested a new series from CBC and NPRs Embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.