
Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21. Plus tobacco consumers.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary Subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


At T-Mobile, our critical mission is providing unparalleled 5G coverage for when connectivity is mission critical. Introducing T Priority America's Best 5G Network experience for first responders, even in times of congestion. More capacity, faster speeds, better coverage. T priority from T-Mobile built for tomorrow's emergencies. Ready today. Discover more@t-priority.com For qualifying organizations on eligible rate plans. Coverage not available in some areas and may be impacted by emergencies.


Optimize your nutrition with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factors fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like calorie smart and protein plus factors. Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off to get 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


The Volume.


Who scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to edition the Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bets you can make on draft Kings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the rack with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Boston Celtics has been sold for $6.1 billion, the highest price ever paid for North American Sports franchise in history. The Boston Celtics will have a new owner for the first time in more than two decades. Bill Chisholm, the managing partner of Symphony Technology Group, STG, will buy the franchise at a price of 6.1 billion. The sale price is the largest for a North American spread franchise topping the 6.05 billion. The group led by Josh Harris paid for the Washington Commanders in 2023 and far surpassing the 4 billion that Phoenix Sons got from Matt Ishma. But when he brought the team the same year, the Gross Bet group led brought the Boston Celtics OCHO for $360 million and now sells it for almost 20 times.


He's asking price. Yeah. So in other words, what they call in business 20 x. Yeah, most definitely. You know Bill Chisholm? Yeah. Oh Joe, if you had, if you had let's say 10 billion, oh, talk To me, Would you got $10 billion? Would you buy a sports franchise Now? Only would I buy a sports franchise? I'm buying three sports franchises and I'm gonna, What? What, what, which one? Where, okay, I'm gonna tell you where I'm gonna go. First of all, you li you listen to me, okay? Stay with me. Stop. I'm listening. If I had $10 billion for one, I'm going to talk to Mike Brown and Katie and Duke Tobin. That ain't happen to go somewhere else. That family Mommy pop. They ain't selling that. Okay. Boom. So if I can't get that, I'm going to Naples, Italy, I'm going to buy Napoli.


You know my love, enthusiastic passion for the game of soccer in the beautiful game. I want to owe I wanna own a franchise. I don't wanna be a minority owner. I'm talking about majority owner. I wanna own Napoli. Do everything I want. Okay? I do everything in my power. Bring in all type of players, You know, 'cause I'm gonna have the money. I'm gonna have the money to, to get the kind of team I want. Bring in superstars. Second thing I'm gonna do, I'm going to buy the Miami Heat. I'm going to buy the Miami Heat. You think Mick Harrison goes, hold on. You just saw what the Celtics went for. Yeah. How much money do you think you'll have to offend to get Napley? Listen, I'm Oh, to get Napley. Oh, that's a good one. I'm not sure how much that, that, that, that, that franchise and that n dt will cost me. But again, I'm going to get the Miami Heat.


I'm gonna, I'm gonna have to remove Pat Riley because Pat Riley's way of doing things isn't, isn't, isn't conducive for business with today's era of players. And this is Miami. This is Miami, and players don't want to come play in Miami. Miami's a melting pot for, for ethnicities and culture. How does nobody wanna come play here? No superstars. Listen, we got bam, we got Tyler Hero. You drafted 'em. I, I, I, again, I understand that, but we can't get any superstars here. We need, we need one more Jimmy left. So boom, that's two Napoli and the Miami Heat. Now I'm not sure how much I'm gonna have left over 'cause I don't know how much Napoli would cost me.


Chad, you would probably know better than I can because you can do your homework for me real quick while we talking about it. And, and the rest of that I'm gonna sit on and I'm gonna open up a cigar lounge. Oh my goodness. Oh, that's it. Nine 80 mil. So you got, so you gotta, so basically they go say they're gonna probably upcharge so 10%, so they gonna charge you a billion. So you get a charge. They, they gonna charge you a bi? Yeah, 1000000001.1. Okay, so Now you got 8.9. Yeah. Okay. NFL you want to get an n NFL team? You told, you Told me I can't, you can't. I What about the dolphins? You think Stephen Steven Ross sell me the Dolphins? He might, he might be willing to sell you a majority share. How much We talking about with a majority share of the dolphins, what you think?


Probably somewhere between two and a half and three and a half. Oh, That's done, that's done. That, that is done. And listen, I'm, I'm manifesting this, I'm manifesting this, I hope from my mouth to God's ears. Maybe it can happen, maybe it won't. I can, let me dream big. I could dream big if I shoot for the moon And I fall short. Ain't no telling what's gonna happen, Right? Yeah. Normally ocho if, if like a family owned business, there need to be internal internal chaos, right? We saw that with the bowlings. They ended up selling, they ended up selling the franchise. Right.


But if there's not chaos, like I don't believe the Cowboys will ever go for sale. Jerry Jones gonna have that in his trust that the Cowboys are never to be sold no matter what. Now once he's gone, I mean, hey, I'll just saying but like, like Mike Brown, that's his his dad, yeah, his dad started that franchise. That's after he got, after he got out of the Cleveland because he started the, that's where the Browns get their name from. And now he went to c You know, art mode did be fired. Him and so forth. The song Mr. Mo brought the team and then he started the Bengals. Me personally, Ocho, I don't believe they'll sell it. Nah, They wouldn't. But it just, it's just a thought. It's just a thought.


Listen, where I was drafted, where, where, where I created I, I left my, my footprint, my stamp and just, just knowing that I could just, just being a owner of the place where I played at. It would, would be it just, Maybe they tell you a minority share, maybe they sell you 10, 20%. Because it's just hard for me to see. Like, even though I think she just passed Virginia McCaskey, who's the daughter of George Hallas, who's who founded Bears. They've only had one owner, the Steelers and the Rooneys the Steelers have owned since 1933. Now there was one year that I think the McClatchy's owned it and they ended up getting it back. So the, the Rooneys have been, so basically since 1933.


Okay? You got the Roo, the Mars and the s They co-own the Giants. Now it look like they're, they're willing to sell a minority stake but no controlling aspect. So basically, You know, you going get, you gonna get some money, but you don't get no say in the day-to-day operations or coaches and hiring and buying, things like that. So I'm looking at team. I Like that. I don't need, I don't need no say in day-to-day operations. I want to be in the war room. Okay? I wanna be in the war room. Listen, I also, I have an eye for talent. I have an eye for talent. I know what things need to look like that I listen, I just wanna give my suggestions. Okay? I wanna put on my suit and tie. I wanna have my Bengal pin.


I wanna be on the, i I wanna be on the golf court with Mike Brown. When we go to training camp, we watching the players, You know what you call it, what you call it. And owners meeting. Owners meeting. I'm at the owners meeting, You know, nice. In Masu, in Masu and in in ma. What else? NFL combine me and Duke Tobin. I'm sitting there with my pen and pad. You know, I got my stopwatch when everybody running. The 40 Owners don't be there. Ocho I mean J Long, mostly the only owners there is Jerry. Oh no. And I don't even know what Jerry showed up this year. Did Jerry go to the combine this year? Normally owners don't go. They send the general managers, they send, they send, see everybody, You know, general managers, your scout personnel, things of that Nature.


But that me, I wanna be hands on. I wanna, I wanna be hands on. If I get any type of minority, share the Bengals, You know, God willing, if God wants to bless me with, with, with some type of fortune that comes outta nowhere for, listen, I I know Mike, listen, Mike Brown, Katie, Troy, if this happens, please allow me to, to, to, to, to put in, You know, and, and, and be a part of where it all started. I think that would be a great thing. The fans would love that, huh? Yeah. Can you imagine me, me being minority owner of the Bengals also owning Napoli and then, and then, then it takes a Lot, bro. It takes a lot of bread and Then having some, some, some, a piece of the Miami heat too.


Woo. Hey, and then You know what, You know, the good thing about it is someone like me. What's that? If I was able to attain that type of wealth, I'm one of the, I'm one of the few people in the world that wouldn't change, wouldn't change a thing. I'd still be, I I'd still be the same. Yeah, the same, same old old show. You need to find me. I'm at McDonald's, you wanna find me? You can find me at the Cuban spot. You know, just doing, just doing the same thing I always do. I like that. I like that from, from my mouth to God's ears. Yeah, you might better hope maybe by the Vegas franchise for an NBA team or hope they get another team, You know, have somebody get a wanna start another franchise. But it's hard. It is. You are more apt to get somebody to move than they make it an odd number 33.


'cause you got 32 teams And you got eight, four team divisions. So that seems to be NFL kind of seems to be set right? But it looks like if anything the NBA will add two franchises, one in Vegas. And it seems like Seattle is kind of favorite since they lost the Supersonics And you got Vegas, they got a football team, they got a soccer team. I mean, excuse me, they got a, a hockey team. Baseball is coming in a couple years. They got A-A-A-W-N-B-A squad. So they'll have the ma the four major sports, they'll now they get a a basketball team and it looks like that thing gonna go for five, $6 billion. Woo. Hey, Hey guys, I got coach on the way.


Can y'all hear me? Yep, we got you Coach. Yeah, I got you. You got us? Yep, I got y'all. Okay, thank you. He's about to jump on. Hey Sir, what's, what's your name? Kirk. I fucking love you. I'm you. Yes sir. I love you. Fucking love you too. Appreciate it. This is Ashley Ake from the Ben and Ashley I almost same as podcast.


If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try Well with future health you can find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. That is try fh.com. Try fh com. Results may vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Database on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


Yo, what's good it is Jeff t from Club five 20 podcast Here to share some fresh takes on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the only official hamburger of March Madness. I've been checking out the brackets the last couple of days And I really look forward to a couple First round matchups UCON versus Oklahoma McNeese. Stay BCH Clemson in terms of the teams with a shot to win the whole thing. I really think St. John's has a chance. Coach Rick Patino, who's won two national championships already with a pedigree like his, he can take his team to the top. Now if you're looking for a upset, like I said, I'll take McNee State over Clemson. They have a really strong defense. They create turnovers and Clemson struggles against pressure. Also. Another upset alert could be Xavier over Illinois. Xavier fought their way into the tournament by wining a playin game And I think they have some scores off the bench and some stars in our team that can really get it done. Stay tuned for more from me for the next couple of weeks. And while you're watching the games, remember the freshest dealing fast food gotta be Wendy's right Now You can grab a junior bacon and cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. Again, head to Wendy's app to grab $1 Junior bacon cheeseburger, $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's. The official hamburger Marsh Madness.


A 15 Tmobile PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh yes, that's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


Guys we're getting ready to get joined by had injuries not robbed him. He was one of the great players in NBA history. He's a well on his way to being the guy that talked about he was the second coming of Magic Johnson. A big point guard not only could score but he could facilitate. Here he is 1 cent himself. Mr. Penny Hardaway pity. You got us? Yeah, Kirk Kirk's trying to get it right my man. Kirk was just on there. It is. What's up? What's up? What's up Penny? What's good Man? We good? We good? What's up? What Man? Hey you still pity yo? You still owe me a 1 0 1 man? What's good? Hey Ocho, you can get that, okay, Let me know.


Listen, I'm gonna tell you what I'm gonna do for you. I'm gonna tell you what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna spot you five. You hear me? Yeah. I appreciate that. I appreciate, I'm gonna take them five. Penny was a four time Allstar, three time all NBA selection and he's the head coach of the Memphis Tigers. Penny, you match up tomorrow against CSU Colorado State. You feel comfortable with what you've been able to your team going into this game because You know it's one and done now Penny. It ain't no, hey, hey we get ready And we, hey, we gotta go back to work the next day. You lose this game. Your season's over. Yeah, we understand the magnitude of this man, but this is what you want when you, You know, this is what you live for when you are an athlete, you, you live for these days.


So we understand the magnitude of what's going on. We understand that they're a really good team, but we are also, You know, and at, at the end of the day we gotta come and compete. They have a, a great offense and they play physical on defense. All of that, You know, goes along with March Madness man. We're ready for it. Hey, I'm gonna talk about your NBA career real quick. When looking back at your NBA days, what are some moments on the court that still inspire your approach to the game today as a coach? Looking back at, at my game and and how they inspire me as, I'm sorry, Looking back at your NBA days, what are some moments on the court back then that inspire your approach to the game as a coach out there in Memphis?


Well, it's just kill mode. You know, for me, everything I did on the pole was kill mode. So I coach the same way I put that battery in the back of my guys' back and, And I, I'm their biggest fan. I push him out there and give em the confidence and say, Hey man, being in kill mode and attack mode the entire game. Y'all, y'all both were the same way man. You just gotta, and when we, when y'all were on the field And I was on the court, every possession was to kill the dude that was in front of me. Yes sir, You're right Penny. Lemme ask you this penny. 'cause I ask a gr a lot of great players, You know, had Isaiah on And I have Coach Prime who was a, a regular contributor. Penny, how do you do it when you're such a great player and the game seemingly came easy to you even though you work, you could see things before they develop. How do you have the patience to realize that You know what, these guys probably not gonna be Penny Hardaway.


How do you have the patience? Because you tell some, some tell a kid something and then he f it up. You go over this in practice and he f it up. You do it in film study And you like, son, we went over this. How do you have the patience to do what you do Penny? Man, it is just one of those situations that we say back home was already understood, didn't have to be explained. I understand that they won't be on the level mentally as me. So I I, it doesn't have to be explained. So what I do is I put them in positions to win offensively And I put them in positions to win as a group defensively. So it's all about team and then their individual gifts that they have, I put them in those positions to be, to be great and that's the best, that's the best thing to do for me.


I know when I played, I was guy gifted. I could, I could play all over the court, the coaches gave me the ball, but this guy might need to spot up, he might need a pin down, he might need to play outta a closeout. This guy might need a iso. So to me, the gift that God gave me was realizing the strengths and putting those guys in their strengths the entire game. And then that patience comes along with that because I'm putting them in a position to win. See I like that. Did you hear what he just said? Understanding your players' weaknesses and your strengths. Now I'm not sure if it's easy to do as a basketball coach, but I wish from a football standpoint, especially at the highest level, if players or not players, if coaches offensive coordinators understood what their players did well I think would make things much easier. You know, being able to manipulate what you like to do based on your player strengths.


So everyone could play so offensively everything could be a little bit better. I lo I love that mentality as a coach. Yeah, for sure man. You know, because all the scouting reports are gonna put them in their weaknesses. So we gotta figure out a way to, to escape those weaknesses and put them in their strengths. Oh I Like that Peter. Lemme ask you this, the NIL or whatever the case may be, actives or whatever, whatever the case may be, it's made it a lot difficult. More difficult because Penny, you can't get on a coach and coach a kid like they coach you or like you would want a coach because if you get too hard on a penny, they gonna jump in the portal on you. No doubt. Penny. How do you make sure you trying to like make a kid understand or get a kid to understand, son, I'm trying to put you in the best position that I possibly can to help you succeed without them taking offense to it and going somewhere like, well hey I'm not getting the minutes that I need.


I'm going here. Or somebody coming in and say son, hey I see you And I can give you two 50, I can give you $300,000. How do you deal with that now Penny? Because it's a lot different than when you played. I think that, You know, what I try to do is make it a partnership and not be all 100% about me. And when I give the guys the money, right when they come in as a basketball player, I'm gonna try to make you as comfortable as possible, but then you gotta gimme something as well. You know the worst coaches to play for are the coaches that alright, they're gonna come in and change everything that you've ever done in your life and make you somebody that they didn't recruit or somebody that they didn't get out a free agency, right? So I'm not that coach. When I get you and come and get Shannon Sharp and Ocho, I know who y'all are already.


I'm gonna put you in this situation And we gonna have a partnership. It ain't gonna just be all about me. And when you do that And you stand on the truth with everything that you, that you tell this young man, then they respect that man. And the respect factor goes a long way. You know, when you respect your coach, you'll run through a wall. Yes. You ain't, you don't want no butthole coach. You don't want no coach. That's gonna be, You know, all about being anal all the time, being negative all the time and not really trying to see your side of things. Because in today's game you gotta see the other kid. You gotta see his side. In our, in our era, the coach said what he said And we just did it. That was it. Yeah. Pete, lemme, You got on, Lemme lemme ask you Pete, lemme ask you this. What happens when a co, when a player comes to you and say, coach, I need more minutes.


I ain't getting the minutes, or I'm gonna have to leave. If he's not getting the minutes, that means he doesn't deserve the minutes. Wow. So I stand on the truth. If you ain't getting the minutes you want, that means you ain't stepping up to the plate and doing and putting the work in. We need to work on the unrequired unrequired hours as well. Not just coming to practice and think you're gonna get shots up, but what are you doing to affect winning positively? Not negatively. You're affecting the winning negatively because you're not coming to the gym, you're not watching film, you're not getting extra work and waiting on your moment and being ready, staying ready so you don't have to get ready. A lot of these guys come to the gym during practice. They might make a couple bucks but they don't sprint the lane, they don't get a stick hand up. They don't take charges. They're not playing tough multiple efforts and that's what's gonna get you on the floor with me. If you're not on the floor, then you're not stepping up to the plate to what we, what we're needing you to do.


And we give it to 'em in black and white we have non-negotiables. These are non-negotiables. If you're not doing these non-negotiables at a high level, you can't get many minutes. And if you're getting minutes, it's gonna be small until you get to the level of where you can do those at a high Level. And now with coaching that way, with that type of transparency, do the players react well like that as opposed to, You know, you gotta think about this today, today's era is everybody is getting participation trophies. They patting you on the back. Yeah. Just for simply, yeah. Being a part of, even when you're not doing things the right way, do they, do they react well to that type of honesty and transparency? They react well to the truth because I love on 'em as well. You know, I'm gonna be getting in the gym with you if you ready to get in the gym, I'm ready if you ready to watch film, I'm ready, I'll take them out to lunch.


Whatever it needs to happen for us to get that connection to understand I need you, but you gotta do your part too. You're just not gonna be given this. And I know what, what Shannon said that they'll transfer. But when you have that bond And you give them an opportunity, you meet me halfway, I'll meet you halfway And you stand on the truth, that truth is everything. They respect that more. I've had the guys respect that more You, you've been in Memphis now for seven seasons. At any point in time in your NBA playing career, did you ever think you'd be a college coach or any coach? Nah, not really. I was gonna be in tv, I was gonna go so the espn, TNT and and do that thing. I wasn't even thinking about coaching at all. Obviously I had the background being a point guard, understanding the game and I've always loved teaching and developing players, but never thought I was gonna be a a college coach.


Hey, Would you Go ahead. I was gonna say that I, I like the fact that you transitioned into coaching and obviously you might, you might've wanted to do TV with as much knowledge of the game that you do have playing it at a very high level, being very successful at it. And now coaching, like are there any unexpected challenges you have being that You know the game so well at the collegiate level? Yeah, because you, you, you don't, they don't see it like you, you want them to see it like you, but it's also a challenge to me to, to develop and teach until I get it. That's the, that's the drive for me, right? That's the drive for me to get this young man when he comes in in June to be ready by the time the season starts and as the season goes on to keep teaching him and see him develop into a really good player.


Because every kid that comes to my, my team that's been a good player somewhere else, they become a great player here because I'm so invested in that in each young man on their skillset, their mental off the court things. It's a full-time job. It's not just being a coach. Yeah. Penny, when you, when you did, when you shot Blue Chip, did You know much about Shaq and what did you expect to come out of that movie? Did you, did you ever think like, damn man I sure wish I could play with this fella? You know, when I, we did a, we had a Olympic festival. It was like north, south, east, west teams in the summertime. It was held in Minnesota and Shaq And I played on the same team for like a half or summer, maybe a month, month and a half or whatever.


And we got to know each other, You know, a little bit. But Blue Chips, I used that platform to show Shaq who I was, the whole being about that movie was to get Shaq to understand that he needed me. I auditioned for him, not the movie, to make it Orlando. I did that, I did that, I did that every day. Peter, have you ever thought about, man, if my knee, because I think you had a knee issue, you tried to come back, you end up having, did you end up having micro fracture on that knee? I did. The micro fracture took me out. I had seven knee surgeries all together. But the last one was micro fracture. That was it. Same knee, left knee Is is that, And I, if I'm not mistaken, I think that's where they Dr. Drain into the bone.


They drill into the bone, try to let it drag, try to make it, let it heal on its own. And some people have had micro fracture and it worked. I think Rod Woodson, he had micro fracture. I think Bruce Smith had micro fracture and it, they've had eight, 10 plus years of great play. You, it kinda robbed you of your lift. Yeah. And Now you got chronic knee problems. Ah, did you ever think of your wildest dream when you first had this injury that this was the beginning of the end? You know, I didn't, but the thing that was so crazy is was I was playing in Phoenix And we were playing the Lakers the year the lake won the championship in oh two. And I was playing with a torn meniscus. I tore my meniscus in the first round against San Antonio And I kept playing And I got a cortisone shot every other day just to make it through the, through the, through the playoffs Seeds.


Okay. Through The play. Yeah. Y'all know how that, how that is, right? So I was in, I do pain And I was playing with a torn meniscus and Tim Duncan, who was much smarter than me, he sat out that series and didn't play anymore and just kind of rested and You know, what happened after that. His greatness or whatever. But it did rob me because after I got done with the Lakers series, I still was, I had spring, I had quickness, if you looked in that series, I average about 20 a game. We took those guys to six games and obviously lost after that. I didn't need the microfracture, I just needed that, that meniscus area. Clean prepared. And man I got the, that microfracture that took me out because I still had bouncing spring even though I was feeling some pain, I still had my quickness, I still had my power after that micro fracture, man, my quad depleted And I never got my quad strength back like ever.


Yeah. Yeah. That's the, that's the biggest thing Penny, when you have those surgeries, it's the surrounding muscles is that, to get that strength back And people realize that, oh my knee feel good, but if that quad, if that hamstring, if that calf, if those attach muscles, if they're not repair, it's not gonna fire and it is not, it's not gonna be able to, it's your stability. That's your stability to be able to be able to sustain that up, down. Because you doing this every night. Back then, penny, y'all played 75, at least 75 games. It wasn't no low management where you take 15 games out, you missed 15, 20 games, you missed 15, 20 games, you were injured. Yeah, it wasn't, no, yeah, penny got the night off because You know, he done play the back to back. He gonna play three games in a week.


So we will get Penny the next game off. Yeah, there was none of that. No, there was none of that at all. But the biggest thing about me, I was gonna play for my fans. I knew people would come to the game to see me, so I wasn't missing no games. Right. I was really, really hurting. I like it. I like it. Don. No, I, I I, I done asked all my, my good juicy questions. Boy, I'm good. I'm just ready for this one-on-one boy. That's it. We can get that in. Peter. That's your, you grew up in Memphis, you played at Memphis, you coach at Memphis. Is there a scenario where you could see yourself leaving Memphis? Man, that'd be tough. That would be tough. I mean, everybody know I bleed blue man and it got kind of rocky last year so I didn't know where it was gonna go.


But honestly I wanna win a championship for my city. I really do. You know, if something comes about, You know, we'll cross that road but everybody that knows me knows that that blue is in my heart man. Right. Penny, tell the story how you got the name because I think you told the name your grandmother was calling you pretty and they thought you were saying Penny. Yep. And so, so tell the story how you got the name. Well I was living with my mother until I was five and then my mom left me with my grandmother. So when I moved to my mom's area of the neighborhood, she used to call me pretty and with her southern accent it sounded like Penny, honestly. She said it. And one day somebody called my house and was like, can I speak to Penny? Because they thought she was saying, You know Penny? Yeah. She was like, there's no penny that lives here.


And I was like, grandmother, that's me. And that's how it just stuck from that point. I just started letting everybody call me. Penny. That's loud. Okay, see now we understand. Now y'all understand why Glo how Glo rilla, how she sound? She from the same Girl? Yeah, She from the same area. Penny. Penny, thank you for joining us bro. I appreciate Good, good luck tomorrow night. Good luck throughout the tournament and when you cut down the net, come back and join your, come back and join your boys. I will. And we gonna get that one on one. I got you baby man. I salute you baby. Alright, same brother. Appreci. One more Pete before you go. I need them Galaxy phone. SI know you got pair what size? 12, 13. 13. 13. 13. You Got that coming. You got that coming.


They there soon as I get It sir. No doubt. Mr one himself. Penny Hardaway great dude. Mad Ocho, I don't know like this cat. How many people remember watching Penny play but he was a wheeler with the basketball and real deal. He was supposed to be the next Magic Johnson. A guy that was six, seven and a half that could score. He could score the difference between he and magic. Magic could, magic could score like Penny. Penny could really score the basketball and could play with his back. But he was a big guard like magic, magic six nine, penny six, seven. We hadn't seen point guards like that Handle the ball. That could handle the ball, like handle it.


And then think about him and Shaq, him and Shaq in the pick and roll, the loob penny getting downhill can finish at the rim. Everything he had every had the mid-range had a nice float game. And that injury, like he said, he said he just needed his meniscus cleaned up. They ended up doing micro fracture and he never recovered. He never recovered. O yo. Ah man, I hate injuries man. And You know, sometimes guys get surgeries and you're like, damn guys have back surgery. Look at Gronk. Gronk had a back surgery in college, went on, had a hall of Fame career. Like I said, rod had micro factor. Bruce Smith, if I'm not mistaken, had micro fracture.


They played another eight, nine years and Penny, it was downhill after that. Go ahead. I think about some of the injuries man to some of, some of our greats. Some of our greats where me, where they weren't able to finish their story. Penny Hardaways, the Peter Warwicks, the Derrick Rose, Brandon, Roy, Roy, Greg Oden, the guy Like, like so many dudes And I, I wish, I wish technology was a little bit more advanced when they were playing so they could Finish. It gets better every year OCHO so they could finish their careers the way they should have. Because injuries have robbed us to some great stories on some great unfinished stories Because You know, back then ocho, they did that big surgery, they split.


You had everybody, You know, big I'm, when I first got into the league, had that big scar right down the middle, that big zip. But now the take the incision are so small they done got the way they could. They they take part of your patella tendon to repair it. They do cadavers, they do man technology, medical, modern medicine has improved so much. I mean normally if you had a Achilles, that was a death sentence. You had an ACL, that was a death sentence. Now guys come back stronger. Better than that. But like, hold on because look at a Thomas Davis. Thomas Davis had three ACL surgery and came back and played 15, 16 years. Went to the Pro Bowl with I think a first or a second team all pro man it was, You know when you look at it O Joe, it's, but to, to watch him.


'cause I'm old enough to remember, I remember him at Memphis. I remember him going to to Orlando because they made the swap. They traded Chris Weber because Orlando got back to back number one overall picks and they ended up trading Chris c Webb. He ended up going to go, if I'm not mistaken thing good gold is to golden steak and then Orlando swaps out and they get Penny. That thing was something of beauty. Damn. That was a thing of beauty. What, what could have been, what could have been?


This is Ashley, I identity from the Ben and Ashley I almost same as podcast. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try Well with future health you can find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. That is try fh.com. Try Fh.com. Results may vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Database on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Yo, what's good it is Jeff t from Club five 20 podcast here to share some fresh takes on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the only official hamburger of March Madness. I've been checking out the brackets the last couple of days And I really look forward to a couple first round matchups Yukon versus Oklahoma. McNeese Day Birch Clemson. In terms of the teams with a shot to win the whole thing, I really think St. John's has a chance. Coach Rick Patino, who's won two national championships already with a pedigree like his, he can take his team to the top. Now if you're looking for a upset, like I said, I'll take McNee State over Clemson. They have a really strong defense. They create turnovers and Clemson struggles against pressure. Also. Another upset alert could be Xavier over Illinois. Xavier fought their way into the tournament by mooning a playin game And I think they have some scores off the bench and some stars in our team that can really get it done. Stay tuned for more from me for the next couple of weeks. And while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal. Fast food gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can grab a junior bacon and cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. Again, head to Wendy's app to grab $1 Junior Bacon cheeseburger, $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger Marsh Madness.


A 15 by T-Mobile. PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes. That's smart. Glad We can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


Lakers beat the nuggets. 1 21 0 8 win the third straight game during the five game home stand yolk. Jamal Murray was out. LeBron Roy was out. Luca 31 points nine rebounds, seven assists. Luca is his 230 point game. He had a 20 point quarter and a 20 point half woo. So he had it going early. Austin Reeves had it going early. Ocho I mean for the like the first quarter they could not miss a three. They had 45 points. Yeah in the first quarter. Stepped off the gas a little bit in the, in the second quarter. Let 'em get back into the ball game. Stepped on the gas again on the third quarter. Blew the game open.


I think the, the nugget scored 31 32 points in the third quarter, fourth quarter. But it wasn't nearly enough yolk. Excuse me, Luca, 31 points nine rebounds, seven assists. His 230 point game. Officer Reeves had 22.8 assists. But I thought the Lakers played really well. They set the tempo early. They didn't play down to the level of competition nor it two of their best players without, and sometimes you get that ocho, the Warriors made that mistake the other night. They looked at it like, oh Murray not playing. Oh yo not playing. And the next thing You know, you find yourself with a l hung on you. But watching the game Ocho what you thought about the Lakers and how they look tonight. I mean it was impressive. It was very impressive.


Not only did Luca come out and set the tone in the first quarter with 22 in the first quarter actually he set, Luca set the tone for the game. What, what he did in the first quarter coming out with 21 points in the first half in, in the first quarter. And everybody, everybody played. Well most of the time on what happens is when you play a team that doesn't have a player like Murray playing and the other Jo, how you say his name? Joker? No, Loki. Okay. Yoki Yoic. I don't know why I keep calling him. Joker. Yoic playing. You play down to your competition most of the time you end up losing similar to how the, how the Warrior did the other night.


But obviously the, the Lakers didn't do that. They did slow down at some point, but it wasn't enough for the nuggets to get back in the game and they eventually ended up winning the game. So I mean it, it was a good game. Obviously the superstars are out. You would've liked to have seen Jokers playing Anne Murray, LeBron, healthy Luca playing just to see a team at full strength to see what the game would've been like. Yeah, I thought the Lakers, I thought jj, JJ had a good game plan, but when the shots are playing, damn. The game plan. Yeah, I thought they moved the ball early. I think sometimes the Lakers get careless. There are times, look, you just have to accept right. Luca is gonna try some things. I mean he's going outta bounds and he tries to throw a pass behind his back turnover.


And that allowed, that's what allowed the, the nuggets to make this run. It started turning the ball over in the second quarter. Hold on. What he did, what he did going outta what He going outta bounds and trying to throw the ball behind his back to a guy right there up under the basket. I was like, Lord have mercy Luca. But that's Luca. You have to accept the good with the bad. Right Because Listen, that's his game. That's what he, that's how he plays. And Now you think about you have to in the roll with that. You gotta think about it when it come to him. Now you do some things you don't like. You have, you gotta accept the good with the bad, but there's more good than bad when it comes to him when he is playing. Yeah, for sure. Ar man ar has been great. I I like this game. But you could tell And you look at him from the time he got there to where he is now.


Yeah, he's, he's immensely better. You can tell he's a student of the game. You can tell he put time in on his game. You can tell that it's important to him. And that's what I like to see. Regardless of the sport you play, it needs to mean something to you. Right. You gotta want to get better. You can't rest on your laurel. Yeah. He got a three year contract, probably paid him like 13, $14 million. He said nah, I want one of 'em big daddies. Yeah. I want one of them two Hyundais. Yeah. And he going to get it and he would've earned it. Yeah, he would've earned it. And you see why the Lakers were so unwilling to park ways with him. Everybody in every trade always tried to include him and the, a lot of trades broke down because the Lakers were unwilling to part ways with him.


Yeah. They saw the improvement, they saw the mat, the, the maturation getting better from the three, getting better at finishing at the rim. Got Niles handles putting the ball on the floor, got the nice snatch pool. He's really, he's turned himself into an all-star caliber player. And I understand that there are a lot of great guards and You know, you gotta get by Steph And you got Ja And you got Shea Gils And you got Harden, you got some Kyrie, you got some really good guards in in in the Western conference. Right. But man, the way he's playing, he's an Allstar caliber. You know, he's an Allstar caliber player and he can handle the ball. LeBron has trusted him for a very, very long time.


If you go back and look at that, that Memphis Grizzly series, he actually won him a game. LeBron's like, nope, don't give the ball to me, you take it, go win the game board. Yeah. And he's done that. So I, I just love the way he's improved, how he's gotten better and this Laker team, I, I think if they get healthy, I think they can be dangerous. I still think they are big short. Right. But hey, we'll see what, we'll see what happens when the rubber needs to meet the road. Yeah. We listen, You know, the game of basketball very well. So does everybody else, everyone else with the knowledge of the game of basketball has said the same thing about the Lakers. They don't have a big, in order to compete, in order to go as far as you need to go, you're gonna have to have a big, and they, they just don't have it.


But we, we can see, we, we we, we gonna see what they can do with that two headed monster. Once, once LeBron comes back, we'll see what happens. Well 'cause they're gonna be small once Jackson Hayes goes outta the lineup, they're small. Yeah. I mean Kaloko, he's okay. Yeah. A little small height. Okay. Height's fine, but he just don't have enough bricks in his back pocket and so they, You know, people can just uproot him and just move him off and move him off the spot. Oh the spot. Yeah. Yeah. But You know, I mean and there're gonna be some times that probably LeBron's gonna have to slide to the five. Ooh. And You know, I mean 'cause really if you really fake about it, there's not a whole lot of guys that have, You know, Rudy Gobert is not gonna cause you any damage.


Right. Basically, You know, they got hardened stain, they got Chad Holmgren. But when you look at Memphis, Zach, Edie, he's just a big body. He just sits screams and stuff like that. Take Yeah. Space die to the basket. Yeah. Taking the space. Yeah. So you look at the teams now Sung Ung, now he gonna be a problem for the Rockets. Yes sir. Yeah, he's a all star. He's a all star for a reason. But like I said, I like the Lakers. LeBron gets healthy. Luca is Luca come playoff time. He has the high third high scoring. No, he has the second high scoring average in playoff history. With that being said, LeBron healthy, LeBron is a top five in playoff history as far as scoring.


They can do some damage. Right. But I just wish they had another big, I don't know why they signed Alex Lin. Hey, hey uncle, you ain't been too high on Brother Lin. Babe, you you, what's wrong with Brother Lin? He, he, he, he's about, he's probably about 35 days away from being the tallest coach in history. That that's his next profession. It ain't gonna be in the NBA, it's going to be coaching basketball somewhere. Maybe high school. Ocho Ocho the Lakers stopped the bleeding today after a four game skid in which they saw them go from the two seed all the way to the five seed. They got 33 points, 11 rebounds, eight assists from Luca.


They got 28 points from Officer Reeves. Jackson. Hayes matched the season high with 19 and they win 1 0 7 to 96. Kevin Rand had 21 points. De Booker had 19th, 19th for the 11th. Play Suns. The Lakers failed three spots during the west. They lost all four games. They were on the rodeo show and currently a stretch of brutal with seven games in 10 days, including five at home in seven days. A lot of this had to do with, you remember when they had to fire the wildfires in n la? Yeah. They had to make up those games. They gotta make up a game in which San Antonio was supposed to play. That game got postponed. So now it got sandwiched in here. And so now they gotta, they gotta play.


LeBron missed his fourth straight game, but Coach Reddick said LeBron is ramping up towards a return. Probably won't be back until the end of the week, but couldn't come at a better time. Right, because they, they got, they had, they needed to stop the hemorrhaging today. Yeah, they were able to do that. But they're not outta the woods. 'cause I, if I'm not mistaken, they still got, they got the nuggets up on the Yeah, they got the nuggets. They got San Antonio on the, I think they got San Antonio the 17th. That's tomorrow. Wait, oh, I forgot is Wim Wim Weby playing? Weby not playing, is he? Nah, no. Weby. He's Weby is done. Yeah. But I thought, I thought the Lakers played really good.


They needed this type of game from Luca. Luca and Officer Reed. Basically they led the charge. Jackson Hay did a great job of rolling to the rim. That's what Luca wants. Luca wants a guy a big, that's that's, that's agile, that's athletic. Right. He doesn't need to be the best shooter. Can you catch LOBs? How many LOBs did Luca throw him? How many lives did ar throw him? And that's what you need. That's what Hey, just run to the rim son. Yeah. Hey, well hey, when they come to doubling, which they're gonna do, And you did, they did a lot of that late in the ball game to try to get the ball out of Luca's hands and rightfully so. And Luca great awareness. Throw it up, Jack and Hayes brings it down, dunks it home. So I would've loved, man, I just want LeBron to come back and, and, and not have any setbacks and see how this thing plays out for the, the final, You know, 17, 18 games of the regular season.


But I I I, I, I liked the, I liked the way they played today. Got some great production. Gabe Vincent came, came in and gave, gave him some, some quality minutes. But they did a great job of, of, of Katie did not shoot the ball well from the floor. A book did not shoot the ball well from the floor. Bradley Bill did not shoot the ball well from the floor. Hell, I'm not so sure Bradley Bill even scored a point. Did Bradley bill even I'm serious, aren't Joe Right? Did Bradley bill even score Ash? If he did, he had minimal points. He had four points. Ocho. See? Yeah. I, I I think they really, they, they got themselves.


He's on one or two players that have a no trade. He had LeBron. They really want to get on. They wanna move on from Bradley Bill. So, but he don't wanna go nowhere. It's a conversation. It's a conversation that needs to be, had him asking them, asking him, is there somewhere you want to go? Where you would like to play? Someone you would like be, I Kinda like, I kinda like it here. The weather's nice, sunshine. Nah, there's no place I want to go. I, I, I don't think that's true on because he would, he would, he would put forth a little bit more effort, especially when it comes to playing and being, contributing to them offensively. All I've said, they offered him an opportunity. I get I I Where, where you want to go? I mean, you got, I mean, to go, I mean, the team's gotta want you.


Right? You, you don't think, you don't think a team would want 'em. Yeah, but not the team that he potentially wants to go to. Oh, I see. I see what you mean. I see what you mean. Yes. Go Ocho. This is where you do it. You need to be with the girl that likes you, not the girl that you like. Mm. You see, go to the team that wants you, not to the team that where you want to go because the girl didn't like you is going to treat you accordingly. The girl that you like. Listen, I ain't gonna even go to Icho. We not gonna do that today, Ocho We not gonna get into that. You, you, you ain't gotta do it today. You ain't do we'll. Come around to it. That's what you need to do.


Yeah. And see that's the problem. He wants to go to a team That he want, Not the team that wants him. Hey. Using that analogy where people can better understand it. I like that. I like that. I'm just saying Don you, that's Hey, say Ocho, you need to write that down. Oh, hey. That, that's one I don't have to write down. I'm, I've always, I've always lived by that because You know, you, you give me, you give me your know you, you give me your, your your new you. How do you say it? If you give me your, You know what the kiss.


All right, bet. Don't worry about it. Hey, hey. One thing about it, the line, the line is very long. Yeah. You hear me? The line is very long. Oh, Joe, sometimes you got Oh, Joe With those who act, with those who actually will appreciate and, and, and love. Well You know what the, the, the dope clothes now, Oh, Joe, lemme ask you this. Yeah. When someone give you your butt, their butt to kiss, Hey, What did you do to make them pull their pants up, down and turn around and say, kiss my butt? Did you do anything Yeah. To facilitate that? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Most of the time. Well, how you gonna be mad? Yeah. Oh, oh, oh.


But sugar ain't mad. I ain't mad at all. No, but I'm saying how you gonna be upset talking about they give you a butt to kiss when it was you, had they ever given you their butt to kiss before You talking in, in general? I'm, yes. I'm, I'm just speaking hypothetically, I'm saying in General. Oh Yeah. Hypothetical speaking. Yeah. Always. We, we, we always, as, as individuals, we always do things to get people to that point where it's like, ah, You know what, man? Good fuck. And you done had to No, eh, it it is life. Huh? It's life. Okay. Yeah. But You know, it, I mean, it happens. You damn it happens. Yeah. Yeah. But like, like you said, you always always choose who choose you.


Always. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, hey, get your little, get your a uncle little reclamation project. Don't nobody wanna fix old unc up. I, I, Hey, hey, I, I'm a reclamation project. Hey, I ain't a finished project. I'm a reclamation project. I mean, I need a, You know, I need a new roof. Hey, hey, listen, we listen, we all a work in progress. You just have to find someone that's willing to work with you. Everybody want, everybody want a finished product? Ain't no such thing. Nope. There's no such thing as a finished product regards to how it look. You know, it look good. It look good on the outside, but it's a whole lot of work you to get done on the ex, on the on, on the interior.


Ain't ain't nothing wrong with that. You just gotta have the, the right person that is willing to help you, You know, get through that, that process. Yeah. Sometimes the a it's the outside. Sometimes you go inside, you look at it, man, that house ugly, And you go inside like, damn. Yeah man, this you did an unbelievable job. Yeah. And sometimes it's women like that. Sometimes the prettiest women on the outside are the ugliest on the inside. Mm. And sometimes it's vice versa. Right, Right. Yeah, I can, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't quite speak on that. Everyone has been, listen, everyone that has been a part of my life in any faceted way, shape, or form has been phenomenal.


They, they have been phenomenal. You know, like I, I, I, I can, I can, I can really say, I can really say they, they've been great in, in, in my growth as, as, as a man, as a, as a father. So I, I I, I like that. I haven't had, I haven't experienced what you just said in, in that sense, but that, that's, that's a good one I haven't had experienced, so I, I've been lucky. I still got some work to do. Joe. The Volume


famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939. With the best prices on the best cigars, need a smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has your covered head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh trust. The name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, You know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary Subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Wendy's is the official hamburger or March manager, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1. With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grill burgers that Wendy's makes. The junior bacon cheeseburger with the fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato, and mayo. And the hot and juicy double stack with two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese, ketchup, Mercer pickle onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, or a $1 double stack and an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food. Gotta be Wendy's.