
If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus, you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners. Subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, salt Lake City, branch member FDIC. Terms and more@applecard.com.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear, just like a dream. For more, check out bs.com.


What's good, it's Coleen Witt. And Eating While Broke is back for season three. Brought to you by the Black Effect Podcast Network and iHeartRadio. We're serving up some real stories and life lessons from people like Van Latton, DC Young Fly Bone Thugs and Harmony, and many more. They're sharing the dishes that got them through their struggles and the wisdom they gained along the way. We're cooking up something special. So tune in every Thursday, listen to Eating while Broke on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by State Farm like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


The iHeartRadio Music Festival was a blast, and Hyundai's EV lineup was there for every moment in Vegas. Hyundai took VIPs to the Speedway to test drive the 601 horsepower Ionic five n. On Friday. The EV sessions winner was announced. Hyundai's music contest on TikTok the Twist. Their performances were all powered by the all electric Hyundai Ionic five. How cool is that? And after the show, fans got to check out the Hyundai dance floor at House of Music. Thanks again to Hyundai's amazing ev lineup. Learn more@hyundaiusa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine, Ooo, Ooo has all the programs you'll ever need, and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's odo o.com.


The Volume,


TD tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a DraftKings Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score a touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet, just five bucks and get one month free of NFL Plus Premium. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite Unc Shannon Sharpe. This is College Football edition upset style Saturday ocho. That guy, the bottom of your screen is my co-host. He's, let's see, Chad, no, he's from Liberty City. He's a bingo ring of Fame artery. He's a Pro Bowl and he's an all pro Chad Ochocinco Johnson. But everybody just calls him Ocho. Guys, please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And guys, do us one more favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Remember, every subscriber counts, every subscriber matter.


We thank you for helping us matter because it was on your backs, your support, your viewing eyes, your listening ears that helped us get to where we are. So thank you very much again from Unc and OCHO and everybody here at Nightcap, go check out Shay by La Portier. We're about to be in 14 to 16 states by the end of the year. If we're currently not in a state or a city near you, you can order it. We have it in stock, And, we can ship it right to your door. Please go follow my media company's page on all platforms. That's she, she media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out, Unc and OCHO ts are back in stock. If you ordered merch again. If you ordered merch in the last three weeks, it began shipping out last week, as you has told me that some of you guys have gotten your confirmation that it, your order has been shipped.


Thank you for your patience. But again, the Unc and OCHO ts are back in stock. And. if you ordered merch within the last three weeks, it had be, it begun shipping out last week. So hopefully you got your confirmation about your order has been shipped and you should be receiving it very, very shortly. Hey guys, please go vote for us on Signal Awards. Nightcap is nominated Best Live podcast recording. We have a na narrow leave over the the Kelsey Brothers new Heights. We're 41% dead, 38, and the best co-host team. We're currently in fourth place. I know y'all gonna get us up updated to the number one spot. Voting is open through October 17th.


Similarly, the Webbys, you have to create an account with a verified email. Ash tested it through our account and it was not, her vote did not count until she was, until she verified her email. So that's what you're gonna have to do. Create an account with a verified email club. shehe is Norm nominated for popular culture and variety show. Best Athlete Shaping Cultures show and best individual episode. Best guest, Kat Williams. So guys, thank you for your support. We greatly, greatly appreciate it for the Nightcap support, I thank you and Club Shehe, we thank you for your support at Club Shehe. ocho. As I said earlier at the top, this was upset Saturday. Yeah, Arkansas. Oh yeah.


Pulls off an upset down in Fayetteville. Whoa, Sue it. The Razorback get their first AP top wind at home since 1999. Tennessee quarterback Nico. E ooh, ER Amal Er ma. Hey Nico. I don't know what you was thinking when you got the ball. It was six seconds on the clock. Oh, Joe, we're not, we're not gonna be as harsh as if he was a professional player, but that was a Pop Warner move. Why the hell would you run out of bounds with no time on the clock, bro? Throw it in the end zone. Who cares if it get picked?


Pick. You gotta give your guy an opportunity. O Joe. Yeah. Yeah. Gotta you gotta give him a chance. Especially in that, in that, in that case you only got six seconds ago, I think he didn't want to throw a pick. Not knowing that. You gotta throw that up there. Care you got, you got, you gotta give somebody a chance to make a play, especially at the end of the game. And it's no time left on the clock. O Joe. Guess. Whatev guess what else? He hadn't thrown a touchdown, so he was just as likely to throw a touchdown as he was in interception, considering he hadn't thrown either one. So get, there's a 50 50 chance in that situation. You throw a touchdown, you win, you throw the interception, you lose. But guess, guess what happens 100% of the time if you run out bounds in that situation, yeah, you lose.


Yeah. Can't Do that 100% of the time. If you run outta bounds with no time on the clock and you're trailing on the scoreboard, you lose. Yeah, I don't get it. I don't get it. He's a quarterback of a power five school. You have to be of fair intelligence to process information. Recall. I get it. A lot of, a lot of teams ocho, they just hold up the play and the play is what it is. It's not like you regurgitating what you hear come through the headset like in the NFL but Ocho. But you gotta know that you can't do that. You gotta know that we, we can't, we can't blame college. I mean, at, at, at any point on any level.


You know, if it's six seconds on the clock, you gotta put the ball in the end zone and give you a team a chance. You got to. Or at least the opportunity You Oh Joe, you gotta, you gotta, man, come on bro. But give to give Arkansas credit. Hold on. Go on. Huh? For one, they didn't even have to be in this situation. They had four quarters to get the goddamn job done now. Yeah. So can't, we can't talk about just the one play at the end where he made, I hate using the word bonehead, but that's what my coaches used. Just say when I used to make mistakes like this. Yes. That was a bonehead play. Ocho It was. I mean, you, you got, you got you. Just gotta, you gotta make you, you have to have to see that's football iq. That's situational awareness. If I run out bounds, yeah, we guarantee to lose. Yeah.


Okay. Ocho, let's just say for the sake of argument, you throw it to the end zone, they PI guess what, you get another play and you get it at a two yard line. So yeah, you even closer, he took all the, all the probabilities, anything that possibly could have happened, gun bad or indifferent. He ran, he ran outbound. He took that on his back and ran out bounds with it. Yes sir. Yes sir. But hey, listen, this is a learning experience for him because this opportunity or this chance might come again at some point later on in life. And it is maybe, maybe not college, maybe maybe NFL you, you never know where he decides to play at the next level. It it is gonna come again. It's gonna rise again. And he won't make that same mistake. Boy, if he won't make it.


Can you imagine had he done this in the NFL, he would not be able to go home. Oh yeah. You Oh yeah. With no ulto, with no time on the clock, you're down five points. Yeah. And you run outta bounds with no time on the clock. And you don't throw it to the end zone. You don't try to fumble it for you don't do nothing. You guarantee like, you know what he like, I'm, you know what, Arkansas, I'm gonna let y'all lead with the win. You know my name is right. I I what is on, lemme see. Hello as you got this. Say EE you say said, well I'm gonna leave here with a loss.


He said, and you know what the funny, go ahead. You know the, the funny thing about today's games is I looked at the schedule, I looked at the schedule for the games today and I, and I said to myself, you know, well damn, looking at the schedule, today's collegiate games are going to be boring based on the s slate of games that I saw. I was like, well, all the teams that are ranked are basically gonna win the game that win the games that they're playing against their opponents. And hell, man, it was completely different. That's what it was. Completely different than what I expected for, for those that, that that gamble or, or, or, or, or bet on these games. I know you got to be pissed. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Everybody, everybody caught the L because I know for certain you took Alabama over Vanderbilt.


Oh Yeah. Over Vanderbilt. Yeah. Bocho. This is why people love football, because it's one game. It's not a series. You play baseball, you play a basketball or you play, it's the best two out of three. It's the best three out of five. It's the best four out seven. Yeah. But in football, it is not a series. It's one night. And see, the thing is, is that, you know, I can have a bad night in basketball because look at Michael lost game, one of his first NBA finals. They came back to one four straight, had that bad football, it's over. Somebody else went in the Super Bowl, somebody else winning in the national championship. That's why people love football so much. Because on a given night, the best team don't always win, but the team that plays the best will normally win.


But think, think about it, think about some of the, some of the teams that lost night. Think about when Tennessee was ranked at the highest, or Alabama was, was ranked at number one and number two, you know, back in the days where, where they have, when, when, when Saban was there, how often do you see a team that's ranked high loose Or when Florida, the Florida states and the Floridas and, and the University of Miami used to dominate and they were ranked real high, like the chance of them losing the game like this. The teams that are are, that are unranked You got, that's slim the Gun. Huh. Understand. Now this is a conference kind have changed Vanderbilt plays in the conference with Alabama, Arkansas, and Tennessee. Conference rivals. Yeah. Texas, A and m and Missouri. The conference rival now Washington and Michigan, I don't think is, was is Washington in the Big 10 or is it just UCLA and UUSC.


Washington didn't make the trip, did they? Oh, look at, look at USC in Minnesota. Yeah. So the thing is, it, it some, there's a couple of times a year, because I remember Alabama had to go by a block field goal, Tennessee, in order to win a national championship or to come, they was about to lose and not go to the SEC championship game. Right? So we've seen things like this happen before, but some, but normally the, the, the, the higher seed, the number one or number three, number 14, right? They find a way to pull it out at the end and they just had a scare. But what happens Ocho is that when you give a team like that and you go to the fourth quarter, it's over.


And they end the game. They end the game. My grandpa always say, boy, killing that with a sledgehammer. You flock. You, you, you doing all this deal. He gonna come back. He gonna come back and annoy you. And that's what happened. Tennessee number four, Tennessee gets knocked off by unranked on the road. If you think about it, all the, a lot of these teams that lost, they were on the road, were on, they Were on the road. Alabama was on the road, Tennessee was on the road. USC was on the road. Mizzou was on the road. Michigan was on the road. That's five. Now there could be more, but that's five that rode, that lost. So Tennessee, the number four, number four team in the country gets knocked off on the road by the Razorbacks 1914.


That has to feel good. Jerry is extremely happy about that. Also, the biggest upset of the day, Vanderbilt 40, Alabama, 35 long or bottom feet. Autumn feeder Vanderbilt was six, zero and 60 all time versus AP top five teams before today, it's the longest such streak in the poll era. The poll era started in 1936. The Commodore hadn't beat Alabama in 40 years on the field in 40 years. 1984, the 23 game Luther streak to Alabama. This first win against BA since 1984, Vanderbilt goalposts traveled three miles and was dumped in the Cumberland River Fire Department.


Dug it out from tearing down it ended up in the river. It only took Vanderbilt's fans a little over an hour to get that goalpost. Three Bs to dump it in the cu Cumberland River. Nick Saban fun at the Commodore two weeks early on the MacAfee show saying the only place in the SEC that's not hard to play at is Vanderbilt. It's no disrespect to them is just the truth. Vanderbilt has some fun with the quote after the game and played Saban quote on the loudspeaker. Ocho Alabama goes down 40 to 35. The number one, the number one team in the country after they took down the number two team Georgia Bulldogs, who hadn't lost a regular season game and almost three years.


But today, Vanderbilt, I've never seen anything like this. Ocho Yeah, time of possession. 42 minutes and six seconds to 1754. I've never seen that lopsided of a time of possession. Now I'm not saying it hadn't happened, but I'm just saying I hadn't seen it. Go ahead. You know what, you know why it's happening. I'm trying to understand and figure out where is Alabama's defense. They continue to disappear offensively. They, they, they play well. They play well in spurts and then they, they disappear for a little bit and allow team to get back in. When they played Georgia, they had a significant lead and the defense allowed them to come back and get in the game. Today when Alabama defense needed a stop, they couldn't get a stop.


Huh? The couldn't stop all day. I was hoping, I would hope I was hoping they would get a stop just so they can get the ball back again and see if brother Miro could take the boys down and score so they could pull this one off. Today If you think about the OCHO on what the third player of the game, second player of the game, he throws a pick six. It's a fluky pick six. The ball cams up in the air, the guy picks it off, he got strip sack. The guy did a great play. He got him dead to right. It's not good enough to get, just get the sack ocho, he strips the ball out of his hand. Great awareness from him. But the thing was Ocho Vanderbilt was 12 of 18 on third thousand. I don't know if I've ever seen that many third thousands. Do you know how hard it is to get to 18 third down?


Okay, let alone convert 12 of them. 12 of them. Yeah, most definitely. They were 12 of 18 on third down. One of one on on fourth down. And when you dominate time of possession, two and a half to one, let that sink it out. Your two and a half to one. Yeah. Time of possession. Alabama couldn't get the ball back. So even though Alabama was scoring Williams made another her circus catch. He was unbelievable again. Yeah, but when you get the ball back, even because it's not like Vanderbilt was scoring, but they're taking six, eight minutes off the clock. Fuck every time. And so every time you got, they got the quick score. They's like, okay, you got two time outs, Ocho you got two minutes and 38 seconds.


And they got keep getting beat. They, they ran that, they run the, they ran the flow pass and they run the shovel. Anytime they got in trouble on third down and Alabama couldn't stop, they made no jump. They worked every Time and they worked every time. Now I'm not sure, I don't, I don't know if, I don't know if adjustments weren't made, but obviously at some point coaches have to see somebody has to say something. Whoever the spotter is up there in the goddamn booth, call down. Listen, they doing the same thing over and over and over. Every time they get in the third down situation, make adjustments and he play ball. Yeah, Bro, your quarterback opens up. He goes, did you, did you, did you lose sight of the time with number nine, the wide receiver, he runs like a lag and you have the back that goes like he's going the flat and the quarterback shovels to him.


He turns it up, he's picking up first down, he's picking up big major yards. And then they run the flow pass the guy to the flat. Like, like got zero. That's the guy. Yeah, that's your guy. Why you, why where you going bro? Eyes in the backfield, eyes In the backfield ocho Eyes in the backfield. Alabama goes down the number one team in the country on the road against the Vanderbilt Commodores. Normally the guys at Vanderbilt, they're probably gonna be more apt to be financial advisors. They're gonna probably be, not a whole lot of guys end up in the NFL, but hey, today they were better than Alabama. O Joe. Yeah. I got, I got one more question. You probably know the, when it comes to the rankings a little better than I do.


And even though Alabama lost now, what does that mean for their ranking as far as being number one in the AP poll? Does that change? Oh, they gone, they they, they're not being number one. Texas probably moved up to number one 'cause they're the number two seat. Okay. Okay. Yeah. The question is how far will they drop? They did lose to another, but here's the thing, Tennessee, right? They lost to an unranked team. Team USC, they lost Michigan. Number 10. They lost. Yeah. Mizzou was number 10. They lost to an un what? Texas, A MI think was number 25. So they lost. So the question is, how far does everybody drop now Do you think? Do you think Alabama dropped far is simply because it is Alabama?


Yeah, Because an unranked team, that's Vanderbilt. Yeah, but I'm saying, you know, they, they, that that committee, they be playing around when it comes to certain teams. Now. But here's the thing. You got 12 teams this year. It's not a death sentence probably. Okay. Had they, this is the regular format where you're only taking four teams. Right? This probably would've been a death blow. Okay? But because you're taking 12 teams is not life or death now death, you can't have any more slip ups now. You still got Ole Miss, you still got Auburn. You still got LSU on your schedule. Woo. Woohoo. So Alabama, Vanderbilt, 26 first Downs Alabama 17.


Alabama was three of seven. On third down Vanderbilt was 12 of 18. That'll get you beat both quarterbacks threw it well, 18 or 24 for Jalen Mill rope over 300 yards, 310 yards passing. Vanderbilt was 12 of 18, 252 yards passing. So, but the difference was Vanderbilt had 54 carries for 186 yards. When you run the ball 54 times, you're gonna dominate the time of possession because Clark, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, take Tick, tick, tick. Yep. It it's so funny. I think today, as far as rank team rank teams are concerned, today was the day of upsets.


Not only did Alabama, Michigan, USC and Tennessee lose obviously Alabama as well. I mean, the game is going on right now and Cal is beating number eight. Number eight ranked 21, 21 10. Like I, I don't, and it it can be 'cause everybody's playing away. I mean, I understand home field advantage, but not by that much.


Hey guys, it is Ryan. I'm not sure if you know this about me, but I'm a bit of a fun fanatic when I can. I like to work, but I like fun too. And now I can tell you about my favorite place to have fun. Chumba Casino. They have hundreds of social casino style games to choose from. With new games released each week, you can play for free and each day brings a new chance to collect daily bonuses. So join me in the fun sign up now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino, no purchase necessary v GW Group Void, where prohibited by law. 18 plus terms of conditions apply.


Listen, I've always loved soccer since I was a little kid. I'll never forget in the eighties, my grandfather watching, that's where my love and passion for the game came from. I think my love for it, even still to this day, is because I was never able to play or play at the highest level. But that love and passion for soccer has always been there and it's still there to this day. Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. Listen, we're talking Man. City Madrid, Barcelona. Enter in AC Milan, Liverpool Arsenal, Aventus by Munich, PSG, and so much more. All in one ultimate tournament. It champions playing champions. And here in the states it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and win dates because nobody watches UA. For Champions League like us Stream every UA for Champion League match. Live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


This is an ad from Better Help. Unfortunately, humans don't come with an owner's manual. There are no simple instructions for what to do when you're feeling down or having relationship problems or family conflict. That's when therapy can help. And Better Help is a convenient way to get started. It's 100% online, flexible and surprisingly affordable. Connect with a licensed therapist by phone, video, or online chat at a time that works for you. Visit better help.com to learn more. That's better. HE p.com.


Need New glasses or wanna fresh new style? Warby Parker has you covered glasses. Start at just 95 bucks, including anti-reflective scratch resistant prescription lenses that block 100% of UV rays. Every frame's designed in-House with a huge selection of styles for every face shape. And with Warby Parker's free Home Tryon program, you can order five pairs to try at home for free. Shipping is free both ways too. Go to warby parker.com/cupboard to try five pairs of frames at home for free. Warby parker.com/cupboard


The holidays are here. And The Home Depot has everything you need to stay connected with smart home upgrades. Whether you're keeping an eye out for the big guy or keeping an eye on your family. The Home Depot has you covered with great tech like the Ring Indoor camera two pack with advanced motion detection. two-Way talk and Color Night Vision. Plus get your smart home devices the smart way with free delivery. Get holiday ready with seasonal savings happening now at The. Home Depot. Subject to availability. Seal home Depot dot com slash delivery for details.


It's different Ocho it's different. You gotta deal a lot with college kids. A lot of times the moment the lights get bright, they're not used to being in that environment. And look, Alabama came off. That's an emotional win last week. Ocho, you take down the Georgia Bulldogs who hadn't lost in almost three years a regular season game. You take them down, you going to play Vanderbilt. Vanderbilt is the doormat. Hey Vanderbilt's, everybody's homecoming. I I no disrespect, but people put Vanderbilt on their schedule for homecoming, right? Because our alumni is coming back. We want to get the students a excited, we want the alumni to see us kick somebody's ass. That's what you, that's what you, that's who you schedule. You schedule Vanderbilt.


Right? But they got that pick six. They gotta, they got it early and it's like, hold on, wait a minute. They started running the football ocho. They that set the tone and the one listen play like that. It make it make you believe. It make you believe. Like hold on, we can play with these fellas. Hold on. We can play with these boys. And that's exactly what happened. The one thing Alabama prides itself on OCHO being able to stop the run. Yeah. Nick Saban played the 34. That defense was 34 defense. They had them big hogs up there, the outside linebackers. Yeah. Stopped the run. The thing that's always given him problem because he is done a great job of stopping the run was mobile quarterbacks.


You look at who's beating Coach Saban, go back and take a look. Cam Newton, Johnny Manzel, Deshaun Watson, what do all those guys have in common? Legs? They can Run Legs. Yeah. If you have a little mobility, Trevor Lawrence, Cordell Jones, thousand, the type of guys, Johnny Football, Johnny Manzel, look at those are the guys that normally give Coach Saban defense trouble because Coach Saban does a great job. I mean, you guys go back, I, the only time I could think of somebody just like, just ran the ball d their throat with o Ohio State in the college football playoff with Zeke went for like 2 25, 2 40.


Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. That was the only time that I can remember off the top of my head. Now, mobile quarterbacks give him problems because they're elusive in the a you drop coverage and, and you guys run past him and they jump out the window and they get a take take off down the field. Right? But today Vanderbilt just lined up and just ran the football and had great success running the football, which you don't normally see against Alabama. Right. Because Alabama has a lot of guys on the defensive line and linebackers and even corners and safeties. That's gonna play on Sundays. You go to Alabama, you wanna play on Sundays. O Joe, let's, let's, let's not sugarcoat. So, So I mean, with a loss like today, what do you think the problem is?


It, it can be coaching. 'cause if you have a team full of four and five star players, a game shouldn't look like that. Especially when you got those halls up there in the trenches. I mean, they could you you couldn't stop the run. Yeah. Hell, they couldn't stop the pass. So do they have that many, many players that are good enough to go to the NFL or will be going to the draft this year? Well, that's the thing about college football or Cho, is that it's easy for those guys to lose focus. You gotta realize now you're dealing with 18, 19, 20 year olds Lose focus. Yes. Yes. What, lemme ask you a question. When you're 18, 19-year-old, did you have the same focus you had age 26. It's a simple yes or no.


Exactly. That's the Point. Yeah, but I'm talking about on that field, you locked in no matter what. You're A kid Ocho. That's why I didn't beat the, I didn't beat the kid kid up from Alabama. He's a kid. He 18, 19, 20 maybe. Huh? How old is he? Yeah, Tennessee. Yeah, I'm saying, what did I say? Oh, that's why I didn't beat him up the kid. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, that's a horrible mistake. That's a horrible lapse in judgment, but Right. Can what if that had been an NFL player? Oh, bad. Well, you know, NFL player will understand situational awareness especially, especially in that, and that that's gonna come into your goddamn headset. Listen, you gotta give us a chance.


No, we, we, we can't. First thing that come take through that, through that headset. You gotta give us a chance. If nothing there, you gotta throw it up. Oh Joe, we've seen guys run out of the end zone. That's NFL quarterbacks we've seen guys make about Dan, talking about Dan, we've seen, we've seen quarterbacks make bonehead plays. Like have a guy and throw the ball outta the end zone. Like bro, where you throwing the ball? Yeah. Why would you throw the ball? But, but, but as an 18, 19-year-old Yes. That's the hardest thing is to keep the guys focused because they have the attention span of an 18, 19-year-old is not that of a 25, 20 7-year-old. That's, look and I understand the NIL money, the collective money and they get, get some money now I get that, but the focus is not that of a professional.


'cause you understand these still kids, I mean, some kids are mature. I'm not saying all of them mocho, but I'm saying it's harder to keep, get young guys to have a singular focus than say NFL guys. But you know, that's, there's no excuse for him. No excuse for him running outta bounds. Right? They, there's no excuse for that. But, but we saw it last week Ocho that the guys lose a little focus here and it doesn't take much now. Yeah, Because the game is, look, the game is like inches not miles. You have a lapse in judgment. It's a touchdown. Oh yeah.


That's it. It's a touchdown. But give Vanderbilt credit. I mean, they got tired of me that two and two one and one in the conference. I'm sure they get tired of hearing with the weak link. I mean, y'all just collect the checks. Y'all, everybody, y'all get y'all 45, $50 million that, that the SEC dole out after everything that's happening. Y'all happy with that, right? Y'all got a big old endowment, but y'all ain't really trying to win no football games. First of all, it's so damn hard to get into there. I mean, I ain't going man, look at, I'm not finna spend all my time studying. I'm majoring in eligibility, which means I'm trying to stay on the field to get to the next level. Show y'all not Finn, have me in study hall. 5, 6, 7, 8, 10 hours a a week.


Oh hell no. In the library writing for doing projects. Oh no. So I majored in football. That's my major. And it's the process if I gotta get a degree in, in political science or history or criminal justice. Okay, Well listen, were we on the same page? Are we on the same page? Yeah. Now you know, my brother, he was there to go into summer school, got two degrees. Now the only degree I was trying to get was like a sunan. It was 105 in Savannah. That was the only degrees. 105 degrees. Yeah. No, I, no, I got, I was like, I'm here now. I might as well. I might as well, you know, go to class and, and get my schoolwork.


Like my grandson said, get your lesson, son. Get your lesson. You dying there, son. Get your lesson. Might as well As well o you, I was dying there then. But Vanderbilt pulls off one of the biggest sets in the last decade at least. Taking down number one, Alabama 40 to 35. They dominate time of possession. 42 minutes and eight seconds to 17 minutes and 52 seconds. Give a Alabama give Vanderbilt credit. They won. They deserve to win. They outplayed 'em today. Texas, A and m at home. Hey, upsets, Mizzou 41 to 10. Texas, A and m Cornerback will lead the second, the third, third. He's nicknamed the blanket. He sent this blanket and a note to the Missouri wide, wide receiver, Theo, we Theo Weese, I jr.


Ahead of the game, A warm welcome to College Station. I like it. Get used to this blanket. It will be, it will be real tomorrow. Will the blanket Wow. Sit homeboy. Hey listen, we've pulled up wearing the blanket that would've held him to zero catches in the first half. Will Blanket Lee tweeted after the game. It wasn't me. Libby Mo ran for 138 yards with three touchdown career high, 138 yards as Texas, A and m had in Missouri. Its first loss with a 41 10 victory. A and m was up 24 0 at the half. Right. And Pat, the lead with Moss went 75 yards or a touchdown on the first player of the third quarter.


Coach Ditz said he was embarrassed by his team's performance. He was, we weren't. And that's not the Mizzou foot. That's not Mizzou football. He said Yeah. What was Mizzou ranked? Mizzou was ranked What number 10. Number nine or 10. Woo. And and they, they were on the road. I saw, I saw, I saw a little bit of this Game. MOU was ranked number nine. No, they were on the road. Yes. Mizzou was on the road at Texas. A m all the teams that lost were on the road today. That's crazy. That's Oh, I like, I like, I like Will Lee. I like the little message he sent.


Even if, even if he didn't do it, I like it because not only did, if he didn't do it, he backed it up. Well, you gotta back it up if you do it Heep backed it up. I mean, it just, it it made, it made watching the game exciting because now I'm locked in. I wanna see how Theo, Theo, we respond to getting a blanket. Now I wanna see if William Lee blanket the blanket ak the blanket if he really liked that. So that, that made it exciting for me. But I mean, hell, Texas, A and m dominant the whole goddamn game. Yep. It made me think maybe Mizzou was ranked. Well they, I, it made me think Mizzou wasn't supposed to be ranked the way they look today. Yeah. Number nine, Way in hell.


Texas, A and m that much better. You know, Ocho you know, it is a situation where you are on the road and a team get out. It's, it can easily get outta hand. Yeah. You saw last week Georgia fall back, but you saw it was 28, nothing in the blink of an eye. And that was the number two team in the country. Yeah. So you have to be careful when you're on the road. Crowd gets into it, you get, you know, you fall down seven, nothing. You come out, you go three and out. Next thing you know you're down 14, nothing. And all of a sudden, sudden you got the crowd into the game. Now it's harder for you to hear. Guys hadn't been in that situation before and before you know it, the game gets outta hand. 24, nothing.


And that crowd is rocking in the house that Johnny built. And it is over, it was over. The score was at the end of the third quarter. The score was 34 7. So Texas, A and M, the number 25 Texas, A and m Aggies take down the number nine Missouri Tigers 41 to 10 as Texas. A and M is now five and one they're three. And oh in the conference, Missouri four and one one and one in the conference. Minnesota upset Trojans, the number 11 Trojans 24 17. The men of Troy Broer on fourth and gold sneak Max Broer powered into the end zone from Minnesota on the fourth and goal from the one yard line with 56 seconds left.


Breaking the tie with a third Russian touchdown of the game with the Trojans three and two one and two in the big 10 out of time Miles Miller Moss moved them within striking range before a heve from the 28th into double coverage was picked off into the end zone. USC hosts Penn State next Saturday. The Trojans and the Mily, not ney. Lions last met in the Rose Bowl in January 2nd, 2017. Yeah. Oh yeah. That's when Saquon Saquon went crazy. But I think they ended up losing. Yeah, SC won. That should be a good game Because that's when Sam, Sam was that Sam Darna that had that field day?


Yeah. It had to be because Saquon ran went crazy, but it wasn't enough to overcome. I think it was Sam. Yeah. Lee SC 24 to 17 Unranked, Minnesota. Okay. Oh, so that's twice unranked teams that's ranked team. Yeah. At home. Boom. Wait, I mean USC USC wasn't that, I mean I I hate saying it like that, that USC wasn't that good to begin with, man, They number 11 in the country. Yeah, but they, they not man.


They, they don't, they don't remind me of the U-S-C-O-O man. Well the USCO you gotta go back 20 years to talk about Reggie Bush. You talking about them? Yeah, yeah. I'm talking about, and listen, they always got some gangster receivers too. Huh? They Still Got a few, still got some good receivers. I said gangster Every, every receiver is good. I'm talking about like Where, okay, where was the last, where was the, I gotta tune it because so and so was playing. I mean, you take Drake London outta the mid, you gotta go way, way back to USE having gangster receivers. Whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on Now Juju Smith, Mike Williams. You Do realize how long that's been. Hold on. I'm trying to think who else it they done had some dogs come through there now.


Yes. Yes. They've had some bag Good receivers come through there. Lynn Sw. Yes. Oh, come on Ke way you done went way back. That What? That didn't Jar. I'm Talking, I'm, I'm talking about a little bit more recent now. A little bit more recent. Drake, London. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Drake was nice. You know, that's, that, that was it. I called it that must see tv. It, it just, it's just not the same that the appeal, the excitement when certain teams are playing because there's really nobody watch hell when Ohio State play, God damn, I wanna see Jeremiah Smith with Alabama playing. Hell I wanna see Ryan Williams. Yes. If Colorado's playing, I wanna see what the hell Travis Hunter Finn to do.


Yeah. But everybody ain't got those guys. Ocho that's just like, everybody ain't got a Shadu Sanders. Every, every, every college, every college should have at least one that puts, that puts asses in the seats and, and puts eyes on the tv. At least one. All you need is one Where they gonna get 'em from. If you a top, you go into one of those schools That's not, that's not like that Well the money Right. How many schools you think got money like that? Oh. Oh, they got it now. You heard me? They got it now. Oh. Oh, they got it now. But them schools not paying it. So you think so you think boys you think Boys State go go out there and drop a million dollars, 1,000,005 on a wire receipt?


No, lemme ask you question. If Travis Hunt, if Dion is not at Colorado, Travis Hunter going to Colorado. No. You know what? That's a good, that's a good question. Ain't a good question. You know he's not, he was already at Florida State till Dion flipped him. Hey, could you imagine if he was at Florida State right now? Hell, it don't matter. We when he would still be doing the same goddamn thing. Now I understand. Now what I can understand is why receivers, because you know Lincoln Riley knows offense. He's gonna have a quarterback that could throw the ball. I don't know why. If I'm a wide receiver, hell, that's one of the first places I'm looking at. I wanna go. Yeah. USC. Yeah, because I know Lincoln Riley gonna dial it up.


All them Heisman Trophy winning quarterbacks. He's unco un coached. Right. The offense that is, that's that's very NFL friendly because they're gonna throw it. They're gonna spread it around. Yes. I'm looking at USC ain't the big Hollywood exec. Hell, they got money at USC. Hell, they flipped Jordan Addison, I forgot about Jordan Anderson. He, he won the Belin cuff award at Pit and next year he, that Was, he was nice and shit. Hell, hell, he's still nice. Matter of fact, we get to see him And, we get to see Jordan Addison playing about, what, six more hours. Yeah, I'm ready for that. But the Golden Gophers of Minnesota take down the number 11 men of Troy.


24 to 17. A late touchdown run. Seals the deal as Minnesota 24 unranked number 11 USC, the Trojans 17.


I'm Victoria Cash and I wanna invite you to a place called Lucky Land, where you can play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. So what are you waiting for? The best way to discover your luck is to spin. So go to lucky land slots.com. That's lucky lands slots.com And get lucky today at Lucky Land, no purchase necessary. VGW Group Boyd, were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Listen, I've always loved soccer since I was a little kid. I'll never forget in the eighties, my grandfather watching. That's where my love and passion for the game came from. I think my love for it, even still to this day, is because I was never able to play or play at the highest level. But that love and passion for soccer has always been there and it's still there to this day.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and it's bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with a whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. Listen, we're talking Man. City Madrid, Barcelona. Enter in ac Milan, Liverpool Arsenal, Juventus by Munich, PSG, and so much more. All in one ultimate tournament. If champions, playing champions and here in the States, it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and win because nobody watches UA. For Champions League like us Stream every UA for Champion League match. Live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up to date.


The holidays are here. And The Home Depot has everything you need to stay connected with smart home upgrades. Whether you're keeping an eye out for the big guy, Ho, ho, Ho, or keeping an eye on your family. The Home Depot has you covered with great tech like the Ring Indoor camera two pack with advanced motion detection, two-Way talk and Color Night Vision. Plus get your smart home devices the smart way with free delivery. Get holiday ready with seasonal savings happening now at The. Home Depot. Subject to availability. See home Depot dot com slash delivery for


details. What's good Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosion, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on the tear be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more, check out bo.com


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I like it too. This is is a perfect thing. Billy Kansas State is being overlooked because of what happened at BYU. Mike Gundy is, is a snot head. His perm is finally catching up to him. They lost at home to Utah. It's another one I like. Will Howard, you know he's the quarterback at Kansas State. He's not there anymore. He was last year. Will Howard used to be the quarterback at Kansas State. Now it's a guy with long hair. Right name is Avery Johnson. Avery Johnson. Yeah. He used to coach Alabama. Now he's admir the quarterback. Admir. Now he's the quarterback at Kansas State. I love the the Kansas State Purple. Wild Wild Cats. There it is. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Huskies beat the number 10 Michigan Wolverine on Saturday night in a rematch of last season's college football playoff championship game. Will Rogers threw for 271 yards in a pair of first half touchdown. Jonah Coleman one yard TD run with 6 22 left Gabe Washington to lead the loss Snapped Michigan 24 game Big 10 regular season win streak. OCHO Hey Michigan gotta stop running that ball man. They they need to put the ball in the air. Wait, wait. Well who Put the ball in the air with who? I mean that, that's the, that's the whole, that's the whole point. You can't, you listen, you can't run the ball down everybody. You can't run the ball down.


Everybody throw, you can't, You can't throw it if you ain't got people that's capable of throwing it either. I mean, listen, I know the quarterback ain't that goddamn damn bad. It clearly he is Because they clearly is because the coach, the the coaches. See if that what I tell people Ocho you gotta realize players and coaches see these players every damn at practice. We know what they can and can't do. Bad play him. What? They better not play him. Yeah, you right. You right. You right. You're right. Right. 10 of 18 ocho. 10 of 1898 yards. Three or seven 15 yards. They threw the ball for 113 yards.


10 of 18. They were 13 of 25. So they were slightly above. So what's that? 52 50 3% in college for 113 yards. And you talking about throw it? Yeah you can't throw catch but you not gonna win many games like that. You not. You not. That's not in one game. Last Games They ran everybody at the stadium. Oh no. I'm saying if you don't, they don't have what they had last year though. They don't They Oh no, no. Absolutely not. A lot of those guys playing on Sundays. They playing, they playing on Sundays right now.


But they don't have right now Ocho, they don't have the quarterback that they have confidence in that consistently drop back and throw the football. And I'm not saying 'cause that's why you have 30. I mean if you think about it, that's 62. That's 62 plays and they ran the ball. 37 Times's crazy. I mean they got crazy. Four and a half yards of carry, which isn't bad. They're trying to shorten the game. We don't want, they're telling their quarterback, we don't need you to win the game. We just don't need you to lose it. Yeah. So we are gonna put you at the most favorable situation we possibly can. We wanted to be right. If we throw the football, we want it to be third and short. We wanna play at, we wanna boot, we want get you on edges.


So we cut down half the field Ocho, you know, a lot of times when you could run the boot, you cut down half the field. Right. You're not worried about the backside. I want the quarterback just focus from the hash To the sideline. Yeah, But Unranked Washington at home takes down the number 10 Wolverines of Michigan. Damn. Did they, Hey did they pay coach yet? Did they pay the coach yet at Michigan? Nah, but what they in week six, ain't it? Yep. Oh they in week seven, week Six. Man, they better man. You better cut my check man. You got me going through this.


Okay. Ocho Aston Genty goes off for 186 yards in three touchdowns on 13 first half carries in Boise State's victory over Utah State. Genty became only the eighth. FBS running back since 1996 to Eclipse 1000 yards rushing in his first five games. A list that includes, that's crazy man. Ricky Williams and Leonard Fornet, he already has 1000 yards rushing through five games and he doesn't even have a hundred Carries. For context, Barry needed 130 Carries to gain a thousand yards in his record setting season in which he finished with 2,628 yards.


But here's the thing, Ocho Yeah. Barry had 225 yards and five touchdown in a bowl game that didn't count. So he'd have been over 2,800 yards, 40 plus touchdowns in 13 games. Yeah. Yeah. I mean Barry Barry's a different, different case. But this young man here, after watching him tonight, ocho. Oh this dude here man, he for real. Oh yeah, he nice. He nice. How tall is he? Huh? You think he look like he remind me of Darren Spro a little a bigger Darren Spro Ocho. I was about to say he look like he like 5 8, 5 9. That's what I'm thinking. Okay. Yeah, I I know I wasn't tripping. Nah, Nah, nah, nah, nah. He not, he. You think he, he, I mean he compact now. He put together now he stopped.


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He is, he is he like a, you think he a four three guy or No, He look fast man because he break it out. He at least four four. Oh Joe. Okay. Or, or the guys, he gonna, He gonna play on Sundays, put up numbers like that. Huh? Huh? He gonna play on Sundays putting up numbers like that. Oh yeah, For sure. Right now he done bought it to the lead in the Heisman race. Oh yeah. Okay, okay. Yeah, you right. Gent now has a thousand, he has 90 carries 1004 yards with 15 touchdowns in five games. That's, you know, you know what, well they try to use him not playing against elite competition against, against him because you know, you know the scouts are good.


They, they good for doing that. They, they good for doing that. Would you be able to do this at any other, any other school? I don't give a damn who playing Against C or the EC. He could be playing against gal. Your dad, he run for 2,800 yards. They better get that man that Heisman don him down, who he played against. Do y'all understand how much 20 ocho this dude is gonna pace the average 10 yards of carry. Carry. Yeah. Yeah. 10. He has a, he has a thousand yards in five games on 90 carries. Yeah. Yeah. I just listen, I Know how stop he could, I'd let him play. I was like, look here son, I'm gonna give you two series in the third quarter.


Right. I'm gonna try to let him get 300 because I know there gonna be some games that possibly Ocho, he don't have rush games like this. Now everybody gonna be Barry because Barry was rushing for 300 against Oklahoma. He's rushing for 2085 against Nebraska. That's A real deal. Yeah, Barry, Barry was a different animal though. But this kid here, I mean watching him tonight, I said, lemme see what, lemme see what he, what he, what he really got going on. He nice. Yeah, he nice. Yeah. United. Yeah. Hey do, do you know when they would play better competition? I wanna See if the better. What are They in Competition. Where? Where's a good, a good defense? The The mountain west?


Yeah. The what? The mountain west. They got Hawaii. UNLV. Anybody ranked on their schedule? UNLB is ranked. Wait. You what? U-N-U-N-L-B. What was it ranked like 20 something. Yeah. But they just lost though, so, alright, now it's time for Money Moves sponsored by DraftKings. Genty now has the best odds to win the Heisman Genty plus 2 25 Travis Hunter plus three 20 Cam Ward plus 900 Jalen Mill plus 1000.


Well, I mean, hold on Now wait, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Let's, let's wait a minute. Jalen Mill, do things change now that they've lost? They just factor that in. Just updated. They just factor that in, don't you? Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. And I, I'm sure Travis Hunter will, Travis Hunter's case for Heisman will continue to rise, especially when he has a great showing against K State coming up this weekend. Yeah, yeah. Okay. But, but here's the thing though, Ocho, you just said, what about the competition? Now what happens when Gente rushed for 300 yards? What is, what is his stock gonna do?


Yeah, The dude had hundred 86 on 13 carries OCHO and didn't play a snap in the second half. Yeah. That, oh, that's, Hey, why do coaches do that? Why we don't wanna, why Not let him obliterate the record? Yeah. Because they're gonna say, well, we don't want to get him hurt. You know, because kid, because Ocho, they had a, they was like up like 40, 49 to like 10 at the house. You get him nicked in a game, they're like, why you got him at that game? Oh. Until, you know what's coming. Yeah. Okay, okay, okay, okay. I I got you. I got you. It makes sense. But shit, cam, well, cam boy gotta pick it up, man. His second half now, He gotta do. Yeah, he does.


He gotta pick it up. I Mean, look, it, it's happened to me because I, it happened to me Ocho my senior year in college. We get, like, I remember the first game of the season, I had like five catchers, a buck 50 and two touchdowns. So I'm saying, I'm thinking to myself, oh I'm going for three. Coach told me leave my pads in the locker room. I said, coach, I know you, you, I know you were mad. What Ocho? I said, coach, coach, I can get three. He said, son, you gonna play on Sundays. If something happened to you, I'll never forgive myself. Right. That's, that's one thing. Coach. Coach, listen. Oh Joe, you know I ain't trying to hear that.


He ain't trying to hear that. We ain't trying to hear that. Sometimes your coaches gotta save you for yourself though. He does. I did. He did the same thing. Coach Gotta save you Myself. What I have, I had 10 for like 2 0 5 and four touchdowns against Clark. He said, come on son, you done done enough. I said, Cole. Right. Lemme get five touchdowns. Oh. So I tried. I I know. Oh man. Oh, I was trying to sneak on the field, man. I was on the field. Hey, then it went out there and go call a pan. O snuck on the field. Right. Man, coach. Hey then done told coach David, man Sharp out there. He done called a tire. OII get that touchdown ocho. I had a to, I had a to poke by quarterback.


I said, poke. Yeah. And throw me this fade because he looked at me like, man, what you do there? I thought they took you out. I said, man, shut up and throw me this fade, man. Then I told Mac, Mac to Coach Davis. Hey Coach Sharp back out there. I running down the sideline. I Said, get your ass out the game. Stab the ball. Stab the snap it. Damn. Hell nah. Now that's funny man. Man, Ocho I been, I was trying to get me some stats. I mean, think about Ocho. I had 60 catches. 1300 yards of 18 touchdowns. Woo. Just think about what I coulda had 18 touchdowns on 60 catches.


Hey, that was your senior year? Yes. I was like, man, oh man, I'm trying to, I'm trying to get some easy I Oh, and and them some good numbers there, bro. Well I was trying to give me some, oh man. Oh, try I had what, 1, 2, 3, like three of my first five games. I had five, I had two oh yards in a game. I went for like one 50. I went for 2 21, 1 54. 2 0 9. Oh no. 2 0 2, 2 0 4. I was cooking and coach pulling. I said, oh Man, Hell, I thought he was playing for the other team. I said, you coaching bill or you coaching bill?


Hey, hey. Them some good numbers now them them video. I'm, Hey, you was putting up, hey you putting up video game numbers, but oh, Cho man, I went, hold on. I went, I went, I went like nine. I went like nine, 10. I might've went like 11, 12 might've been like 12 games in a row. I had at least a hundred yards receiving. Right. Touchdown. Have a touchdown at like 19 straight games. Don't you? That's difficult to do on any level. Yeah. Because at some point coordinators gotta pay attention. Listen, if they gonna beat us, it ain't gonna be number two.


I take, I take you that much. Not well. Somebody gonna be wide open because if you put two on me, I'm gonna jump over the top of 'em and catch it. Yeah, yeah. Two way, two way two ain't gonna do it number man. You ain't listen, you ain't had no bounce like that. Man. Come on man. But you gotta understand. So we drove the, we took the bus everywhere. So we get, when we get there, you know we have our pa we have our helmets and shoulder pad and our hands and so we just have our cutoff shirts. You know who got off the bus first? Oh, Ocho. I been up that sun, so I'm good. I'm just color right here. Ocho. I'm come up, up arm hanging. What? Yeah. Hey, you see them? Look, they pointing.


That's him. That's, that's sharp. That that number two. That's him. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's me. You gonna get it. You gonna get, man, I'm the best thing going right now. I'm better than the Cosby Show. Watch me. Oh, I was cooking though too. I was cook it back then. Yeah. I got, I gotta, I gotta find me some film on this. Oh, I was cooking. Oh, on Folk Valley. You got, you got, you got some vh. You got some VHS film. I get just legend. See you, boy. How I going deep on them? Yeah. I Got, I gotta see this. I gotta see these highlights. Something. There it is. Hey there. It's that shot for another one. Oh, oh yeah. About cooking them.


I gotta see this Shado now tossed the race for the first quarterback drafted. ESPN poll 20 NFL Scouts and Executive who evaluate college players to sue to see where they stood on the top quarterback in 2025. NFL draft the variance of the approved TA telling Shado got nine votes. Carson Beck got five votes. Jalen Mill got four votes. Cam Ward got one vote vote. Quinn ERs got one vote. Ocho. Do you think Shado will be the first quarterback selected? Absolutely. Absolutely. He's gonna be the first quarterback selected. The unfortunate situation about him being the first quarterback selected is the situation that he's going into that that's it.


That, that's all I'm worried about. I don't, I don't want it to be another incident like that that of Bryce Young and what was going on with him in, in Carolina. I hope wherever Shado does go, they have pieces that are already in place in in around them. And if they don't, I would love to know their long-term, short-term goals and putting the pieces around him to make sure he's able to be a successful quarterback at the next level. Well, UR has had a productive year. He's led miraculous comeback against Baylor. He's thrown 14 touchdowns with three inceptions. He's number six nationally in passing yards, playing under the longtime NFL offensive coach Pat Shermer, which has led an evolution of more than NFL style offense.


See, this is what I love. By time, let me go get somebody that's gonna get my son ready. Yeah, yeah. That can play what at the next coaches a pro style offense. Get him ready to play a pro style game. There are videos are going around to talk. Mark Davis Shado was on a bye week. He was at the ACEs game last night. The ACEs won. Congratulations. My girl, Kelsey Plum, Asia Wilson. Ah man. Did you see that wraparound pass by Chelsea Gray? How she had that thing, this light? Ah, take that with jazz. Yeah, Asia, they played really well. Tiffany Hayes did an unbelievable job. Jackie Young, they won, but he was at the game and Mark Davis was talking with Shado at the ACEs game last night, said, who knows?


You might be home now. Hmm. Hey, it sound good. I like it. I like it. But you know how, you know how owners are they gonna say anything? They gonna say anything to you and say your dream now they gonna say your dream. It might not be the Raiders that had that first pick, but they might because they do need a quarterback. Ain't no telling how high they'll jump in the draft to go get him. Right. Well, ain't no telling. He is like, he just say, well, just tell me where y'all picking at. I'll let you know because like his dad did, they called his dad into the Giants. He go, I think, I think Time told the story. He's like told Story the Giants wanted to do an interview with time at the combine.


Oh, he was like, for what? Yeah. He's like, hold on, what y'all picking? Like, oh, we picking 13. He said, I ain't gonna be there. I ain't gonna be there. Man, time. Stupid man. It got up, got up and walked out. Hey, that's a good one. That is a good one, Man. Like I said, man, people don't realize how special time was. I know y'all get y'all, y'all, y'all watching and you see some highlights of him and you hear him talk. I don't do, I don't do you no Justice. You don't do him no justice, no footage don't. Because you need to see the speed you need to see because I think a lot of times don't show because the brashness, it superseded his talent. If you could imagine that.


Right. And he was talented, beyond talented. But boy, that joke of their man. Real deal. The Volume.


Hey, what's up? I'm Jared Goff, quarterback for the Detroit Lions Abercrombie's NFL partnership kicked off last year. And, if you haven't shopped there recently, I'll tell you exactly where to start first. Abercrombie's denim quality is unmatched. I'm a fan of their loose gene. It's really in right now. And the athletic fit has extra room in the thigh. I need make sure to hit up Abercrombie Essentials collection for tees and their bestselling essential popover hoodie. My wife is notorious for stealing that. So you might want to grab a few shop Abercrombie to see what everyone's talking about.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, you turn on that switch. No one can stop you. For more, check out bows.com.


Looking for a fast and comfortable head shave. Check out the Remington Balder pro head shaver designed to give you a smooth shave and head in under two minutes. The Balder Pro head shaver features a Power Flex 360 degree neck and five dual track heads that pivot and contour. To ensure maximum skin contact on all sides from the number one brand of head shavers in the us. Go to balder pro.com for 15% off today based on two day growth source rcna retail tracking service, US sales, 12 months ending April, 2024.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. People always say it's good to unwind, but that's easier said than done. The exception Chumba Casino, they actually make it easier done than set or at least the same. Cchu. A casino is an online social casino with hundreds of casino style games like slots and blackjack. Play for fun, play for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Sign up now. Collect your free welcome bonus@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chua Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. Where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine odu ODU has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's OD o.com.