
And the dream Season is now complete. The Golden State Warriors of the 2015 NBA Champion on the new limited podcast series Dubb Dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examined the controversial move that made it possible. It's Never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Cam Ramon at Amela Ortiz and our podcast Atho is where sports, music and fitness collide and we cover it all. This season we sit down with history makers like the Sukar family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts, The Volume.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and welcome to another episode of Nightcap. Thank you guys for joining us as the Golden State Warriors. The number seven seed, take down the number two seed. Houston Rockets by score of 1 0 3 to 89. They go on the road just like they did last time. They went and won a championship. They went on the road beat Sacramento. In Sacramento. Steph Curry had 53. It wasn't Steph this time, it was Buddy Hill, but he got great contribution from Draymond, Jimmy Butler and Steph caught fight in the fourth quarter and they win going away. 1 0 3 to 89. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host, the Liberty City Legend, the Bingle Ring of Fame honoree, a pro bowler an all pro.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson, AKA peppy. And also join us to talk about all things basketball from University of Arkansas. Atlanta's own number seven iso. Joe Johnson. Joe, thanks for joining us. Again. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We thank you from the bottom of our heart for the support that you've given us. Hopefully you'll continue to give us that support because you've been very good with that. OCHO and I and everything Nightcap greatly appreciate your support. Make sure you check out Shade by La Portier.


We do have it in stock and if you cannot find it in a city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Just won the gold medal for Taste Premium Cognac. Yes, we're that good. So make sure you support Shea by La Portier. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of his platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pending in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone they are gone. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work Tour are on sale now. Eight stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, Los Angeles, Miami, NYC, Chicago, and Detroit.


Tickets can be found@sheasheamedia.com slash tour. That's she shea media.com/tour. That link is pending in the chat. Guest lineup is shaping up nicely. Go get your tickets now. OCHO and I are coming to a city near you. Make sure you check us out. The Warriors go on the road to Houston and win a game. Seven thanks to Buddy Hill. 33 points 1215 shooting nine of 11 from three. Got 20 points from Jimmy Butler. He got 28 and eight from Jimmy. He got 16, six, well 16, six and five from Draymond and he got 22, 10 and seven from Steph. But Buddy Hill was what put him over the top. And You know when you go on the road Joe and you get another that chips in that he does more than what you expect.


Yeah, you're probably gonna win that game unless the star, You know, one of your big guns just totally misfire. But they got 33 and you see Buddy had it going early. 12 or 15, nine of 1133 big points. He's plus 17. And then Steph caught fired in that second half, mainly in the fourth. He had 22, 10 and seven. Jimmy Butler with Jimmy Butler 28 and seven and Draymond was 16, six and five. What did you like about what you saw from Golden State? Joe? Man, golden State. They showed their championship pedigree, uncle Ocho. This was about game seven on the road, playing in a hostile environment, understanding what's at stake.


And Steph pretty much struggled pretty much the first half. But yeah, he did. I thought Draymond got him off to a decent start because he hit two threes in that first quarter and got him a lay up so they kind of got him going. I feel like any points you get from him for real. I'm like, that's like a bonus. It is a bonus. So I was thinking like, okay, Draymond might win this game for him tonight if he could scope out 22 points. I say he might win this game for him tonight, but as the time goes, buddy Hill, man, he changed the whole game. The man didn't even score last game. Ocho. Yeah, the man he got great cardio in. The man was at home in, in Golden State didn't score and he come on the road 22 points in the first half bro.


Man, those are the type of guys that that we talk about the others that gotta win you games. And he stepped up to tonight in this game seven in a in a must win situation and game. His best performance. Yeah. Yeah. He scored as Joe said O Joe. He scored zero points the last game. Last game. Yeah. The game before that he only had four points so he hadn't been, he hadn't done much, he didn't do much in game five and six. Right, right. He tied the record for the most three pointers in a game. Seven in NBA history Buddy Hill, three, three point field goals in the first half he had six, the rockets had two. I thought the rockets, I didn't like their body language early on in a game seven. They're gonna let you play. Yeah, they let you play in the playoffs to begin with.


They're definitely gonna let you play. And you look at Shing Go's body language when they didn't throw in the ball. He's slopping his shoulders. I didn't like the body language from the jump. Yeah. Misses shots and he had some very makeable shots. I mean he point blank point blank range and he was misfiring. Yeah. So that's you bro. You can't get mad 'cause look, you make it seem like you got Magic Johnson on your team and he gonna see you every time you pop open. It's not like that. Fred, Fred, You know he got caught fired a little bit in the first, in the second half, mainly the fourth quarter, but he didn't really do a whole lot. He Yeah, when they win he's like 24, 25, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Joe, he getting that three point ball guard early, but they got eight points from Dylan Brooks. They got eight points from Jalen Green.


Jalen Green is too talented to have games like this and he's, he's been doing this and I Oh Joe, I know I'm gonna let you chime into this. Yeah. And I know you like him because he's he's immensely talented. Yeah. But Joe, far too many games in these games and they had seven games. I saw far too many fours and eights from Dre Green. Yeah, go ahead Joe. Oh Joe. Hey listen, I, I enjoyed the game. I think the, I think the rockers did a very good job of trapping Steph playing, playing consistent defense on him. Which is why I think he struggled a little bit in the first half. Obviously if, if you look at the points he finished with 22, but he kind of struggled the first, the first half of the game. You need a game like this from Buddy Hill. I think Buddy Hill actually saved the day. Listen, the Warriors big three, they combined with 58 points, 24 rebounds, 20 assists.


And they did a little bit of everything. Draymond did what he did. He knew Jim Jimmy Butler was gonna show up. But for Steph to have a game like he did, I thought he was gonna come out and go for 40 or 50 tonight. That's what I thought he was gonna do based on his performance last time. But Buddy Hill say today, man, like, like you said, he was 9 50 11 from behind the arc he had 33 and I think he's the reason they won, they won game seven. Obviously the rockers, the rockers didn't help themselves with their, with the way they played in their body language. They had, they had a decent, decent output of performance from, from most of their players. But it, it wa it wasn't enough. I think a game like tonight, you would've need Jalen Green to step up and be the player that I think and other people know he can be, but but such low output offensively it's not gonna win many game Simmons.


Hey, they would Go ahead. Go ahead Joe. But to kind of piggyback on what y'all saying about Jalen Green man, it's like when you watch the games, it's like, if it's not a three pointer, it's something that's forced at the basket, right? Yeah. Where, where's the mids at? Where's the mid-range game at? Like we have to have that man, I know analytics and kind of took it out the game, but in the playoff the game slows down. There's not as many possessions only that you will have during the regular season. So you have to value those possessions and you want to get great shots every time down the floor. So I think for me it's just like him getting in the lab man and really working on his mid post, You know, his, his mid-range game to the point to where you can give him the ball and he can, he can get you a bucket or he can raise up and shoot that mid bro.


Like you, you can't just live and die from the three. Right. You didn't think, okay, my three ball ain't working, let me force something to the cup. 'cause now you're all outta rhythm. I Think you gotta have a mid range game and it's just a lost art in today's game. Yeah. If, if you look at what Golden State was prepared for that trap, if you notice they hit the, they hit, they hit the mid, they swung the ball wide open three to Buddy Hill, or they come to pick and roll and then you got Buddy Hill wide open for the, for the three. Yeah. You got Jimmy Butler, you got this guy. So they were prepared this time. I thought for me, I thought they went to the big lineup a little bit too soon. Yeah, they went with Shung Goon and, and the Adams a little bit too soon. Yeah. And they were ready for it this time around.


It didn't surprise 'em. Right. And and that's what you and that's what happens. It's kinda like go who that the Clippers, you remember Clippers went, they inserted Nicklas platoon. Yeah. And it caught the, it caught the nuggets off guard where they tried to go to another switch lineup Nugget say we got something for y'all ass this time around. Run it back, run bring it off. Oh okay. We got something for you. I thought that, think about it. They go on the road in a hostile environment and they only turn the ball over seven times. Yeah. So they value the ball because You know you have to value every possession matters. Yeah. Because as Joe said, you're not gonna get as many as you normally. It's not gonna be as up and down. All right. So you would have to get a lot of your points in the half corr set because teams are not gonna let you run. I can get 50, You know, 50 transition, You know, 34 transition points.


It's not gonna happen. Yeah. I thought Golden State did a great job of swinging the ball. You look at Draymond has five assists. Jimmy Butler has seven assists. Steph has seven assists. Okay. So everybody's making an extra path. Everybody's doing what they're supposed to do. Yeah. Okay. I can live with that because they didn't get anything from the bench and it's not like Houston got a whole lot from their bench. Nah, golden to State bench gave 'em three points. Kavon Looney had a field goal and a, and a free throw. But Jabari Smith, Easton and Steven Adams, they only gave you 11 points. That's not enough. Especially when you get the output that you got from Buddy Buddy Hill. Yeah. Steph Curry and Jimmy, they gave you 72 points. Yeah. I think no 70, 70 make 75 points.


Yes. Well your starters don't get nowhere near that. So now your bench is gonna have to come in and give you production. Yeah, I think the only guy that for me that I was really impressed with the night from the Rockets with Ahman Thompson, it looked like he came to play until he took tweaked that calf and he kind of wasn't the same guy on that, You know, got had that layup and he got foul. Yeah. But he was 24 9 3 assists, three still of a block. But the rest of the guys, I didn't, I didn't like their body language from, from the jump Joe. Yeah. Oh Joe, I didn't, I didn't like their body language. I saw a lot of this, a lot of that. And that's, that's not what you need in a game. Seven. You need everybody to be upbeat, bro. What you thought you gonna make your first 14 shots.


Right, right, right. It's tough man. It's tough. I thought I, I I love Thompson. I love his game. I love the energy and effort that he played with throughout this whole entire series attacking and the defense that he played on Steph Curry. But for me, man, I think Steph was probably the biggest key tonight. If y'all, if y'all really watched that first half, watch how he gave himself up and, and was setting picks for Buddy Hill and Buddy Hill was getting wide open shots. They kind of got rhythm. So that's why I said that championship pedigree, it it, it came through in game seven for them. It's unfortunate for the rockers, they're a young team, but I think this is, this is probably good for them to kind of go through this.


Okay. Ocho You know what I mean? Yeah. You know, they gotta get a, they gotta get a guy. I know you, they gotta, they gotta get a guy Joe that they can give the ball to. They don't have anybody Yeah. That they can give the ball to and say go get me a bucket. Hey. That's why I'm telling, that's why I'm saying Jalen Green has to develop into that guy on ocho. That's who, see, I, I told you gotta be helped. See I told you, I told you uncle, I said that the other night. I said Jaylen Green based on what I, based on what I've seen, the potential that he has Young Bull getting in the lab and, and add some more to the toolbox. He gonna be all right. Well I know a guy that could do that right now. Kevin Durant. Yeah. Go get it. If you got draft, if you got draft capital, yeah. I'll package a, I I'll package to have to have Shung goon and to have Thompson and to have kd.


I'm good. I'll package Jalen Green. I'll let Jalen Green go. Damn Uncle, you ain't let the man develop Yet, Joe, what would you do, Joe? Now, right now you talking about winning? Yeah, I'm doing that too. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. I try to win. Oh, Joe. Okay. Okay. I keep o You know, back in the day they let Okay, you got a three a projection. Yeah. Here's our, here's our, our pie chart and here No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Hey, o ain't no more ojo. Yo I'm saying that because if we looking at it from that standpoint, right. You know, I want guys who can affect the game if they not scoring and you still got Dylan Brooks who gonna affect the game, he don't have to score a lot, but You know, he gonna have be he gonna have some decent nights. And then you got Thompson who, You know, he nice offensively, whatever he, You know, he, he's going to, he's going to be a project and I think the sky's the limit for him as far as potential and what he could be.


You know what I mean? And you talking about adding KD to that man. Yeah. Yeah. So, so and KD with Shung goon, you got, you got a guy that's down on the block that can rebound, he can run your offense kd he plays without the ball. Yeah. But in a tough situation, you can give the ball, he can put his back to the basket and you give the ball and he can shoot that turnaround. Yeah. They're, they don't have a guy right now. They're by committee and there are a lot of teams like that. There is nothing wrong with that. Right. But when you run up with against a team and they have that guy that they can go give him the ball. Right. And says, okay, go get me a bucket. I, I just, like I said, I think they, I think that's what the rockets need. I mean this was a two seed. I mean, but I think the Warriors were favorite.


The Warriors were favorite to win this series. They're the seven seed. The rockets are the two seed. And there's why guys that have been in Game seven, Draymond, Jimmy Butler, Steph Curry. So they know what it's like to be in that moment. These guys, these guys are young. They don't know what that pressure is like. Yeah. Even though you are at home, you don't understand it's the finality of this. Yeah. And that moment you look into how free they were and how they well they played. And then you look at the guys, I thought they were tight and it showed in their body language early because when you tight, you get frustrated at the least thing, man, throw me the ball. We damn bro, we just two minutes at the game, we got 46 4 minutes to go. I'm, I'm get it to you. And unless You know how important this game was, Steph Curry played 46 minutes.


Yeah. Jimmy Butler played 45 minutes. Draymond played 40 minutes, Kozinski played for 40 minutes. Steph don't normally play no 46 minutes. Nah, nah. They understood the moment. They, they understood the moment and they took advantage of a young team, a young, inexperienced team. And they knew it from the jump. They, they were, yes. And they came out and showed why in game one. And You know, they had, they struggles, but I can't understand how the rockets play so great like that in game six, in game five and six. And then they, they lose, I'm like, I just knew they was gonna come out with the energy and effort and like, okay, we go, we we got a chance. Yeah. They, they look completely different.


You know what happens sometimes, Joe, I think teams fall in love with this game seven. And we got it on our home court. You relax O Okay. But hey, because the long, the longer that visiting team can keep that crowd suppressed. Yeah. The harder it is used for you to use momentum to get back into the ball game. Right. We saw that with Indiana with the Knicks last year. Yeah. Last, yeah, last year. So you be a, you better, you better cool. You better aid, give the fans something to cheer about. Keep 'em on their feet. You fall, You know, you end up dropping down by 13, you drop down by 1415. What I'm cheering for you make a basket. You still 12 out. Yeah. Right, right. I've been there. I i I know the feeling.


I'm talking about Steph Curry. Yeah. My bad. Go ahead. Go ahead Joe. Go ahead. I was gonna say, Steph Curry and Draymond are the first pair of teammates in NBA history with ten five and five and two blocks in the same game. Seven Steph in the Warriors, the eliminated rockets again, Houston has failed to beat Golden State in the playoffs for the fifth time since 2015. The Warriors eliminated the Rockets in 20 15, 20 16, 20 18, 20 19 and 2025. Yeah. They closed out the last three of those in Houston in game seven in 2018. They closed them out in game six in 2019, game seven in 2025, a decade straight of owning a franchise, a city and a fan base.


And You know, we talked, you weren't on here last night. Some of those game sevens in game sixes. Who's on that team Mojo? We talked about it last night. Remember how you he didn't show up last night for the Clippers. Oh, you talking about the beard? Oh, oh yeah. Yeah. The beard. Yeah. Yeah. But listen, yeah, listen, he didn't have a good game score him, but Young Bull was facilitate. He was facilitating that thing like a shit. They Need more than that because the only guy you gonna get points from is Ka. Why? That you can count on. Yeah. You can't. Hell. What about the other, what about that game? What was that game? Six. Yeah, he facilitated and scored.


Yeah. He gave you 11. He gave you 11 to six and he still gave you 24 points. Yeah. I mean, and listen, I, I think, I think especially last night's game for the Clippers, I think James has to come in with a mindset instead of getting everybody else acclimated, allowing them to get, find their rhythm. He got to be aggressive. He got be, he got be aggressive. But being the point guard, obviously free of your first order of business is to get everybody else going. And then You know what? I can get mine on my own when I need to. He is not one of those. He's the, but see you are thinking of a prototypical point guard. Yeah. He's a scoring point guard. Yeah. That's what a a, a a, a true point guard to get everybody involved. Yeah. Don't average 37 in a game in a, for a season. Right. You don't have 35 straight games or 30 plus points if you ain't a prototypical magic Johnson, John Stockton, Jason Kidd type point guard.


Right. That's not what James Harden is. That's not what he's ever been. He's one, he's one of the greatest ISO players Yeah. That we've had, that we've seen in this game. His game is predicated on scoring. Right? Yes. He can get triple doubles. He has a 60 point triple double. Yes. But James Harden can put the ball in the basket as good as anybody. Yeah. And that's what they needed from him last night and they didn't get it. Yeah. And so that's what got them to get an opportunity to go back to the nuggets because he and Kauai gave you score and he facilitated plus you pitch it put in normal Powell in there that got, he played sensational in game six. But I think the thing is, but we seen far too many games Ocho like this from James.


Yeah. In game seven. Yeah. Remember what he, what happened in Philly? Yeah. With the Celtics came in and he had like nine points you put Oh you oh, in 2023 as a member of the 76 ERs game seven loss, he had played 40 way, he had five, he had nine points, seven assists, six rebounds, five turnovers in 41 minutes on three and 11, 20 24. The Clippers he finished with 16.7 rebound on five or 16 shooting 43 minutes at a loss to Dallas Madison in game six in the first round the Brooklyn Nets 2021. He was five or 17 from the field. Two or 12 from the three in a game seven loss. He did have 22 points, but he took him 17 shots to get it.


He had 14 points. 6, 20 15 in that loss. Is that the one he said the NBA record for turnovers. He had 12 turnovers on two of 11 shooting from the floor. 14.6. Yeah. Against the warrior. NBA record. Oh, showing turnovers. Yeah. 2017 rockets finished with the game seven. Oh, that's when they didn't play. No, although that's when is that when they didn't play Kawhi, Kawhi didn't play in that game. Remember Kawhi was hurt and he didn't play and they got beat by like 30 mm hard had 10.7 to six, six turnovers on two of 11 shooting. It's the, and that's the thing. Don't nine, he's an MVP. Yeah. He's a 70, 75 or the 75 greatest players to ever play in NBA.


But it's moments like this Ocho that really separate. You go back and look at the greats and it's moments like this, right. The Jordans, the Kobes, the Shaqs, the LeBron, the birds, the magics, this this game seven, all the chips. You hey, I'm going all in Ocho. What you got? I'm going all in too. Alright. Yeah. Card gone money hunting. Hey he, he, he, he seemed, it seemed to me that he got worn down. Even when you, even when you running them numbers down on, it's like, You know, in a series, You know the opposing team, they job is obviously to oppose they will.


And your best player or one of your best players, you want to try to wear 'em down throughout the series. Oh you gonna really stop him? Not really. You just trying to hope to contain him. And it seems like, yeah, James, when he gets to those late game sevens grueling series, like even other night he looked outta gas, he looked like Yeah. He didn't have that pop. He didn't have that burst because I was thinking, yeah man, the clippers need James to come through with about 25, 30 points a night for them to win. Right. And he just never, he, it seemed like he never had the energy to really just to really put a stamp on the game. Like, like we know he can. You know what I mean? Yeah. I don't think he was aggressive enough either. Because You know when, when James hard is at his absolute best, James hard is getting into the rim.


Yeah. He's getting to the rim and he's getting fouled. Yeah. He didn't get there nearly enough. That's, I say he didn't look like he had that pop. It's like, You know, they, they take him out the game when he run pick and roll. So it's like he'll give it up and he just be chilling. Like, You know, like Yeah. And then, and then he try to get back in. But it's like he can never get involved or get himself engaged enough to really put his stamp on the game. The other night I was watching, I seen him, You know, I seen him multiple times just trying, but it just seemed like it wasn't there. Yeah. I, I think the thing is for, for James is the most important thing for James is to get James going, get James going first and then you could hey. 'cause now once you get James going, when they come now you can give it up and you giving Norman Powell easy shots.


Not other guys Zbox are getting easy shots. But when you try to get everybody else going, now it's hard. Now you're out of rhythm. Yeah. And you don't have the rhythm that you need in order to get, get to your float game, finish at the rim and shoot that step back three. So if, You know, look, who am I to tell James Harden? He's the MVP, he's the guy that's been the, the all NBA selection, the 10 11 time All Star. Yeah. But yesterday when they need, when what they needed James Harden, they needed game six James Harden. Yeah. Yeah. That's what they needed. They needed, needed somebody to go along with Kawhi and they didn't have that yesterday. You know, there's been a debate, You know, D Wade or James Harden.


It's hard for me to pick Harden over D Wade. Yeah. And because I've seen D Wade and Big, all you gotta do is go back and look at that, that first championship. Yeah. Yeah. That foot them four game the D Wade blade. It's hard for you to say anybody has played better. Right. In a four game stretch in NBA finals history. Right, right. Go back and look at those game. Yeah. I mean the average 36 for the series, he was special man. He was, he he was special. He was he was on one. Yeah. I mean, and the funny thing, You know, comparison, I I always say this comparison is a thief of joy, especially when it's coming to, to comparing players. And the first thing, obviously D Wade, that stretch he had in that series on, I was able to see that live. I went, I went to a few of those games. I was, I was there myself also.


But the first thing You know, D Wade got three, 3D Wade got three rings too. Now D Wade d Wade got three rings. So really doing a comparison, I don't think it takes away, away from James Harden Greatness. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. He's, he's still great. Yeah, absolutely. But just when it, when it matters most for him for some reason, and no game sevens, he just hadn't showed up. And it's something that's happened time and time again. And that there must be, there must be something to it about obviously, like Joe said, maybe he's worn down when it gets late into the series like that and he's not really the James Harden we used to seeing. Yeah. I think 'cause in the playoffs ocho y'all know, man, listen, that's some tough basketball. Y'all see the injuries, you see how physical the game is. Yeah.


Off ball. Even if you ain't got the ball, they it is, it is bumping, grinding, like it is taxing on the body. You know, that's every other night in the NBA. So I think after a while you take enough of them, You know, it's going to, it's it's, it's bound to weigh you down a little bit. Yeah.


And the dream season is now complete. The Golden State Warriors of the 2015 NBA Champions on the new limited podcast series dubbed Dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examined the controversial move that made it possible. It's never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Camila Ramon Pelotons first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur and almost most importantly AEO enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami AEO enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Asho is where sports music and fitness collide and we cover it all sit downs with real game changers in the sports world. Like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Shumate, who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It All changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know, you're not Latina enough. First of all, What does that mean? My mouth Is wide open. Yeah. History makers like the Suka family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought to you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


This is Courtside with Laura Corti, the podcast that's changing the game and breaking down the business of women's sports like never before. I'm Laura, the founder and CEO of deep blue Sports and Entertainment. Your inside source on the biggest deals, power moves and game changers. Writing the playbook on all things women's sports. From the heavy hitters in the front office to the powerhouse women. On the pitch, we're talking to commissioners, team owners, influential athletes, and the investors betting big on women's sports. We'll break down the numbers, get under the hood and go deep on what's next. Women's sports are the moment. So if you're not paying attention, you are already behind. Join me Courtside for a front row seat into the making of the business of women's sports Courtside with lawyer Cortia and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Corti starting April 3rd on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought to you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


Float like a butterflying like a bee. Your hands can't hit what your eyes can't See. Muhammad Ali was never afraid to express himself loudly and boldly and stays true to form in Ali and me. An eight part audible original guided by his own words. This series explores Ali's life and legacy through never before heard audio recordings and discussions with those who knew him best. Muhammad had this real sense of his own personal values and principles, things he believed in his own sense of conviction. Those convictions never wavered. Hosted by Mohammad's wife, Lonnie Ali and his close friend. Award-winning broadcaster. John Ramsey Ali and me goes beyond the boxing ring to delve deeply into Ali's extraordinary life. Through conversations with Billy Crystal, Mike Tyson, Rosie Perez, common Will Smith and Bob Costas. It created a north star for me of how I want to be in the world. You know, As a child, as a young person, he gave credence to my audacity. There's no debate that this is the greatest global sports figure of our lifestyle. Listen to Ali and me now on Audible.


Yeah, yeah, I agree. I agree with you. I just, I knew this game seven for the Clippers. I knew it was gonna be predicated on James Harden 'cause I know what I'm gonna get from Kawhi. Kauai's gonna gimme somewhere between 22 and 28. Yeah. Probably gonna give us about seven rebounds. Probably about five or six. So I already know what I'm gonna get from him. Yeah. Now who's gonna be the other guy and a third guy? 'cause you normally need like two guys for sure. And possibly a third guy. When you go on the road for game seven, you see what you got with the the Golden State Warrior? Yeah. You get buddy give you 33 and then you get Jimmy give you what he gave you and then you get Steph. Yeah. That's how you have to do it. So I was counting on Kawhi and and James and then, okay, where you gonna get other points from?


Is it gonna be Norman Powell? Who's gonna chip? Who's gonna chip in? It's gonna be Zubo. Give us one of those games right where he give us 20 and 14. Who's gonna be the third option? Well there was no third option yesterday. It was just one option and that wasn't nearly enough. Yeah. The Indiana Pacers go on the road. Woo. And they beat the number one seed 1 21 to one 12. And again it's by committee because You know why they had six guys in double figures. Pascal 17 points. Aren Nesmith 17 points, miles Turner 13 and 11 Nim hard 23 Halliburton 22 and 13 and Rin 11.


That's how Indiana see Indiana look. Make a Miss Indiana trying to push tempo. Yeah. I don't care if they say we'll take it out there and run or you would we'll get it off the glass and run. But we trying to run. Right. Yeah, right straight track. It don't matter though. Listen, it's gonna be high pace and Cleveland. Man this is a tough matchup for Cleveland ocho, You know? Yeah. Garland, they, they, the all star guard ain't, is not playing in the lineup. I know Donovan had what, 33 tonight, but he took 30 shots to get the inefficient. That's not good enough. And one from 11 from three. Yeah. It's gonna be hard for them to win. But I thought they scored enough. I just don't, they can't stop Indiana.


Indiana, when you look at Nihar and Nate Smith, the, the two guys in the star lineup who were very great complimentary pieces to Hallberg Turner and aka. They were huge tonight. Yeah they played, they both played big. They both were super efficient and they gritty players bro. They gritty players to where, You know they gonna get the job done on both ends of the floor. Ocho, they gonna make shots. Yeah. They going to sit down in that chair, they gonna guard and they gonna cause havoc. And I thought tonight those two alone pretty much won them the game. Yeah, most definitely. Listen, Andy, Indiana shot impressive. Huh? Especially from behind the A joke and them boy, them boy with 53%. Yeah. You know from three that goddamn nihar, You know he was five or six from three.


Yeah. And the goddamn the calve Smith, the the Cal struggled, You know, from three point range that it wasn't up 24%. Yeah. Them hey that boy, that boy Nihar was making big. Oh yeah. He was letting it fly. Six. He was five or six. He was making me Smith was four six big shots though. Big shots. They were, yeah. Yeah. Some big shots down the stretch. And you think about it, they had a big lead and then Cleveland closed it and Cleveland got the lead. Yeah. Took the lead by like three. Yeah. They didn't panic because a lot of times, You know you have a big lead like that. You on the road Joe. Yeah. And the home team come back, you paniced like, oh we had, we let one, they said no. Nope, nope. Y Nihar hit a big three.


He comes back down and hit another big three. Like I said, the Pacers are by committee. They, they might not have a guy that with Farney, but they gonna have a bunch of teams. Yeah. Yeah. They have a bunch. You know they gonna have a bunch of teams going on. 17, 17, 13. That's, that's how they beat you. They're gonna push Pace. Halliburton looking to get the ball ahead quick. I they give it to him and next thing You know, he's got the ball ahead to see how come he laying it up or o be topping they, because they got guys that can run the floor. Yeah. Hallock, pa Pascal's gonna run the floor. Yeah. Ne Smith is gonna run the floor Turner, who's a big run the floor. Yeah. And so when you got guys that will run the floor, Halliburton is gonna find you. Hey. Yeah.


13 assists with one turnover. Yeah. How long? How long, how long do you think Garland out? Hell, he been out for a minute. Yeah. There's no no chance of him coming back. I, I still Think you, I I don't know. I don't know if they could win this, this series without Garland Because they have to get that. Where, where else are you gonna get the scoring? Where are you gonna get the scoring from? Exactly what I was say Mobley, I thought Mobley played well. Yeah, Mobley was balling especially on defense. But I need more than 13 shots. See even I need five of those shots that are Mitchell took. I need those to go to every Mobley. I mean 13, you got 33. I mean if you look at the stand light and say, oh man he did have 33. Right. It took him 30 shots. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. With 30 shots. Boy you both, you need to have 42, 45.


Yeah. No, but no, The time Jerome kid coming off the bench, he got up 20 shots off the bench. Oh yeah. He he have Yeah that way too good. He, but, but You know, in, in in, in his defense without Garland out there, they need somebody else to, You know, apply pressure. He had some big games throughout the season. Huh? Evan Mobley? Yeah. He gotta, well he gotta be more assertive. He gotta assert himself a little more. But I'm gonna tell you Indiana with, with Rin. Yeah. But back and TJ McCollum coming off the bench. I'm like the energy that they bring when they coming to the game. So I do think this going to be a tough, tough series for Cleveland. I'm saying Indiana, they, they got a great chance of winning this Hold on before.


Got up 20 shots in 29 minutes. Hey ho. Hold on, hold on. I I hear every everybody tone is changing. 'cause when I, when I asked, when I asked y'all before about this series, both of y'all picked the Cavs to win it. I thought Garland was gonna be playing O ocho. Okay. Okay. I ain't know Garland was out. I ain't know all that. So who you got you, I mean, based on what you saw tonight from the Pacers, you, you still got the I don't, I don't know if, I don't know if they could win it Ocho without Garland. Okay. You, I mean you gonna be down one Allstar and be the team like this. Yeah. I'm just, I'm just making sure because It's because they're not dependent on any one guy. Right. So you don't know who's gonna be your leading score from night to night. Right. So who do I key on? Absolutely. Do I get Halliburton? Do I get Nim hard? Do I get Turner?


Turner could easily have 23, 25 points. Yeah. Ville aka. So it's so hard. Yeah. We want a guy that can close but in a series like this one team is down there all star and we seem to be clicking on all cylinders as we started. Right. It's gonna be a awful hard to overcome. And You know, hunter, I would like to see Hunter get up more shots, bro. You got eight, you ain't get up with eight shots. That's my thing. He was in the running for six. He should have been in the running for six matter of a year. I Hey, I agree with you on that. I, I need Hunter to be way more aggressive. Like, You know, he, he, he's the one guy I think who can make a huge difference in a series. You know, just by his mindset along he caught turn it on a little bit. Especially if Gar ain't gonna be around Donovan, Donovan Mobley, they gonna need that third guy and he needs to be that guy who can step up and really get him over the top.


Halliburton is is the snake though? He's the head. If he, and when, when he's putting pressure on you getting the ball, he's pushing, he's pushing the pace and those guys are getting out running lanes. Yeah. Yeah. They, they gonna, they gonna get some, they gonna get some easy buckets. They're gonna get the ball in the paint because he's gonna push tempo. So you out there celebrating, you doing this, Hey, okay. Hey Joe, you doing this right here or you doing, you doing all this right there? They led the ball up on the other end. Right. You're right. Yeah, you're right, you're right. Yeah. He's, he is the, he's definitely head of snake if he's playing well they always got a great chance of winning, You know. Yep. Being like, I don't like if he, if You know the, the numbers sometimes he get two passes sometimes he like, nah bro, nah I need you, I need you in scoreboard.


I think he's kinda learned that over the years playing, playing in these playoffs too. I think, I think he understands like he has to assert himself more by getting in the paint, creating, creating habits, shooting his floater, You know Diamond his bigs. But he, he has to score in order for them to be effective. Now I ain't saying he gotta score big numbers like 30, 35 but no, no, no, no, no, no, no. He's playing fishing like this. Yeah. Yes. He's always gonna manage the game and keep him in a great place 'cause he's not a high turnover guy. He's gonna always take care of the rock. And in the playoffs that's what you need. You want a guy who's really gonna value the, the rock. Especially in these, You know, these trying tough situations. Especially coming down the stretch.


Yeah. You out on your luggage. Yes sir. Hey, in order for the cast, I'm saying if Garland doesn't play, if Garland doesn't play, obviously Mitchell, Mitchell has to do everything he can. Everything has to start with him. Mobley has to contribute and the third guy, whoever, whoever's going to be, he just gotta go. He, whoever, whoever needs to talk to, they gotta give him the green light to let him shoot, let him let him shoot at wheel so he can get some points. The Cal's gonna have to adjust their perimeter defense to counter the Pacers three point shooting. And you got to, you got to get back in transition because every, when, when you watch the placers play on, I been watching the Pacers all season long, it's like a four by one team. Yep. They like four by one boy, they down and back down and back down and back.


Yeah. But see the thing is though Joe, you playing with two bigs though. When you play now that, now, now the bigs they gonna give you second chance opportunities. Yeah. They can protect the paint. Every mobley with defensive player of the year. Yeah. Jared Allen can protect the paint. But the thing is, when you miss it, you push now them big guys, they, they tailing on the back and now you got nobody to protect the front end of the rim on the, on the transition. Yeah. They need more from Stru and, and Meryl. Meryl, I mean, You know you got 76 points. That ain't nearly enough. That's not nearly enough. I get Todd, Jerome, You know I get him six man but 20 shots and Mobley only got 13. Nah, no we, we gotta get Hunter, we gotta get Hunter on the ball.


Yeah. Hunter, hunter need to be, hunter need to be 13. I wouldn't, you might even have to put him in the lineup. In the start lineup. I know they bring him off the bench 'cause they want that, You know they want, they want that pop up the bench because we put him in the start line up where we gonna get points off the bitch from now. Right, right. Absolutely. But hey man, listen, hold on. We gotta, he gotta get more touches. Eight shots ain't enough on ocho. Yeah, we, we got, we gotta find a package for him for sure. Oh, I agree. IIII totally, I totally agree with you. Agree with a soundbite from Halle after the game today is going viral. Being a point guard is like being a mom, your job is to take care of everybody. It is you, it's it is.


Yeah. That's the hard, but hey, hey, but You know what, Hey, but mom's gotta eat too now. Right. You know what I'm saying? Hey, hey, You know mom prepared but don't think mom ain't gonna get a plate. Right. No. Right. Listen after, after, You know, after, after mama feed the kids. That's her time need. Yeah. Listen, She want, that's basically, basically that's, that was basically Harron's approach to the game. The game seven. I'm gonna feed it, I'm gonna feed everybody else and at some point I'm gonna see if I can get myself in rhythm. Right. Yeah. To what today, in today's game, if you at the point guard position, you gotta be able to score that thing. Distribute it. You got to you like you got to, there's no room for you. Like if you can't score the ball and make plays, it's gonna be hard for because you a liability out there.


'cause they gonna slump off you. There we go. You can't let 'em play four on five. Yeah. Nah, that's really why it's so hard for Ben. That's why it's so hard for Ben Simmons to ever get back. Mm. Because everybody knows that he can't do anything but a says to play defense, but it's not nearly enough to offset what the lack he gives you on the offensive end. Yeah. Yeah. So that's why you gonna only play him seven, eight minutes a game Ocho because on the offensive end he ain't giving you nothing. He ain't even looking at the basket. Nah, he not looking at the basket. But I, and I happy that I can remove the basket. I think he, I I could, I could take the basket. I could take the basket down and put him down there. He'll never notice it. I think. Damn, he, I think he better suit it at like, at like the four position, maybe even the five position nowadays. Yeah.


Because the guys are so small and his rebounding the ability and pushing the rock and making plays with guys. Right. Scattered around him who can shoot and score is best suited for him. Yeah. But yeah man, I think he lost some confidence bro. Back. Oh yeah. It's gone. I told, Listen, I watch the game I'm talking about. Yes. Still. Yes. Still, You know, he's had times where he is had point blank legs and he's, he won't even shoot him like and see you said something Joe, you said play him at the four 'cause he can get the offensive, he get the rebound, he get the offensive rebound instead of putting it back up and he looking to pass back out to somebody. No, you shoot it. Yeah. Hey I I, they gotta be there. There's a way to instill that confidence back in young Bull.


It is. He gotta get himself around the right people. It's hard Joe. I mean see he, he gotta be right. He gotta be around the right people. Unc, when you told me, I'm thinking, I'm thinking Ben Simmons 6 4, 6 5. Remember how surprised I was when you told me how tall he was? Yeah. He is six 11, Man, you're supposed to be out there man, dummy in these dude, man. Six 11 Sometimes Ocho it gets between your ears. David Duval had this happen to him. He developed the Ys and he had to leave the tour. Rick an ke he was a pitcher but he gotta to where he couldn't throw it across the plate and they had to move him to the outfield. Mm. Chuck Nolock was the second baseman. Yeah. He gotta to where he couldn't throw it to first base. He had to leave. Oh man. I mean sometime who was that?


There was another golfer that had that had that problem. Yeah. And, and when it goes, it goes, it's gone. Don't Joe, once they get in here, I don't care. I don't care all the physical traits you want. Right. If you ain't got it here, you can't play. Right. Hey, think about this. Right. Hey Joe, think about this. Think about the mentality and approach to the game. And I'm not gonna use Kobe and Jordan, I'm gonna use players in today's game. Think of Ben Simmons had Anthony Edwards mentality. Think of Ben Simmons had that mentality. Like Ja Morron just the, just The you to face. If, if Ben Simmons hold on. If Ben Simmons has Anthony Edward's mentality. Yeah, just think about that. Not personality he be face a I'm just saying his mentality when it comes to playing the game of basketball in general, no, he Be the face of the NBA because he going shoot it.


There's not, there's not a shot that an can't don't think he can make. Right. Right. But the problem with Ben, and I've said this, it's hard for me to see a scenario, Joe, where he's put time in the lab because I watch a guy like Officer Reeves and I watch a guy go undrafted and average five points to now he's averaging 20 points in four years. Right. I watch a guy in Ben Simmons been rookie of the year and hasn't got any better. So that tense something something is not trans. It's hard ocho for you to put, to do something for a period of time and not increment, get incrementally better. I'm not gonna say that all of a sudden you like start out like this and then all of a sudden you are an all star. Right. Or you, you, you are an all NBA player right.


Or you are an MVP. Yeah. But I got to see some improvement. Tell me the improvement that you saw from Ben. If you go back and look, his numbers have come down. It came down from his rookie year to when he won't rookie when he won a rookie of the year to the other years. So something, something is, something is amiss. I I, and I don't know what it is, but I'm telling you, I can teach you to do anything. Right. If you're not afraid of doing said things, you see, I can teach you how to swim if you're not afraid of the water. See Joe, if you're afraid of the water, I can never teach you how to swim because you gonna fight it. Right. See Ben Simmons, it's not that he can't shoot, he's afraid to shoot. Right. So now how do I instill bro? It's okay because the first time he air balls and lay on the road what he gonna do?


Ocho boo. What he gonna do? Joe? Air ball. Air ball. And Now he done, he goes to the free throw line. If I follow him, he goes to the free throw line and he air balls won. What he gonna do? He go air ball now. He done? Yeah. You so see. He's afraid. Oh Joe, some people afraid of handling rejection. Some people have. Okay. You boo. So what? Watch this one. Yeah. He he can't do that. Yeah. That that's All, that's all mentality right there too. Not, not, not really. Not really caring about your surroundings. Being able to play in chaotic atmospheres. Like I enjoy that unc, I and Jordan. I'm, I'm not sure how you feel about being in, being in chaotic atmospheres. I preferred when I was, I'm just saying when I played football, I preferred being away.


I like going to the black hole. Unc, I like going to the Steelers. I like going to the Ravens. I like the fan talking and chirping and talking trash and calling me Ocho Stinko. I like that. Yeah. For some reason that give me like, yeah. I like So just, just the thought of you even explaining how Ben Simmons is reacting because of what fan what I'm playing into that. Yeah. I need, I need you talking that trash Joe. You remember that game they lost to game seven? They lost to Atlanta. Yeah. And they had the, and they had the, they had the, the trash can going downstream. Yeah. They had the trash can on fire and they, they had a picture of Ben Simmons. Ben Simmons' face was in it. Yeah. And You know what I see, go ahead Joe.


I, I, because I've been in the lab with Ben, You know, working out with him. I worked out with him before and it's a mental block man. That man, yes. He can shoot the mid range. He can shoot the three. But I watch him in open runs when they have open, when they have them runs and they be showing it. Yeah. Oh, Joe, he coming down, he's shooting threes, he coming down. He he pull up with the mini. Yeah. Yeah. He doing all of that. I see this. Yeah. So that's why it's hard for us as fans when we watch him play. Yeah. We see, we see this in the summer, we see you working on, we see you doing that. And it's just rhythm and timing. And then when the NBA starts, it's like, hold on man. Who is this dude? Yeah. You know what I mean?


Like he was, do You know how bad I wanted him to be able to help the clippers? Like I felt he coulda got the clippers over the top. If he just would be aggressive, You know what I mean? Drive to the hole. But it's like, he don't want to get foul. He don't want to, he don't want to, he don't want to score for some reason. And I think he got the package on ocho. I think he can do it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think it, it is a mental block whether he said or not, but that's kind of what it seems like when you, as from a fan perspective, when we watching, we've all been in class with the kid that knows the answer, but sometimes he has a, like he has a little speech impediment or he has, You know, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he might start fumble getting it out and he know the kid's gonna laugh at him.


Yeah. So he just sit there and won't say anything. Right, right. We seen it. That's Ben, bro. You the number one overall pick the number one overall pick in the entire NBA draft. Yeah. Yeah. Kareem was number one. Magic was number one. LeBron was number one. Do you We know some of the greats that Ben Shaq was number one overall. Tim Duncan, David Robinson, Elijah won. Gotta be a special talent. He's a special talent. So clearly you got the ability. Oh yeah. Absolutely. But it doesn't matter. Yeah. Yeah. Let him, he's all right here. Yeah. Let him Come on. Let him come hang out. Let him come hang down here with me for all season.


It's hard. O Joe. You probably got him his first to second year at 10, 11 years in. Yeah. Ain't nothing going on now, Ocho. Oh, it's been 10 years already. Yeah. Yeah. God Damn. What you think man? Hey, time. Hey, it's time. Time is only constant. Mm. It's moving. It moves whether you do or not. Hello? Hello. It, it's not waiting on, it's not waiting on anyone. Right. So it's, I don't know in a loss today, Spida made some history. The most consecutive game ones with 30 or more points.


Donovan Mitchell 8, 20 20 to 2025. Michael Jordan had 7 97 through 98. He had also had seven. Between 91 and 93. Michael Jordan had six. From 89 to 90. Kobe had six. Wilt had six. Alex English, English had five. I mean, spotter could put the ball in the basket. Now, I mean, he can score that He anything. And once he get cooking, because he can shoot the three, he can get to the rim. He got a mid, I mean he a three level score.


Finally we go to the free throw line, got the whole package. I mean, we watched him have, excuse me, drop 57 in the bubble. Everybody thought then him and Murray go back to back. Murray have 50. He have 50. And everybody say, oh man, that's just the bubble. We see people doing strange things in the bubble. Yeah. Spida said, y'all really take that. Okay, lemme show you man. Listen, You know, that's really me. I been there. Hey, okay, Ocho, I, I was with him his rookie year in Utah when they draft him. Yeah. I was still there playing and I didn't see this. I'm, I'm not gonna tell you no lie, I did not see this. But in talking to our assistant coaches at the time, 'cause they going through Summer league with him, he playing Summer league. They was like, we got special talent. We got one. I had never seen him play in college.


So in the pros, I didn't really know what he could do. And Right man, he, he, he was special, bro. From the moment he got his opportunity, Quinn put him in a starting lineup. He took full advantage of it. And the man has been going ever since. Yeah. I look for him to, to really put his stamp on this series, knowing and understanding if he ain't got Garland in this series against the Pacers, he's going to have to step up and, and be special, You know, throughout the rest of these games. Ojo. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? He going, he, he gonna have to, You know, he gonna have to go vintage. We gonna need some 40 fives. Maybe even all me in there. Like that's what it's gonna take in order for them to win.


Yeah. He Could do, he could do it too now. He could put the whole team on his back. Yeah. He can put the whole team on his back. I just seen him do it a few times. Yeah. I think he got more scores now than what he had than when he was in Utah. Oh yeah. Now look, go Bear was the guy that just rebounding the ball. Hey, get, rebound the ball and handed to Donovan. Yeah. I mean that's kind what Jared Allen, Jared Allen is basically that you not running play for Jared Allen. He's going, You know, he's going, he a lob threat. He'll get it back, he'll get an offensive rebound and, and stuff it back. But I'm not running no set for it. Yeah. Right, right. Just like you did run sets for Rudy Gobert. So I think if I, I think for me, if Evan Mobley and Hunter or a little bit more aggressive and get more, I mean 108 shots, Mobley Mobley and Hunter had one fewer shot than Ty Jerome.


Yeah. We can't have that man. We, we, we gotta get ah, we gotta get Hunter the rock man. We gotta eat. Yes. You, you got to. So what, what do you think the, I mean, Donovan Mitchell, I mean that's, that's pretty impressive. 'cause Michael Jordan's on here three times. Kobe's on here will, I mean, I I mean we don't even say nothing about Will 'cause Will got records ain't gonna ever, ever be broken. Yeah, right. Will got like five got like 530 point games. Yeah. So he got records ain't gonna ever be broken. Yeah. You know, Donvan don't get a lot of credit. Neither, man. He, but he's been so he's been Mr. Consistent, he has throughout his whole career, You know what I mean? Yeah. In the playoffs he has, he, he is ranked number nine in playoff points.


Playoff points, history, like for game. Yeah. Man, come on that man. Hey, he's, he, like I say, we gonna need him to step up and put up some big numbers throughout this series if they looking forward to advancing because what is it, what is the injury that Garland has? I don't even know the injury. It's his toe, isn't it? Oh. See, when it's them lower extremities, You know, they going linger old Joe. I had turf toe before. I know what that's like. Real, Hey, I got listen, I, hey, You know about my my remedy huh? For any, any, any lower extremities. I got the remedy for him. I listen Garland, if you see this, I got some you don't want to Hear, you don't want hear about it, Joe. Hey, I go, if I, I got something, I have him right. I have, I have it back for game two. What, What you got? Let me hear, let me, lemme hear what you got.


You Sure? Yeah. So for, for me, any lower extremity, any injuries I might've had during, during the season. Sprain ankle high, ankle sprain, lower ankle sprain, grade three, grade two, it doesn't matter. Or grade one for that matter. So I would get urine, I would get urine from, if I didn't have enough for me, I'd get enough from my teammates as well with great understanding that once you warm the urine up right. And put enough where you could put your foot in it and it comes above the ankle, it, it, it, it evaporates the toxins. Listen, listen to me now. Stay with me. Now. The toxins in the urine takes all the swelling out as if you never even sprained your ankle.


Mm. Now there's a study, there's a study been done. And matter of fact, it, it was just on Twitter like two days ago. You Doing the study in Joe? Yeah, No, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm telling you, I'm, I'm pe people people, people in the chat in attested this that just saw the guy explain it on what the urine can do for the body and, and helping it heal at a magnificent rate that science really doesn't teach you. And it's a home rooting. My grandma taught me when I was younger. That's why I played 13, 14 years with no injury. Joe, listen, I I did the NFLI went to Canada. I did one year in Canada and in Canada. I played in Mexico. I done played all around the world. So, and I, I'm, I still to this day, I never been hurt. I mean, I had my heart broken before.


That's about it. Why'd you pee on that? Hey, I know Mike Joe. Most people will look at it and they'll be like, oh nah, I ain't doing that. But it works That I'm one of them people. Ah, nah, I ain't do that. But it works. It, it worked for me and it can work for you. I mean, You Know, you still do it to this day to keep you going, But I don't, I don't need to do it now because I'm not really doing anything. I play soccer. I, I play soccer, You know, every, every, every so often with maj, my Jamaican team in Fort Lauderdale. But outside of that, I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm good. I'm Hey Joe. I'm like, Hey coach, I'm out. This one might be out two weeks.


Listen, Hey Joe, I could have saved Unc, I could have saved unc. He, unc had all these injuries. You remember, remember the, remember the board game operation? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's unc he something was always hurt something. Something was, I could have saved it if I was, if I was on teammate, shh. Even Apr. I had that high ankle spr. Well back then they didn't, they didn't call it high ankle sprain. They just, it was just an ankle sprain. Right, right. So, hey, I just shot it up and played. Didn't realize I was doing more damage. Damn. Yeah. But, You know, coming in at, at a low round draft pick ocho, Hey, I got to get it. Oh, you got to any means I got to get it. You got, if I was a first rounder, I'd have saw my ass down because I know I'm, Hey, I know I'm gonna be there a seventh round draft pick.


Nah bro, I gotta get on out there. Absolutely. Hey, I got get, I got to get it. So Donovan Mitchell most consecutive game won with 30 points or more in NBA history. He now has surpassed Michael Jordan with eight Mm. That's crazy.


And the Dream season is now complete. The Golden State Warriors of the 2015 NBA Champion on the new limited podcast series Dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examined the controversial move that made it possible. It's never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Camila Ramon Pelotons first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur and almost most importantly a re enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami AP Enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Asho is where sports, music and fitness collide and we cover it all the sit downs with real game changers in the sports world like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Humate, who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It All changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know, you're not Latina enough. First Of all, what does that mean? My mouth is Wide open. Yeah. History makers like the ska family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought to you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


This is Courtside with Laura Carenti, the podcast that's changing the game and breaking down the business of women's sports like never before. I'm Laura, the founder and CEO of deep blue Sports and Entertainment. Your inside source on the biggest deals, power moves and game changers. Writing the playbook on all things women's sports. From the heavy hitters in the front office to the powerhouse women. On the pitch, we're talking to commissioners, team owners, influential athletes, and the investors betting big on women's sports. We'll break down the numbers, get under the hood and go deep on what's next. Women's sports are the moment. So if you're not paying attention, you are already behind. Join me Courtside for a front row seat into the making of the business of women's sports. Courtside with Laura Corti is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Corti starting April 3rd on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought To you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


Float like a butterflying, like a bee your hands can hit with your ice. Can See Muhammad Ali was never afraid to express himself loudly and boldly and stays true to form in Ali and me, an eight part audible original guided by his own words. This series explores Ali's life and legacy through never before heard audio recordings and discussions with those who knew him best. Muhammad had this real sense of his own personal values and principles, things he believed in his own sense of conviction. Those convictions never wavered. Hosted by Muhammad's wife, Lonnie Ali and his close friend, award-winning broadcaster. John Ramsey. Ollie and me goes beyond the boxing ring to delve deeply into Ali's extraordinary life. Through conversations with Billy Crystal, Mike Tyson, Rosie Perez, common Will Smith and Bob Costas. It created a north star for me of how I want to be in the world. You know, As a child, as a young person, he gave credence to my audacity. There's no debate that this is the greatest global sports figure of our lifestyle. Listen to Ali and me now on Audible.


An interview has surfaced or a man said he wants to face the Warriors in the playoff playoffs. And I want to go get the Warriors wherever they at. I want to get them reporter. Why the Warriors? And because Draymond talk so much trash. And that's pretty much the only reason I like see man, that's, Hey. See, see What I mean? What you expecting, Huh? That's what that's what I'm talking about, man. We need, we need more of that. Some, everybody, everybody likes to just play the game of basketball. But when you bring that entertainment value like that, that makes you want and hope that the warriors and the wolves have a series, it's 'cause of something like somebody like that can, that can talk it and they can walk it, it make, it just makes it, makes it that much better. That's why I say I would love for him to be the face of the league.


No disrespect to Jason Tatum, great player. NBA champion, You know, NBA champion all star, You know, Olympic team. He has all these accolades, but it just doesn't add up to that aura and it factor that Anne has. Like, that's, that's man. Yeah. Listen, this Buddy raw buddy raw man. Hey, Hey. For, for the story. For the story. Okay, Ojo. This one here gonna go down in the books. See the one team that was at home tonight cheering was the Timber Wars. They was cheering for the Warriors for a number of reasons. They play the Warriors, they get home court advantage. See the Warrior. Yep. Come to them. But if, if, if the Rockets were the one they would've had to go to Houston.


You see what I'm saying? So Timberwood got home court advantage. They know and understand, You know, the, the, the moment and what it presents. And like I say in, man got this hit list. He finna add. He, he try to, he got a couple more people he finna add to this list. You Finn add to it. You Finn add to it. Do you Hey, when, Hey, when, when they series start, Joe? It's just, it don't probably Tuesday. So look, think about this. Okay Ocho, that series gonna start Tuesday. You just coming out for seven game grueling series against the Rockets probably weigh you down a little bit. The Timber Wars been at home kinda resting. They got they feet up a little bit, but they gonna be ready.


They probably gonna look a step or two faster than the Warriors on game one. Yeah, Yeah. Now why, why, why Rudy Gobert go out there and forget how to play basketball mind. Take him completely outta game. Oh nah, this finna be WrestleMania. We was just talking to Bianca. We were just talking to Bianca. What about a week or a week or two ago? Yep. Yeah. Oh man. This finna be WrestleMania. This must see tv Rudy Goldberg and Dre Martin Green. Oh yeah. Y'all already know how this thing gonna go down. Yeah, that's fun. And span of 12 months, the wolves have sent home. Kevin Durant, Nico Yoic, Luca, Dante and LeBron James Ant Man is looking to add Steph Curry to his list. Lemme ask you a question.


How many games, who wins and in how many games? I'm gonna start with you. Who wins and how many games? Oh Man, this is a good one. Listen. Well, Anthony Evers playing the way he's playing Ru Gobert if he can have another game, not, maybe not 27 again, but he, he contributed on both ends of the court giving him second chance points, rebounding, defensively, everyone else contributing as well. I said it's gonna be another seven game series. And I got Ant man, I got Ant Man pulling it off, adding another one to the hit list. What you got Joe? I don't got no seven games series. I got this, I got the T Ws winning this in about five to six games on Damn.


Five, six. Yeah. What's wrong? Yeah, I only, I Only, I only said the seven because Steph and Draymond and them boys are used to playing in this type of atmosphere. So I'm saying they gonna stretch it all the way to seven. But if you say five or six, You know better than me. 'cause you played, I just be in the YMCA. It is just, hey, this just, this is just my opinion Ocho, I don't, I don't want it to be true now allow me the right to be wrong. All right. Right, right, right, right. But but I'm saying in, in my assessment, I'm thinking of, okay, seven game series Butler didn't look like, he didn't look like, he don't look like he moving good even though he played a a decent game tonight. He played a good game tonight. Right. Him and Steph look like they kind of hobbled and gimbled a little bit and going into playing against these T Wolves.


They gonna be ready man. They hungry. They ready, they sitting and waiting. Yeah. It's gonna be I, because my thing is who's gonna do, who, who's guarding J Ramble. Right. That's what I wanna know. Because if you go big and you put Kon Lo in there to deal with Ka, now you, you mess up your spacing because if you put Loon in there and you, and you have Draymond Jang with a Jew Jew Randall the load man. Yeah, yeah. You gotta be ready to bang with it. Yeah, they, it is, it's, it's going be, it's gonna be a tough, my unc it's, it's gonna be some noses to noses in this series, You know? 'cause Yeah, ju is ran well, I could definitely see, I could definitely see Rattling Dre barn getting into it, You know, You know it gonna happen.


I think, I think one of the weapons for the Warriors, man, they gonna have to try to find a way to get commingle back into the fold because they gonna need him in this series coming up, man. You know, and they kinda, it kind of showed today they kind of need, they needed him early, but I think they gonna need him throughout this series. You know, he, he got, he he got youth on his side. Yeah. He's, he's played in big moments. He knows, he knows what the what he knows what, You know, he's capable of doing. I think they need his productivity, You know, especially coming up in this series. He hadn't played in a while. I know they threw him, they been throwing him out there, here and there, but they gotta try to find some consistent minutes for him. I like, I like the, I like the T Wolves also because I don't know when they go to the bench, NAS, NAS Reed who's gonna deal with him.


Right. Because not only can he shoot this screen and stretch the floor, he can down also go down and post. Yeah. So now you, you gotta think about it. That's moody, that's minga, that's trying to deal with a big a, a, a big a true big. Yeah. Ah, and that's why, that's why I favor the T Wolves because of them big bodies that they have that they can throw at 'em. They, they big bodies can score and they can playmate. So, and, and they guards sit down and they, and they play D McDaniels, the, it was E Alexander Walker. Alexander Walker, d those, You know, those are some guys, You know, obviously we're gonna win you games throughout a series. So I give the t Wol the Edge, man. I think it's going to be a, a phone on the watch.


Gary Peyton the second didn't play tonight. He was dealing with a illness. He's gonna get a lot of minutes on Aman. They gonna try to wear Aman down. They'll probably have commingle deal with him. They have Moody deal with him. They'll have Gary Peyton the second deal with him. They'll, they'll, they're gonna try to throw difference because I don't think anybody can stop him. You gonna try to get the ball outta his hand wherever you can make somebody else beat you. Lakers did that and McDaniels had a great series. Nas Reed knocked down some big shots. Obviously Drew Ramble gave you what he gave you. Probably 20, probably average 22 and eight. Yeah. For the, for that series. This, it's gonna be a very, very interesting matchup. It's gonna be a champion. I'm gonna see how Fence is what he gonna do with, with Steph. How you gonna defend Steph?


Because Buddy Hill's like I, I'm gonna make y'all pay because y'all make it seem like I can't shoot the three, y'all know I can shoot the three, You know? Well, man, listen, if you don't scratch in game six, how do we expect for you to come out and give up 30 something in game seven? Come on man. Yeah, come on. We ain't nobody like this man is dope. He, he he out of it. Hey, when you hit that shot, was that at the end of the how? Yeah, I said, oh man. Yeah. I said, oh man, hey, it's good things good. You living right? Huh? You living? Yeah. I said, oh yeah. Oh man, hey, for a guy, for a guy who couldn't make a shot in game six to hit that, like yeah, that's, that's a confidence. That's a confidence builder. Hey listen, I for You know now, You know.


Yeah, I don't You Right, because he had 23. He had 23 in the first half. He didn't give you none in the third quarter. I don't think he's scored any in the third. He's scored in the third quarter. I think he got his 11 in the four. Yeah. He said he done any job. Hey, he said I got y'all this, I got y'all this lead I spotted y'all. So okay, Steph and Jimmy, y'all, y'all, y'all carry us home for me. Carry it home. Yeah. Hey, I don't, I don't know how much the NBA is a copycat league. As you watch a series and knowing you, you playing up the following team coming up next, like the NFL is you see something work on another team and then you just copy that and do the same thing. Well, You know, You know how to, to slow stuff down, You know, maybe not stop 'em but contain 'em and just do the same thing that rockets are doing defensively. The wolves are capable of doing that.


Yeah. They're capable of doing the same Thing. I think, I think the rockets, the, the wolves might have better defenders, individual defenders, right. Jay McDaniels is the individ is a, is a better individual, individual defender. So you're saying than anybody that Wait individual defender, I don't think there's really nobody off the dribble that can stay with Steph. Regardless, regardless of who, Who it is. No, ain't nobody really dealing with nobody one-on-one. Joe. He's the best of the best. Okay. Okay. Right, right. You just, you try to make it as tough as possible. So if he gives you 20, if he, if he averages 27, you try to hold him to 23. Right. Or if he gets his 27, you try to make it as inefficient as possible. Possible. Right. But you go out there and say, oh yeah, oh you average 27, you ain't getting but 12 a day. Go. Okay, good luck with that. Yeah. Nah, but I think, I think, I think T Wolf's got the defenders to to to, You know, wear him down throughout a series, You know.


Right. The long range of guys, You know. Yeah. Who gonna be pesty pick him up. Right. Go court. You know, just don't give him nothing easy. Man. I watch when I be watching the game, they take Steph out the game. They be playing four on four out there. Yeah. That man be standing at half court. He, his man don't even be looking at the ball. But I, I got, I got, I got the T Ws and Made made a young fella legacy continue. Yeah. I think he, he, he, I think I I I think he's going special. I think he's gonna be special in this series. I do too. And, and, and, and is a big game performer. I think the best thing that happened to Ant was going to the, the Olympics.


Yeah. And being around kd, being around LeBron being around Steph Curry. Like, okay, I'm glad, I'm glad I belong. They do. Yep. Yep. Amongst the grapes. Yes. And so how they, how they approach it, how they get themselves prepared, how they go about their business. Now look, he's not gonna, that's, that's not what he is. He, he, he not going to be as buttoned up as LeBron and Steph, but you got, you just gotta accept it for who he is. That's who he is. Yeah. And that was, have you heard what you just said? Yes. He doesn't have to be as buttoned up and he refused to be that he's authentic to himself, which is why he's so relatable to everyone else.


Why everybody's gonna be a fan. And I Right. You'd have some people that had to bring up stuff that has nothing to do with on the field and I mean on the field. Right. On the court. Anthony Edwards. But man, IIII love and appreciate anybody that remain true to themselves and who they are without conform and how they Think you should be as an NBA player. Yeah. But no, I don't, I don't just necessarily think it's an NBA player because every player's not held to the same standard as LeBron and a Steph Curry. Everybody wasn't held to the standard like Jordan. Everybody wasn't held to the standard like birdie magic. Right, right. Or Kobe it there, there's difference. But when they say, okay, when they talk about the NBA and they have these pictures up there and your face is front and center when they, when when the NBA marketing campaign, they want you front and center.


Right. It's just, it's different. Now you gotta realize these guys, like those old guys, they got married, they, You know, they now these guys on show, they playing video games. Jordan ain't playing no video games. Right. Magic Bird, the old guys weren't playing on their video games. Man. These guys now they, they, they playing card and they playing Fortnite against somebody or somebody on a whole different team. Hey man, what's your name? What's your tag? Alright, come on, check this out. Yeah. It's a different time now and I think we have to change our way of thinking Yeah. Of what the face of the NBA is because the old faces, those guys aren't like that anymore. No. Nom, hey look, whether, whether he likes it or not, You know, when you chosen, you chosen bro, You know, And nothing you can do, ain't nothing you can do About it.


And the route that he's taken, whether he likes it or not. He, he, he complete this mission right here. Yeah. It's going, it's, it's gonna happen whether he, whether he likes it or not. And yeah, that just comes with the game. It's part of it, man. You know what I mean? Yeah. Look, when you chosen Joe, you can't run for that. You remember Jonah, God told him say you go yo, nah. He's like, nah, nah, let somebody else. And so he, what he gonna do? He gonna get the boat and go that way. I said come here now when he spit his ass back up on the shore, what'd he do? He went and did what Jesus asked him to do, didn't he? Yeah. You see when you chosen Yeah, when you, that's your calling. Yeah. You can't run from it. Yeah. Hey listen, you, you might not answer the phone.


It's your call. You might not answer the phone. Don't worry about it. He'll take care of the rest. Yeah. So you can't, you, you can't run from that. I understand. 'cause he like, man look, I want to go, I wanna be free. I wanna do what I wanna do without y'all looking over my shoulder and, and cameras everywhere I go. 'cause I might come out the little hole in the wall and You know, facing the NBA ain't supposed to be in the hole in the wall. You know what I'm saying, Joe? You know what I'm saying, Joe. Hey, hey, I understand but when the universe pick you baby, they pick you. Yeah. You gotta is a man the best big game player in the NBA currently best big game player in the game currently, man, we had some guys play some big games.


Yeah, I think I I I probably, I probably give him the nod. I think because he just accepts it man. He, he, he's a little different than, than some of the, some of the other superstars that we have in the league. And I think that's why people gravitate to the rawness of who he is and how he speaks his mind and how he carries himself and how he talks trash throughout the games is Oh yeah, I'm looking to anybody. Yeah, I'm looking to play the Warriors. It don't matter who you are. Hold on. Y seen what Obama say. He said, look at this guy right here. He can play a little bit. He say, you better stand down. I'm the truth you talking about stop playing with me. So we we love that. We, we we gravitate toward it and we, and we all wanna see him do good man because he has the talent and night in and night out, bro.


He, he gives us something spectacularly, You know what I mean? Because not only can he make the three, he can play above the rim. He put your ass on the post or tonight you go up there if you want to. Yeah. Hey, I'm telling you, you gonna be on his card. You gonna be on his card. I, I think the underrated thing, I think his underrated attribute is his defense. Okay. Ocho. Oh yeah. Like I I'm saying on any level, whether it's blocking shots, whether it's locking down, playing his one-on-one defense, fighting over picks. Like he showed me some of that Lakers series and I was like, yeah, oh, young fella taking the next step. And that's what it is. Playing on both ends being a two-way superstar. Yeah. You know what I mean? Not just a two-way player, but he a two-way Stu superstar. 'cause he impacts the game on both ends of the floor.


Just like in that last closeout game against the Lakers, he didn't play great offensively, but defensively he was disruptive. He made plays offensively and he did enough for them to win. Like it didn't take for him to, You know, wow. You on, on, on the stat sheet. So yeah, I think that's, I think that's the the best part when you could tell about a player, when you can find other ways to impact the game. Even, even when you're not doing what you're known for, which you're scoring. Can I, can I impact the game with yo if I, if, if I don't have 10 catches, right? How is my blocking, how is my decoy? Am I getting outta there making everybody think I'm, I'm about to right? I'm about to get this rock when I know I'm just clear for somebody else to run the shallow or to run that deep over, but I need to make sure I get that safety up outta there and pull that linebacker.


Is that, is that, is that really So you gotta find way other ways to impact the game. 'cause sometimes guys only see their value if I'm catching passes. Passes. Yeah. If I'm scoring points right. No, you gotta find value in other things also. And that's when you become the greatness. Chad is evenly split on the series. 51% are taking the warriors 49% taking the T awards. Well somebody gonna be wrong. Yeah. E either a 51 or a 49. The Volume. Okay.


Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og cool rush for yourself.


And the Dream season is now complete. The Golden State Warriors of the 2015 NBA Champion on the new limited podcast series Dubb Dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examined the controversial move that made it possible. It's never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or ever you get your podcasts.


I am Camilla Ramon at Amli Ortiz and our podcast Asho is where sports, music and fitness collide and we cover it all the arriva. This season we sit down with history makers like the ska family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast for wherever you get your podcast. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.