
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn Up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City Branch terms and more@applecard.com.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound, and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You? turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


You can count on T Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest five G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone Up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days New finance device, qualifying credit and port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit s hsu.edu today to get started.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Wafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is underway with a brand new format and things are heating up Match. Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes, including Doman versus Barker and NTUs versus Man City. On Wednesday, December 11th can decide which match to watch. Paramount. Plus also has you covered with the Guzo Show a whip around show with all goals from every match. Try it free today at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports


The Volume.


The Emirates BA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draft King customers BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Thank you, thank you. Thank you again for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Happy Thanksgiving. Hopefully you were surrounded by family, friends, and loved ones and you got an opportunity to share something special. Watch some football, but we got some very special announcements to make. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. And guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. Aunt Shannon Sharp. That guy is your favorite. Number 85, the route run extraordinaire. Liberty City's own bingo ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro. Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Every subscriber counts. Thank you guys for helping us count. Helping us matter. Go check out Shea by La Portier if we have it in stock in abundance.


The holidays are right here. We can't get it to you by Thanksgiving, but you still have Christmas and you still have New Year's. If you can't find it any a city or state near you, order it and we'll get it to you because you should be celebrating the holidays. And what better way to celebrate than with a bottle of shade by La Porter. And starting tomorrow, we do free shipping, one bottle, two bottles, or case it does not matter, free shipping right to your doorstep. And do me one more favor, please Drink responsibly. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84. We had a lot of releases that dropped last month, but our Black Friday sale just launched. Items 50% off shirts are $20 off.


Hoodies are $40 off and all tees are back in stock. The Nightcap Club Sheha and 84, everything is in stock. We've also released some stocking stuffers. Beanies and cozies quantities are limited. So make sure you grab yours while supplies last before we get to the NFL Games. There were three games on the slate today. Really only one we're really interested in. And that was because of the bonehead plays by the coach. Yeah. But anyway, we'll get to that a little later. But Ocho, before we get to the game, we got some very, very special guests. Yeah. We like to introduce. Yeah, the first guy that you guys see on your screen is from Atlanta, Georgia, but he's out of the IMG Academy.


He's a defensive end. He's six foot three, two hundred and fifty five pounds. And his name is London Merrit London. Welcome to the show. We hear you got a very, very special announcement you wanna make. Yes sir. The floor is yours. Well, first of all, I wanna thank God for giving me the ability to play football at this high a level. I thank both My parents are pushing me to my limits every day. Sacrificing everything for me. You know, without dumb, I wouldn't be in this position position today. You know, I wanna thank all my coaches from Little League all to now. I wanna thank all my trainers, you know, called John Lewis de Walker. Now I also wanna thank my agent Cliff Hill. And without what I could do, I'll be committed to be Colorado University.


Okay sir, Congratulations man. Congratulations. Congratulations sir. I appreciate you. Hold on. Huh? I just thought about something now you could you, you, you said thank you to everybody, but you ain't thank me. Can I, can I get some type of, you know What, I'm gonna thank you after I whoop you whenever you come to Atlanta on that one-on-one Oh oh. Time out. Time out. Timeout. I'll be there tomorrow. I'll be there tomorrow saying listen, I play, I played left Tackle. I played right Tackle. And I, I studied you, I did my research on you. I know what you can do. You the real deal. You at IMG. Mind you, I'm in, I'm in Miami. I'm right down the street. Yes sir. So I've been watching, you know, I've been watching. I did my homework, but I'm just telling, I know your moves. I know what you like to do.


Now listen, what you can't do, you, you can bend real good. You got, you got a few moves. You got a few moves in your arsenal. Yes sir. I appreciate work is good. Hey, and your first step nigga, you got a first step? Yes sir. You got a good first step. But I'm telling you what I could do once I anchor down, once I ain't get down at the point of attack, it's over for you boy. All right. I'm gonna let you think that. Alright. Alright. I'll be in Atlanta tomorrow. That's all I gotta say. Let's Do it. London, you had an opportunity to go to a lot of big schools originally you were scheduled to go to Ohio State. We know what Ohio State as far as the defensive line, the bolster brothers, chase Young, Vernon Goldstone, they normally have high round draft picks at the D line position.


What went into your decision? You flip and all of a sudden you're going to see you Colorado Coach Prime is very excited about that. What went into your decision to all of a sudden says, you know what I think cu you is the place for me, For me, well it was just, you know, the way that Colorado believes in me and then just the consistency from Colorado, you know, Ohio, Ohio State, you know, especially Coach Johnson, you know, I loved him a lot, but at the end of the day, it was a bus, a business decision for me. I had to bet on myself and I felt like it was just a better fit for me, better for me in Colorado's, you know, defense, you know, with their staff and everything in that nature. So that's just the main reason why I just decided to go ahead, make a decision with my family.


And flip over to Colorado. Have you spent any time, Warren SAP is on that staff as an assistant. We know what SAP is. He's the first ball hall of Fame d tackle one of the premier d tackles in NFL history. Have you spent much time talking to sap? Yeah, Every time I, every, every, well, every day I was there, you know, we was talking. He's crazy. I love him a lot. You know, he brings a lot of energy. Yep. Yeah. He brings a lot of energy to the room and you know, it's, that's something I need, you know, I need somebody on my back to get on me when I'm not doing what I gotta do. Right. Coach, Prime loves, he loves players with swag and he lets guys be themselves, you know, celebrate. Hey, celebrate. Just don't hurt the team.


Yeah. But I want you to be yourself. I'm not gonna force you to be something that you're not. If you play with a lot of emotion, you play with a lot of passion. As long as you're not hurting the team, that is who I want you to be. Do you, do you, is that how you play? Is that one of the thing? Because you see how the guys holding up this, the guys doing, they having seemingly having fun. Yeah, I mean, of course I shoot you see it like, like you see it. Hell, I thought that was Foot Locker. Nah, it is our basement. Like you see it like, oh, of course got got that. I got that swag. You know what I'm saying? But, but y'all on the field, you know, I got my little celebrations, you know, I come out, you know how Coach Coach Pro said, you know, look good, feel good, play good. You know what I'm saying? So at the end of the day, and they pay good.


Oh yeah. Yes sir. Go ahead. So what are some of the personal, what are some of the per, obviously you say you're gonna get there the spring, so you an opportunity, I think you'll get an opportunity to practice in the spring and hopefully, you know, see what you can do. But what's your goal? What's, what's the goal for you London, your freshman year? What do you want to accomplish in your first year at cu? Definitely want to, you know, become a freshman All American, you know, freshman first team or this, you know, because I just wanna be a freshman all American. And then that's one of my main goals when I get there. So I'm gonna, you know, work my tail off.


You know, I'm gonna let Coach Prime know that's what I wanna do. So I'm gonna work my tail off and, you know, prove it and just prove it to 'em. You know, there's also some, there's also some I know I can hear my parents. I sta but you know, some goals in the weight, in the weight room that I gotta handle too. You know, I'm probably get my 40 down to, you know, four, five, you know, 2 25 or at least more than 30 times. So, you know, just, just things I needed. I just, I I got, you know, something my goals for Yeah. You know what, I, I do wanna congratulate you again. You know, there were other schools that you could have chosen, but you're choosing to go to Colorado again with a legend and, and, and Dion and one that will allow you to be yourself. And I think that's, that's very important.


And not only are you getting a coach, a a very, very good head, head coach, but you're getting, you're getting how, how, how do I say it? A player's coach, which is, which is very important, especially for the younger, younger generation. A coach that can, can relate to the younger generation, can relate to this era. And not only a coach, dude, you're getting a person like Prime man that can also be somewhat of a father figure as well. And someone that will help you become a man outside of your immediate family. And I think that's also a good thing. And the fact that he's gonna allow you to be yourself. I think that's very, very important. We're proud to be, to be able to understand on how the players of this era are able to en enjoy themselves and ex express enthusiasm with their play and, and the passion for the game.


So for one, I want to congratulate you. Thank you. And you gonna have a good time over there, man. You gonna be, you have a good time and you, and you, you getting more than just a head coach And, if you might not understand it right now, but you'll get, you'll get it on the back end on what I mean. Yes sir. Of course. I appreciate that. London, if you were to compare yourself, who are some of the guys in the NFL that you look at and says, okay, I kind wanna pattern my game after him? O Ocho Ocho. Yeah, but no, definitely, definitely Michael Parsons. You know, I watch him a lot and you know, I'm a, I would say I'm versatile, you know, I can play all over, all over the line and you know, and I definitely see myself playing the way he plays.


You know, he blisters from linebacker plays, you know, all on the Y nine, you know, and then type five, you know, just all over the line. So that's just, you know, that's my main comparison, you know? Do you like to stand up or you like to put your hand in your dirt? Are you more comfortable with a 43 being down, like you said in the nine be shade seven technique and the, and the three, in the three four defense you mentioned, it's like a five out. Like damn, you wanna be a tight defensive being so what you see yourself sliding up and down the line where if you can find a weak link that's the door handle you wanna pull on. Oh yeah, Of course. You know, anyone line, you know, because like I said on Versatile, you know, anywhere, anywhere they need me, I'll be there. So I, I, I'm, I'm good standing up, I'm good.


You know, coming Up to three point stance. So why nine top five? The three anywhere? So That's live, Coach, Prime al he also like, he's like, look, obviously if these guys come here and some of 'em have aspirations to go into the next level, and I want that to happen, but I wanna create great men. I wanna create great fathers, I wanna create great husbands, I wanna create great community leaders. Academics is something that he's stressed. What will your, have you decided on a major? Yeah, I'm, I'm a probably major in bus business and finance. Okay. That's, that's, that's, that's a good, you know, handle your, handle your business and then your, the finances will take care of themselves and you'll know where your money's going.


Yes sir. Of course. You mentioned your mom, you mentioned your mom and dad and how they, they pushed you and they motivated you to become the best version of London that you could possibly become. Yes ma'am. Talk a little bit about your parents. Well, every, ever since I was little, my parents, you know, instilled a greatness into me. My dad has been everywhere, you know, he's is, he spent, my parents spent so much money, they sacrificed so much things. They sent me to IMG, you know, my junior like in the beginning of, or halfway through my junior year, you know, so I can get ready and develop for college and I'm not going, you know, that's a, that's kind of a big move. 'cause I'm not home, you know, it's different. It's like a mar in college, but at the end of the day, right, it's about, you know, my development, my, you know, and me being ready for the next level.


So, you know, dad, he pushed me since I was a little kid, always now and then that even farther. So he tells me one thing I like about, you know, Coach Prime, he, you know, he always says he'll keep it a hundred with you. He'll tell you what you're doing is right or wrong. That's the same thing my dad's been doing since I was a little kid. You know, he's been telling me, you know, everything I don't want to hear and everything I need to hear. So he's just, he's not gonna, you know, baby me or tell me, oh, you had a pretty good game now. If I had a bad game, he gonna tell me had a bad game and what I need to work on. So definitely I appreciate both of my parents, you know, my mom's there, my mom helps me with the school part. My mom don't play, but I'm do the school work, you know.


So they like a lot. They like how, you know, coach Bryan doesn't play around either. 'cause you know, while we, while we was there, we kind of did like a day in life thing there, you know, like a day being a buff, you know, and he randomly, you know, puts up people's grades on, on the, on the, on the board or whatever. So on The board, on the screen. Yeah. So my mom, my mom, well my mom already on me, but my grades, you know, so she likes that. And she'll, she now she ain't got worry about, you know, me slacking in school, whatever. 'cause Coron gonna be on me. Yeah. Hey, is is there a specific team that you like in NFL? I'm not saying where you want to go, but I'm just saying right now as far as watching the game of football, do you have a, a specific favorite team and a favorite player?


It doesn't have to be your position, just in general. Nah, I don't really have like a favorite team. I'm just kind of watch the players, you know, I like, I like watching The Ravens, but my favorite, like my favorite player is Michael Parson right now. I just, I watch him so much and I just model my game after him so much. So that's just kind of who my favorite player is right now. But I like watch it. I really like watching Ravens. So, out outside of Michael Parson, how do you feel about Miles Garrett and tj? Y Oh yeah, no, they're both very good Miles. Garrett, he's, he's versatile too. He's strong, you know, he heavy handed. I would, I, if I were to like take some attributes for him, I would say our hand, I like, I our hands are, you know, similar, you know, I'm heavy handed too.


I like Stripe people, I like to hit people, you know what I'm saying? So, right. And then, you know, the pass was just there. Got London. Congratulations. We appreciate you making this announcement on Club Shehe. We greatly appreciate that. Yes, sir. Appreciate, I mean, what I say, my bad, Nightcap London. Yeah, before we go guys, that's London Merit defensive end 6 3 255 pounds from Atlanta, Georgia, but from the IMG Academy, it seems like IMG Academy Colorado has a pipeline from ING Academy because he's the first of many that's gonna be headed to see you London. Congratulations. Yes, sir. And don't duck me, we'll keep we, we'll gonna keep an eye on you and we'll see you down the road. Yes sir. I'll be in Atlanta tomorrow.


Don't duck me. All right, bet. Just let me know all smoke. You know what it is. Yeah, you Yeah, I know. I know. Don't worry. Yeah. All right.


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What makes Guardian Bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to the thoughtful engineering lightweight frames and kid friendly components, kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian Bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in the USA factory, ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest steal of the year. Save Up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit Guardian Bikes dot com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Minoff. Picture this, you're in the garage, your favorite room in the house, and you're tuning up your engine with parts you found on eBay. Every piece is just locking perfectly into place. You step back to admire your work, hands covered in grease. And because you're committed to driving that thing further, then the odometer can even handle you Start thinking to yourself, you know what? I could probably use some new brakes, some shocks and struts. This baby deserves a new air filter. So you head right back to eBay, you can find any part you need. It's unreal from wipers and headlights to cold air, intakes, exhaust systems, and even that turbo you've had on your mind. eBay is that stock garage of your dreams and you've got eBay guaranteed fit because eBay knows DIY fixes can be major and mods are also intense. So you need to know those parts are guaranteed to fit every time before you dive in Wrench first, and in the off chance you order a part and it doesn't fit, send it back. Simple as that. You know what you love more than the car itself is driving it. You're serious when it comes to engine maintenance and locked in when you're headed into a build. And that's exactly why you start with eBay Minor Fix or complete Overhaul. You want to get your ride back on the road and you've got eBay guaranteed fit. So eBay created my garage where all you had to do is add your ride's info to get exact parts that fit. When you see that green check, you're a click away from that part clicking perfectly into place. So now that you know all that, imagine standing at that open garage door looking at the car you love. More than anything, knowing that anything is possible, whether it's keeping it on the road forever or turning it into something that's never been on the road before. Because with eBay, your garage just got a whole lot bigger. Get all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed the fit every time. eBay things people love


Black Friday has officially started@blinds.com and the savings are huge. Right now you can save Up to 50% Sitewide and score premium doorbusters and a free professional measure. Don't wait. These deals are happening right now. Swapping out old blinds for custom window coverings is a small project with big results and blinds.com makes it easy and affordable. With blinds.com there are no long lines or confusing quotes. You shop online without sacrificing quality, style, or service. One of our design experts can help you make the perfect selection on your schedule. We can even handle everything from Measure to install. Plus you get window treatments for your whole home installed for just one low cost With over 25 million windows covered blinds.com is the number one online retailer of custom window coverings blinds dot com's Black Friday Sales Event is happening now with our best deals of the season, save up to 50% sitewide and score premium door busters and a free professional measure@blinds.com. Rules and restrictions may apply.


You can count on T Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest five G network. Switch the T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch Up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlocked device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


This is Jenny Garth from 9 0 2 1 OMG. As a Delta skymile member, you already know how to travel the world in style. Now with skymile experiences, you can take your journey to new heights through exclusive access to a curated selection of one of a kind events. Whether it's backstage passes to your favorite concert, courtside seats at a major sporting event, or access to luxurious wellness retreats, you can use your miles to go to these unforgettable experiences. Your membership is more than miles and your journey is more than a flight. Sky Miles experiences offers collection spanning music, film, fashion, sports, wellness, adventure and the culinary world. Whatever your passion, you'll find an adventure that's as unique as you are. skymile experiences is just one more way Delta connects you to your world and the things that matter most. It's time to make your dream experiences reality. Visit delta.com/sky miles experiences and use your miles to unlock your next unforgettable adventure today. Not a Sky Miles member. It's free and easy to sign up and start earning miles today. Terms apply.


Woo man, IMG Academy must be having a heck of a defense. The next guy that has a very impressive announcement that he wants to make, he's a six three defensive end defensive tackle, 265, 260 pounds. Also from the IMG Academy. He's Alex McPherson. Alex heard you got some very interesting news. You wanna break tonight on Nightcap, the floor is yours. I definitely have some exciting news, but I wanna thank a few people first. First and foremost, thank God. Oh yeah, I wanna thank my parents for being there for me every step of the way, sacrificing so much. I wanna thank my family, uncles, aunts, cousins, all of them. I also wanna thank Ruben Carter, George Bailey for helping me get to where I'm training wise and my coaches from IMG.


I also wanna thank the coaches from Oklahoma State for, you know, respecting my decision, understanding that relationship we've built has been really strong. But at the end of the day, like London said, it's a business decision. So without further ado, I'll be taking my talent to University of Colorado. That's what's up man. Congratulations man. Y'all must have had a heck of a defense that had you on one side, London on the other. I'm reading, I'm reading your STA bio here, your defensive end defensive tackle, but you played a lot of other positions, you played tight end in high school, so obviously you got great hands. What made you flip to the other side of the football?


Because if you're tight end, you like, you know, touchdowns and, and the crowd screaming and all and all of a sudden did you grow out of the position or you just felt better hitting people as opposed to getting hit defensive player. Alex, if you don't mind us asking, you mentioned that Oklahoma State you originally had committed that you were gonna go to Oklahoma State and then you last minute you flipped, changed your mind and you flipped to go to see you. What were some of the things that went into your decision that caused you to say, you know, obviously you had a, a strong liking for Oklahoma State because you originally committed to them and then all of a sudden you changed, you know, you reverse field and then you go to see you. What was some of the things, what was the major thing that made you change your mind? Yes sir. You know, the obvious is it's hard to pass up all those guys that have been where you want to go.


And I think that's the best thing to help me get there. You know, the guys that have been there, done what you wanna do and they know what it takes. So, Yeah, I like that look. What, what do you think you'll bring to Colorado's program that alongs with Coach Prime vision and what he's trying to accomplish in having a consistent winning program at Colorado is A, I know he harps a lot about off the field character, which I have a great character off the field, very humble, you know, I'm to myself on the field strive for greatness, you know, they help that too. So I'm always trying for greatness. I got a great character on and off the field.


It's very different character on the field than there off the field. So that's it. Right. What can, what can the student body, what can the alumni, what can the community of of CU Boulder, Colorado, what can they expect to get outta Alex? McPherson A great player that's always gonna do his best to help the team win off the field. You know, I'm always open to meeting people, talking to them, you know, I'm really just like a chill guy off the field. I'm not the same guy off the field. You know, you see these kids like be cocky or whatever, not wanna talk to people. That's not me. I like it. Listen, I I know what you talking, go ahead.


Oh, you gotta, No, no, go ahead. Hey. Yeah, see, I, I know what your long-term goal is. Obviously Colorado being a stepping stone to get to the highest, the highest level, which I'm sure is a childhood dream of yours. But what are your short-term goals as far as Colorado goes once you get to school? You Know, again, like one just said I wanna be on the field early freshman, all American is in my mind and I, I wanna get bigger, faster, stronger to, you know, getting rid of that next level. I like it. I have one question as far as nutrition is concerned, do you eat McDonald's? That's very important when it comes to being successful. Depends, If it's late night and nothing else is open, I'll eat some McDonald's. Let's go. Let's what? Talking about Freshman, all American coming right now, I'm telling you, boy, that's need Have the McDonald's all American, like basketball.


I'm looking at your bio, Alex, you're 6 3, 260 pounds and I'm looking at some of the guys that, that are, that plays in the league, the level that you want to get to. Who are some of the guys that you kind of pattern your game after and says, you know what, I kind of want, I, I kind of wanna model my game after here. Yes Sir. I've heard a lot of comparison of Max Crosby, like the way we play. Yeah. Be a Good one. I I don't really like to compare myself to people, to other people, you know, 'cause everybody's a different person because, I mean, max Crosby I think is my closest comparison. Okay. Let, let's, let's, let's go away from comparisons. Players that play your position, that's in the NFL. Is there someone that you look, you, you look Up to or you kind of model your game after and not compare?


I'm not, not comparing, I'm just saying some of you model your game after and look Up to as far as someone like you, if there was a player that you would want to be like, or maybe even better, even better than who would it be? Yes Sir. I, I, I like Max Crosby. He has a high motor, so, Okay. He, he definitely has a motor. What was some of the things, Alex, when you, when you went on your visit to see you, what was some of the things that sold you and says, you know what, instead of going to Stillwater, I think this is the place for me. Yo, going back to what I said about all the people there, all the people around. Like, I saw OCHO on my visit, like that's just one of the people I saw. There was all these.


Wait, you saw who you saw? Who? That's me. I, I'm a, I'm an intern. So when you get down the spring, I'm an intern there so I'm, we gonna be seeing Joe. Alright. But yeah, like I said, all the people that are around there that if they tell you to move a hand a certain way, a foot, a certain way, it can always help you, you know, get to that next level. And one of the things I like about that is they can tell you what separates the people that were great and what separates the people that were good. You know what I mean? Mm. Obviously I'm sure you had conversation I asked London about sap, you know, he's one of the premier defensive players that's ever played in our game.


He played at a high level for a very, very long time. He was a defensive player of the year. He was an all decade player. Player and obviously he's a member of the pro football Hall of Fame. What is it about SAP that you like talking to him about? Like That? I like talking to him about, Yeah, talking to Warren Sap. So yeah, I'm sure you had conversations with Him. I mean just ball, you know, what he did to get himself better. Like, I mean that's really it. Like on the sideline before the game he came up, he was chest bumping my dad, he was saying, leave your boy here, go have fun. Yeah, that was pretty cool. But like I said, just talking about ball, how he got to where he was and it all goes back to like the people around there that know what it takes and they know how to get you there.


You mentioned that your mom's A-A-D-U-I lawyer in South Florida. So tell me, tell me the role that your parents played in your upbringing and helped you get to the player, the person, the man that you, your young man that you are, and to the transition, hopefully you become an even better man and even better football player. Tell us the role that your parents played in that Since a young age. They were on me hard about my future. Like as soon as I started playing football, they were like, you gotta be locked in because I mean, you're gonna have a future because they, I was big since the youngin, so yeah. And I, we were always in church, you know, so I love God and we're a big Christian family, so that goes along with Coach Pines culture and all that over there.


That's live well, you know, every, everything always starts at home. The foundation for any man, young man, regardless of what sport you play, re regardless of what you do in the outside world, it always starts at home. And based off what I've seen so far, listen, your parents did one hell of a job, man, and I'm wishing you luck. Yes sir. When you do get to Colorado, I'm gonna be seeing you there because I, I am an intern. I just got another job, you know that, that were prime. So I'm excited for you, I'm excited for you. I hope your, your family and your parents are excited and I know you're gonna do well when you here. Yes sir. Thank you. We're all excited. Alice, we're looking at one more thing before we get you out here Alex. We, I'm looking at your defensive end. Defensive tackle. Is there one that you favor other, the other, do you like playing in space? You like the three technique, you like the shade or you like to be in a nine technique, you like to be in a seven technique, you like to be in a five.


What do you favor? Where's what's gonna get the best out of Alex McPherson? I like to say that I think I'm more productive on the inside because usually I'm a lot quicker than the guard. So I can, Okay, I can get past them quicker. Use your speed. I like being in space because you can move too in space, but I think I'll be more productive as a defensive tackle 'cause I can move quicker than a lot of it guard. Well Alex, we want to thank you for coming on Nightcap tonight and making this very, very special announcement. Congratulations to you and your family. There's big things ahead of you in your future. See you getting some, got two great players and I'm, we're proud of you and we wish you the best. We're gonna keep our eye on it so I'm sure we'll have a conversation again next year.


Yes sir. Thank you for having me. Alright. Right. Thanks for joining us. Appreciate you bro. Our next guy that's gonna make this very, very special announcement, he's out of Fort Worth, north Crowley High School. He's a wide receiver. He's five foot eight, a hundred sixty five pounds. He runs on The four by one, relay The four by two Relay. So normally when you guys out of Texas and they will play wide receiver and still position fast, fast they normally can run. Yeah. So here he is. Without any further ado. Quentin Gibson. Quentin, the floor is yours. Take your time young man. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. qb qb Before you go, before you go before go outside of The four by one. What else? You run? Run The four by two. That ain't really, lemme run the open event last year.


Okay. Okay. I'm you think you faster than me? Yeah. Wait, come again? Yeah, you could beat me in the 40, 6020. Don't matter. Hey man, don't play with me like that man. No, I'm serious. I'm asking you a real question. I'm, I'm serious. All right. Line it up. Well any day. Alright, where you at right now? You in Texas? Yes Sir. Okay, I'm gonna come, I'll be out there Saturday. I bet we can do after to my game. Okay, I asking Rich you at this game? All right, say less. I'll be there. Listen, finish ain. Paper smoke. You won't. Yo, I'm, I'm just letting you know and that, that's what all due respect, Quin, you gotta, I gotta got a very special.


Quentin, you got a very special announcement you'd like to make. The floor is yours First. I would like to thank God for giving me the talent and opportunity to be where I'm right here today. I would like to thank my family for being there with me through the ups and downs and the sacrifices they made for me to be at this point. Also my coaches from Little League to now for developing me, developing me to the man I am today. I would like thank my trainer from 365 training, for training, for pushing me and helping me throughout my process. With that being said, I'll be committed to Colorado Go bus There. It's, that's what's up. Yeah, we out here. Go bus. Quentin, what went into this decision? Obviously, you know, going into your senior year you didn't have a lot, but then you got Mississippi State, TCU, Kansas State, Illinois, SMU and a lot of other schools.


What was it about your trip to Boulder that changed your mind and said this is the place for me. So went into my decision with me wanting to be bought into a school that was like a family and like everybody that's been around Coach Prime been with Coach Prime for many years. So like what, what was the, what was just the better option? Yeah, that, that is true. Anytime you do play for Coach Prime, obviously you being able to talk to him, you understand, you understand what you're getting. Not just as a coach but as, as a mentor, almost a father figure. And I continue to say that to the other athletes that we've had on there because he was a father figure and a mentor to me during my time, during my playing days and even still long after, you know, my value in the NFL is is, is is no longer worthy.


So I'm excited for you, I'm happy for you. I've seen you, I studied you, I know what you could do. So I understand the contributions that you're gonna bring, you know, to that team and that score. So dude, I'm happy. What do you hope to learn from Coach Prime before you get there, once you, in that, that controlled instruction environment? Really I hope, I hope to learn, shoot really how to be a better man in life, you know, outside of football, but with within football, what it's gonna take for me to get to the next level where I wanna be. The one thing y'all can say about Coach Prime, if you look at his skill position players, the wide receivers, he puts the ball in the hands. Yes sir. Be it Travis Hunter, be it Webster Shepherd, it does not matter.


He wants the ball into his play maker's hand. You consider yourself a playmaker with elite speed. What do you hope, what do, what does Quentin bring to the cu offense? Well, I bring the ability to flip the field no matter where we at and I bring, you know, like that consistency, we like to, if you need, you need a third down conversion of the ball. Hope to feel like the shoes Aste West and Jimmy on. Yep. Yeah. What I'm, I'm you're, you're the youngest, you have six siblings, you have five sisters, one brother, you're the second youngest. What is it like being in a family that in, in a family that size, if I'm, you say you're the second youngest, so if the, is the your sister the oldest or the sister?


The oldest, Yeah. I have a sister that's the oldest. It's like really growing up, it was a lot of girls in the house. So lot different, lot of different attitudes going on. You know, I have my brother, you know, my mom sometimes saw with my sister more, but you know, It's, it's what it's now. So you get to see you. I you look like, I think you're gonna, you're gonna roll in the spring and so obviously you're hoping to make an impression to show everybody who Queen Gibson is. What do you hope to bring? What can the, what can the student body, what can the, the alumni, what can they expect from you in your freshman year?


What do you want to accomplish in your freshman year? I just wanna make history, like whatever it take, like it could be most senior, most freshman, touchdown receiver, anything. I just want my name to be in history books. Oh, you returner also? Yes Sir. Wow. Yeah. Okay, so you won the ball. So in other words, he want the ball in his hands. Ocho he say listen, they can point it to me, they can kick it to me, hand it to me, throw it to me. Just put the ball in my hands and I can make a placement. Yes. Listen. And all you got, all you gotta do is show 'em. Start starting in the spring. You put the ball in my hands. I'm gonna do something with it every time. I'm gonna deliver like Amazon next day, two days, three days. It don't matter what it is. You got to walk with that confidence and you already got it.


There's certain things that you can, coaches can coach and just sitting here, exchange it with you in this short amount of time. You already got it. You got that it factor. All you gotta do is take, you already know what I'm trying to say. Take what you got now, take it on the field and the rest is gonna be history. It don't matter who you playing week in and week out. Yes sir. Qu when I look at you, obviously it's just something about guys, receivers that come out of the, the, the state of Texas. We expect all them to run four, three or faster. Who are some of the guys that, when you look at your, I mean your five foot eight, your 165 pounds, but, so that lets me know you, you got speed to play with. You got speed to burn. Who are some of the guys that at the next level in the NFL that you was like, okay, I can, I I can do some of the things that he does.


I could say like Tyre ke Turpen. I like Terry mc. Yeah, I feel like I, I flipped the field like Tyreek kill, I can track the ball like Terry McLaurin, you know, got the speed, like turfing Speed. Like Ocho. I like That. I like that. You got anything else Ocho No, I, I had, I had to throw, I had to throw another quality in there for him real quick. He, he left that one out. Well, Quentin, congratulations man. That's a, that's a, the, the, the CU family. I'm sure they're very, very excited to get you Coach Prime spoke very highly of you when I talked to him the other day.


You're joining two great guys that's also going from the IMG Academy. It looks like this freshman class is gonna be something special, something that CU can build on because it looks like they're coming off, they're gonna be coming off a great season. We'll see what happens the last game of the season on Saturday and then they're going to a bowl game. So hopefully they can win that. And if so, that means you guys coming in, you're gonna have, have a lot on your shoulders because the cu that the last five or six years is not to see you today and what's gonna be tomorrow. So again, congratulations to you. Look forward to following your career and I'm sure Ocho and I Nightcap see you down the road. Down the road. I'm gonna see you Saturday.


I'll see you Saturday after the game. And I got my spikes too. Be I. Don't want no excuses, no excuses. Yeah. All, all, yo Guys, I know you told, I know we told you we gonna have three guys, but we got a surprise. We got a fourth guy that's gonna be joining us and making this special announcement. You ready? He's, he's coming. Give, give us, oh, there he goes. There he goes. The guy that just joined us is a six foot five, two hundred and ninety five pounds offensive tackle from Mobile Alabama outta Williamson High School.


Cardi. They call him Smitty Smith. Cardi. Hi. What's good? What's good man. Congratulations man. We're excited to have you on here at Nightcap, the Nightcap family and you make this very, very special announcement. Hopefully it's the first of many announcements that you're gonna be making that's very, very special. The floor is yours take off. So we have a little technical difficulties. Bear with us guys, bear with us tonight. We have some young men that's making some very, very special announcements for us.


We good to go now And so, so just bear with us. We really appreciate these young men coming on and sharing these very, very special announcements with us. This is very, very big for them. A lot of don't get this kind of platform to make this, these kind of announcements. So we really thank these young men for giving us their time and giving us this opportunity to showcase them. Alright, Cardi, we got everything situated now the floor is yours again. First I wanna give a big shout to my mom, my dad. I instantly shout out to my mom, you know, that's really my backbone. Wanna give a shout out to my coaches, my teammates and all my little league coaches and everybody that got me in this position.


Basically my whole family. And with that being said, I'll be convinced to Colorado bus. Yeah, The bumps. Let's go Aboves. How did Cardi, how Smitty can we, you wanna be called, you wanna be called Smitty or do you wanna be called Go by your sm Okay. Smitty. Okay. That's what I, that's what we, that's all we need to know. Smitty, how did you come to this decision? Really just, you know, going up there, I've been up there twice. I went Up to, for the Baylor game in Cincinnati game. Really just sitting down talking with Coach Coach Prime and know that was the, the really the main thing that that set it off.


Oh yeah. Hey, what do you, what are you looking forward to most about competing at the collegiate level? Boss Man, I just want my shot. I just want my shot to go take it and I get it. They gonna, they gonna feel it. Yeah. What did, what are your expectations? The left tackle is a true freshman that's starting. Is that your, is that your goal to go in there in the spring, earn a spot and says, look, I, I'm not, I look, I ain't trying to red shirt, I ain't trying to raid a year and get rotational plays. I'm starting, I'm trying to be a day one starter from the jump. Yes, Sir. That, that's definitely plan. You know, I feel like I can go in there, they gimme the chance and I, I feel like I can compete with anybody to take that spot.


I like that. Hey, I have a question, right? Like, I wanna change the name. Can I, I'm gonna call you boss man. Smitty. All Right. Okay, dude, we, we rolling, we rolling over that. So from now, your name is Boss man Smitty. Smitty. You Decommitted from USC, right? And you chose Colorado. What went in your decision that made you wanna do that? Really just the environment that I was around with Colorado. Know it just, it just feel like family more at really coach field, you know, coach Field, a real dude sitting down with Coach Field, he telling me the ins and out and this and that about Colorado and seeing that, you know, he actually played in the game.


Having a coach that actually played at that position and you know, was really the best in his time, you know, really couldn't turn it down. Plus the opportunity to play it early. I'm, listen, I'm, I'm looking at your background. You played basketball, also played Little basketball, A little basketball, middle School. You, you, you you outgrew the court, huh? I had to basketball. Did you, did you, did you run track? Did you throw the shot? The discus? No. No Sir. So you just once, once, once you just started focusing on football, you like, okay, this gonna be my ticket up outta here.


Yeah, Once I, once I took off it was over for anything else. I'm reading your hometown, you grew up in Mobile, Alabama, obviously that's where the Senior Bowl is located. Have you ever gone and watched those guys? Those are the guys that are the college seniors or, or the underclassmen that goes down there. All the scouts are there and give an opportunity because those are the guys that's gonna get drafted. Have you ever gone down there and watched those guys practice watch the game? Yes sir. I ain't go to the one last year, but it used to be at LA you know, we used to always go up there every time they had the game, we used to go up there, la tailgate, then go watch the game and after, you know, okay, get to meet the players and stuff. Yeah. That's awesome.


Obviously you wanna play at the next level. When you look at some of the offensive tackles you got Jay, obviously you, you got Trent Williams, you got Lane Johnson, them two officer, you got some of the Especially Lane Johnson. Oh those, okay, go ahead. I'm gonna let you go ahead. Yeah, you know Trent Williams at left, you know you got Lane Philadelphia, right? You know I really studied Lane Johnson. You know he played my position. Yeah, that what right. He's is he is Great Feet got great hands. If you notice those guys, they're never lazy with their feet and they're never lazy with their hands because these guys are the next level Smit. They real good if you get lazy, they don't take but a half a step and they buy you smoke.


They are, Hey, hey, well Smitty back. Hey, His name is Boss man. Smitty. Now boss Boss man. We gonna somebody, if we gonna address him, we gotta address him the right way. Alright, boss man. Boss man. Congratulations bro. We really appreciate your time. Giving us a few minutes of your time to make this very, very important announcement. Hopefully, like I said, this is the first of many, many announcements that you're gonna be making. We congratulations to you and your family. We know a lot of people here, we are talking to you, but there's a lot of people behind the scenes that responsible for you being here today. Oh yes. And speaking of that, I Also wanna give a shout to, and Devin over there, Colorado, one of the recruiting coaches, he one of the first dudes that hit me up and got me in tune with Colorado.


Wanna get a shot? Alright, well boss man, we appreciate your time, man. We going keep, we gonna keep an eye on you. We'll be, we'll be following you and see hopefully in a couple years down the road we, you'll come back on here and say, Hey, my time to see you. It's up, it's time to take it to the next level. So congratulations to you and your family man and we'll be seeing you. Alright, Thank you. Yo, thank you. That was that g That was Cardi boss, man boss, boss man. Smit Smith, Boss man Smitty London. Merrit is a defensive end 2 55. He's going to Colorado. He decommitted from Ohio State, going to see you.


Alex. McPherson, he decommitted from Oklahoma State going to Colorado and Quentin Gibson. He was a speedster out of Fort Worth, Texas North car. Crowley high school wide receiver. Five eight a hundred sixty five pounds. That's The four guys that are made their announcement here on Nightcap. For the first time ocho, we've had high school seniors make an announcement of such magnitude here it is the first of many, I'm sure,


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What sets Guardian Bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian Bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in A USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times wire cutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save Up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus, get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit Guardian Bikes dot com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. Picture this, you're in the garage, your favorite room in the house, and you're tuning up your engine with parts you found on eBay. Every piece is just locking perfectly into place. You step back to admire your work, hands covered in grease, and because you're committed to driving that thing further than the odometer can even handle you start thinking to yourself, you know what? I could probably use some new brakes, some shocks and struts. This baby deserves a new air filter. So you head right back to eBay, you can find any part you need. It's unreal from wipers and headlights to cold air intakes, exhaust systems, and even that turbo you've had on your mind. eBay is that stock garage of your dreams and you've got eBay guaranteed fit because eBay knows DIY. Fixes can be major and mods are also intense. So you need to know those parts are guaranteed to fit every time before you dive in wrench first, and in the off chance you order a part and it doesn't fit, send it back. Simple as that. You know what you love more than the car itself is driving it. You're serious when it comes to engine maintenance and locked in when you're headed into a build. And that's exactly why you start with eBay. Minor Fix or complete overhaul. You want to get your ride back on the road and you've got eBay guaranteed fit. So eBay created my garage. Or all you had to do is add your ride's info to get exact parts that fit. When you see that green check, you're a click away from that part clicking perfectly into place. So now that you know all that, imagine standing at that open garage door looking at the car you love. More than anything, knowing that anything is possible, whether it's keeping it on the road forever or turning it into something that's never been on the road before. Because with eBay, your garage just got a whole lot bigger. Get all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love.


You can count on T Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest five G network. And if you're an at t customer, T-Mobile Will pay off your locked up phone Up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days New finance device, qualifying credit and port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


This is Jenny Garth from 9 0 2 1 OMG. As a Delta Sky Miles member, you already know how to travel the world in style. Now with Sky Miles experiences, you can take your journey to new heights through exclusive access to a curated selection of one of a kind events. Whether it's backstage passes to your favorite concert, courtside seats at a major sporting event or access to luxurious wellness retreats, you can use your miles to go to these unforgettable experiences. Your membership is more than miles and your journey is more than a flight. Sky Miles experiences offers collection spanning music, film, fashion, sports, wellness, adventure and the culinary world. Whatever your passion, you'll find an adventure that's as unique as you are. SkyMiles experiences is just one more way Delta connects you to your world and the things that matter most. It's time to make your dream experiences reality. Visit delta.com/sky miles experiences and use your miles to unlock your next unforgettable adventure today. Now a Sky Miles member, it's free and easy to sign up and start earning miles today Terms apply.


Mm


What are you drinking there? I mean, what do you mean what am I drinking? What do you think of this beer? Well, it's fantastic. Well, what is it called? What? What is it? Hili? Hi. Hi. High Aai. Yeah, I mean it's spelled Jli. JAI. It looks like It says Ja la Beer. Yeah, I mean listen, but okay, the point is it's about the taste really and the taste is phenomenal. So what you're saying to me is if I'm going to get an IPAI should get this Ja halah Ha aai Ha aai bold. Okay, sounds pretty good. Citrusy beer and an IPA to boot from Cigar City Brewing. Highlight unique high naming. It was inspired. I'm starting to get it. Look it, you know the International Sport High? The international sport highlight. Alright, highlight It came to the us. Yes, it hit its us cultural peak in the mid seventies. I mean you may not be able to pronounce it, but we can promise you you can drink it. It is fantastic. Hili the best beer you probably can't pronounce to find Hili IPA near you. Visit cigar city brewing.com/beer/hi-aai. That's JAI dash a LAI Please drink Responsibly ale from Cigar City Brewing, Tampa, Florida. Hi Aai. IPA.


Now let's get into it. Ocho the lions beat the Bears 23 to 20, but that wasn't the story of the game. No. Caleb Williams had one of the great half. The second half was as good as he could possibly throw it, right. The plays that he made outside of the pocket, the way he threw the ball from the pocket and he had a couple of drops in there too. Ocho. Yeah he did. But that he was undetermined. He ran. Now it wasn't smart that you try to get slick and try to, you know, stop on the dime and cut back when you going on the bounds. Oh, outta The bounce he hit him in the knee. Gone out bounds. Yeah, Don a don't play, they're not gonna let you get away with that because they saw what Patrick Mahomes did and they saw guys fooling before, so they gonna punish you if they get there, right? So just gone out bounds.


But it was Caleb Williams got sacked Ocho. When he got sacked it was 33 seconds on the clock. They have a timeout one, it's about they got one, it's about to be third down. Take your time out now you got 33 seconds. Ocho, even if you don't get it, even if you don't, you, you still got four down. How do you go from 33 seconds and you keep your time out and you won't run Only one play with 33 seconds. Because if you complete the ball and bounds ocho right, you should be able to run your field goal unit on the field.


Right? Get your other players off the field, right? With 18 seconds. Yeah, they have. So even a play only lasts what? 5, 6, 7, 5. Yeah, let's just say for the sake of argument Ocho, we gonna say the play lasts 10 seconds, right? Caleb Williams scrambled around it took him 10 seconds. You still have 23 seconds to get your field goal unit on the field to get your other guys off the field. That's more than the enough time to get the ball snapped, get it held, get it down and get a kick up, Hon. Honestly, unc and I mean no disrespect, I'm all for people having a job. I think it's very important to have a job. But that was culture malpractice. Not only that was culture malpractice. I think he must have been betting against the odds out there and goddamn Vegas for not calling that goddamn time out.


Yo, that is a fire offense and I'm absolutely stand to stand on my soapbox and say that someone should be fired. But for them to have lost the last five, I think what, five or six games, and this is a game that you had an opportunity to think or at least tie and go into overtime and see what you could do in overtime. I can't believe, you know, coach did that, that he didn't call the time. And also on Caleb Williams, understand you have to have better clock management in your head. If your coach is not on point the way he should be and really being on top of the time and how much time you have left Caleb Williams as a player who's played at the big level out, out, out, out there at USC. You should understand how much time is on the clock and what you need to do in those situations to make sure it doesn't happen again.


So this is for one, the coach you should already know. You should already know This is coaching malpractice Ika Williams. This is a situation if it ever comes up again during your tenure in the NFL, understand clock management and how important it is to give your team a chance to either tie or win a game. That's a bunch of bullshit, man. He and Allen said something very interesting. Oh Yeah, that's a good shot. And I don't know if you, that's a good shot. He Said it was a good shot. No wait, which one Keenan Allen said as players we played well enough to win this game. Bingo. That's a good shot. Think about what he's saying. Think about the underlying tone and what he's saying. I know the underlying tone. Okay. I just look, if I'm, if I'm at every flu, if I'm evil flu ocho, I would've just took the fine and I'm not talking to the media after that, right?


Because then he gets up there and says that bull jive that we got what we wanted and I'm good with it. That's ridiculous. You sound foolish. It sounds like a man that know he made some, made a mistake and want to die on that hill. Instead of saying, God, that's on me. Why? That's on me. I shoulda have called a timeout with 33 seconds. Right? What's wrong With how you run one plate right With 33 seconds is absolutely a fireable offense. And I've never advocated for anyone to lose their job, right? Because I understand how precious jobs are, but you can't continuously make the mistakes that he's making right.


And remain in that position and then come out there and give those bull jive excuses or those bull jive answers to why it's played out. It's too many times there's a reoccurring theme that if you notice ocho Yeah, anytime they put a receiver in, it's always a new receiver in, it's always somehow the ball find him or they put a new DB in somehow the ball always goes his way. Right. You watch it in baseball. If the ball somehow always will find him basketball, a new guy comes in somehow the ball end. Damn, we ain't want the ball to end up in your hands with the last second, but damn, here we are. It keep coming down Ocho to plays like this, right?


When you have to understand the situation that your team is in, right? And you have to make split second decisions. He let his team down more times than not. Yeah, most definitely. Listen and decision makers like that is the difference between not winning, not not losing the past five games. Yes. The seconds like that. Listen, it's a game of s it's a game of interest and the coaching is one of the reasons why teams win. That's the diff What do you think the difference is in the Detroit Lions before Dan Campbell got there in the Detroit Lions while he is there? Oh, that's coaching. That's coaching, that's all it comes down to. Being able to execute the plays.


I know some of it is on the players, but also the coaching, it has to, it has to come together and work as one. But you can't be coaching like that. You know that and, and having a situation like that and, and wanna say the excuse you use and not take accountability how you think your players feel. Yeah, like just Listen to, just listen to what Keenan Allen said. Players don't normally react to a game like that and don't coach under the bus. There's a disconnect. There's a complete disconnect in the locker room. Ain't no disconnect. They don't, they've lost confidence in their head coach. Because the thing is, with situational football, you have to practice certain, certain situations.


You have to practice fourth down, you have to practice two minutes, you have to practice no huddle. You have to practice being in a certain situation. So therefore if you're in that situation, you'll know how to respond. Yeah. We practice running the field goal unit on the field. We getting off the field and it's with 18 seconds. So we practice certain situations, get out of bounds. Make sure you try to get the ball to the official. Don't a all that, don't throw the ball because a look, they're not receivers, they're old. Hand them the ball. Yeah. IIII just don't get it. And like I said, I don't, I don't, Jimmy Johnson said, and, and said in 70 years of being around coaching, he's never seen the level of dysfunction that the bears have right now.


And I can't say that I disagree with it. Listen, because it's a reoccurring. If OCHO is week after week, I can see if it's a one time thing Ocho that's an accident. Right. But this is, you know, you know what else? And on top of, and speaking on top of what Jimmy Johnson said, he says, you've never seen any kind of dysfunction. No, it's just not this year, it's just not this year. You are trying to change the culture in Chicago in general. The culture, the winning culture in Chicago has been going for a very long time. It's been going for a very long time. And being able to contend and compete year in and year out on a consistent basis, all that starts at the top and in the middle it starts for the coach and then it lingers into the players.


So, but until you get that, that that middle ground the right way, everything else is gonna falter and it starts with little shit like today, it, it, it, it might be little, you know, because it's one game, but it affects the entirety of a season because bad decisions will continue to be made. Oh, Joe I don't know what they said, but normally when we went on, we would go on the field, especially it's the last drive. We got two timeouts, we got one timeout, we got no timeout. If you can get the ball out of bounds Yeah. All things being equal, we'll take a five yard gain and get out bounds as opposed to a 10 yard gain and not get out of bounds.


That's right. So we've already, we've already gone through situations that we could potentially see in a game. Yeah. Because there's only one way to handle a situa. It is just like everything else. But yo, you practice first down. Yeah. You practice second down, you practice third down, you practice gold line in red zone. Okay? There are certain, certain situations. Now, now you can't practice everything Ocho but hopefully you played football long enough, you'll know. Yeah. With 33 seconds and you gotta a timeout after a sack, you automatically take a timeout. I don't know what was even thinking, The funny thing about is That's the first thing you do because the official was standing right there by you. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And that's The side judge. He Right. Hey, time out, time out, time out, time Out, time out.


And the the funny thing about it is, is you could have ran, you could have ran, you could have ran that play, right? Or you could have called that time out, ran, ran another play and I'm not sure what your signal was, unc, where the special team is already ready and we used to yell, fire, fire, fire, fire. Yeah. Miss hurry, hurry up. There's enough time on the clock there. Enough time on the clock. You come out and you kick the field goal and hopefully before the clock hits zero, you have them execute that field goal and tie the game and take it into overtime and then boom, now you got a fresh start and hoping you can get down there and score. That's it. Even ball game in at that point. But you don't even get to the goddamn damn chance. And, and they had the momentum.


They had played extremely well last yesterday. They had the momentum in the ball game. I thought Detroit got away from running the football. There's another ocho. At some point in time you're gonna have to stop making excuse for Jameson Williams. You gotta stop, you've gotta stop making excuses for it. Oh, the fumble. No, that's Gibb the hitting the guy in the face with the football that's standing on the sideline. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He almost cost his team. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's the kind of, see, that's the kind of the immaturity. I'm trying to figure out what could the fuck guy possibly he on the sideline, bro, why you talking? You not even in the game. Let that sink in for a second.


You not even in the game and you talking. Right. Get in the game first and then I'll address you. I ain't addressing nobody on the sideline. Right. What Made it even more egregious is that it was after the plate, so the downs already counted. So now they back you up 15 yards back. Yeah. Yeah. And then he gets to the sideline and he's arguing with Antoine Randle trying to explain what he did, bro, shut up. There's no offer with no explanation and the words of the great Billie Holidays hunch. Now don't explain what you trying to hold.


Hold on. Hey, in the great words of who, what you know by Billie Holiday. I'm trying to figure, I'm trying to figure out Ocho what's his explanation. Right? Everybody saw what you did? He said something, you turned and flip the ball in his face. You lucky he ain't running. Put his foot in your ass. Yeah. Hey, I, I got a question for you. Now that we talking the bes, now I understand what Jameson Williamson did. You know, I'm I I'm gonna talk to Young Bull. I got Young Bull, I got Young Bull on the line too, so I'm gonna talk to him, man. You know, you know you can't do that. You can't cross your team, especially as well as y'all are doing right now. But what you think about chat, y'all tell me what y'all think now, what you think about Bill Belichick to the Bears. I think wherever Bill Belichick goes, as long as they have a defense and a quarterback that you can work with, Caleb Williams is a quarterback that you can work with.


He's someone that you can win with based on his skillset and what he can do with him. Yeah. What you think about, because what I, what I'm gonna do on two, on on on Wednesday when we, when we do inside NFL, I'm gonna bring it up on the show and Bill, what do you think about your opportunity in having a coaching job in Chicago? There's a defense, a very, a very adequate defense that you can work with. One of the better corners in the league in Jalen Johnson, who's, that's my, that's my little nephew. You got a quarterback that you can develop and mold and understanding what it takes to win. I mean, who says no to that? Then you have an organization that's gonna give you the keys. They're going to give you the keys because you have an understanding of what it takes to win what it takes to build a winning team.


Here you got six, seven Super Bowls. You also, you wanna go get that, that, that, that, that coaching record from Don Shula. You wanna break that right now? Boom. You have organization that gonna get the keys and allow you to build a team you need to build to be able to contend and compete in that NFC. Why not take it? Yeah, because that, that, that division ain't coming back. That this is what, this is what even flu's when he addressed the after the game, he said, our hope was that we ReRack that play at 18 seconds, throw it in bounds, get into field goal range, and then call our final time out.


You see Ocho, he doesn't understand, he don't need to call the timeout 18 seconds. That's more than enough time. Way more to get your field goal unit on and off the field. Way more, way more. That's the, That was where we was in our, in our decision making process on that. We were outside of field goal range. No jive Sherlock and needed to get a few more yards in there as the close as we can get, we're going to call time out. That's why we held the last time. So in other words, now you go the next week you got four timeouts in the first half. Oh no, you can't use that timeout. Disappointed for our players. They put a lot of work on, in, on a short week and put themselves in position to win that game. They did.


And you denied 'em that. Hmm. You, that part you got right on a short week. Our players, we didn't play the best first half, but we played an outstanding second half and we put ourselves in position to win the game. Yeah. And my bonehead played my bone headed situational awareness. Lack the lack of Yeah. Cost it. Yeah. A game. More games are lost than one in the NFL Exhibit A. I would like to, I would like to present this, your Honor, exhibit A of how games are lost. Yeah. Man, I I I don't get it. I, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't get how he continuously finds himself.


If you notice Ocho, like I said, when you make bonehead plays, yeah. Somehow you always find yourself in that situation week after week until you correct it, until you rectify said situation. Yeah, bro. Call the timeout Ocho call the timeout. You could run your, like I said, if the, if the play only cost you eight seconds, I gave you 10 on the long end. Hopefully you, you, Caleb understands that you can't run around. But I just, I, I, I, I don't, I don't get it. And I said it in real time, I was like, what is he thinking? What the hell was he thinking? Why would you not call a timeout with 33 seconds left I don't know every, Everybody said the same thing though.


Again, culture malpractice. It make me think he had money on the game to do something like that. To not even give your team, your team a chance to win. Especially with what you've been through week in and week out with a losing the close games, the games you played. Well, I mean like, come on man, give, give yourself a chance. There, there are multiple scenarios when you're down in that situation that should already be gone and be playing in your head, not just the one you explained at the goddamn podium. There are multiple scenarios that you should play on. Okay, what do I need to do? Split decision, fast decision making. You know, if, if, if, if you don't have it, then your quarterback gotta have it, but your quarterback is supposed to be learning from you.


So if you ain't got it and you the head man, nigga how he's supposed to know it. But definitely the here nor there, Caleb will know and have a better understanding of, of time, you know, and, and how much time you have to use, you know, as he gets older and a little bit more mature in the NFL and understanding clock And explain that to 'em. Let him know, Hey, we got one time out, Caleb. So hey, if you get sacked, don't be afraid to, let's not be afraid to use that timeout. Yeah. The lions knock their first Thanksgiving win in eight years. Jared Gar grew two touchdowns to Sam La Porter Golf 21 or 34, 2 21 2 touchdown while the Detroit Go ground game led by Montgomery and Gibbs ran for 194 yards on 37 carries.


Yeah, they, I look, they got, I mean that first, that third quarter went by so quick. It was like Chicago got a possession, scored a touchdown, Detroit got a possession, scored a touchdown, and Chicago ran two more plays and the quarter was over. Yeah. So what you needed, because what Chicago, the, the, the Lions couldn't get off the field on third down, don't you? Right. They get 'em in third long. It didn't matter. Caleb Williams made some great throws, guys ran great routes. Guys got open. Yeah. And Detroit couldn't get 'em off the field on third down. And so tick, tick, tick. You keep your offense off the field. Now they get, they get out of sync.


And the next thing you know, Chicago makes this game close. Probably should have went to overtime at worst case scenario. And we see what happens in there. But Chicago, the, the, the players played well enough, but it was their coach that made a bonehead decision that, that, that cost them the game. The Volume


With Kroger brand products, you can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices. And with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pick up or in store. Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Once upon a time, Amazon Music met audiobooks and listeners everywhere rejoiced. Oh yeah. Because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles, including romantic autobiographies, true Crime, and More. Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon Music app now to start listening terms. Apply


Paramount. Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is underway with a brand new format and things are heating up match. Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes, including Doman versus Barker and NTUs versus Man City on Wednesday, December 11th can decide which match to watch. Paramount. Plus also has you covered with the GSO Show, a whip Around show with all goals from every match. Try it free today at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports.


Oh man, nothing is worse than a bad cold that knocks you down hard. That's why it's convenient to keep the new Theraflu soft chews right at your fingertips. They have the same multis symptom relief that you get from Theraflu. Not only are they packed with the power of Theraflu in every single bite, but the easy to take chewables are simpler than making soup or tea or whatever. So be prepared and grab some new Theraflu, soft fast anywhere, relief by your side. Use as directed


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit sn hsu.edu today to get started.