
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn Up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the Wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City Branch terms and more@applecard.com.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. Iheart open your free Iheart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Daniel Jones Damn what that escalated quickly. Ocho Daniel Jones officially been waved by the Giants. Sequan Barkley rooting for a fresh start for Jones Jones. Wet. Wants to go to a team, go to a playout team. Huh? Well say that again. Wait, read that for me again. Read that for me again. Real slow. Read it for me again on my pat. But what I'm, do I, what I'm gonna do, I'm gonna play, I'm gonna press rewind. Okay. And then I'm gonna hit play Daniel. Jones wants to go to a play Daniel. Jones wants to go to a playoff. Let wait, wait, wait. Let, let me, let me get this straight.


So Daniel Jones wants to go to a playoff team. He not, he, he wants to go to a playoff team where they already have a quarterback in, in place, but I'm assuming he wants to go to a playoff team so he know it feels like it's to win and maybe be the backup. Okay. I'm assuming that's that. What do you mean by saying that I'm I Don't think he means to actually start or content or compete to be the starting quarterback for a team that always has a start, a starting quarterback. Right. According to Adams, Schefter Jones is expected to have multiple options, but likely will prefer to finish this season on a playoff contending team where he would be involved in big games rather than going to a Mandarin quarterback needed team. Not remotely in playoff contention, but if they got, if they're going, if you go into a team, you're not, I mean, Yeah, I think that has to be with, huh?


There has to be theme, But he's already me to the Playoffs. Hold on this real quick. I don. I don't mean to break it down. I'm not sure how good you are Okay. With being able to name all the quarterbacks in the league. But think about all the teams that are playoff or in playoff contention or even in the hunt. Even in hunt unc. I mean, how many teams actually need the quarterback and the one that, that that, yeah. No, The playoff. That's the whole point. So I think he just wants to experience knowing what it feels like to win and to be con you know, be competing in the playoffs or being in contention in general. That has to be, he means Go to the couch. But here's my thing, Ocho, when I, when I look at it, maybe he needs to go somewhere with a different culture. 'cause a lot, because sometimes it is culture.


You get, you get caught up Ocho the way they coach and the way they do things, and maybe that's not conducive for you. You get into a new situation. They practice different, they meet different, right. The coaches coach you different. They talk to you, different I. Don't know. Look, it didn't, when I heard it, I did. I, it, it, it, I'm like, oh, you wanna go through? Right. I can see Ocho you a wide receiver, you a running back, you are a defensive player. Okay, I get that. 'cause there's an opportunity, but there's only one because all the other positions, right. You can have multiple positions Right. On the, at the same time on the field. Right. That's, but when you're a quarterback, you can only have one. So, and I'm looking, I'm like, well, so I going to a team that's in playoff consideration of contention.


Right. What are you going to do? Oh my goodness. I mean, it, it, it has to make sense. The only thing that makes sense is based on what he's saying, he wants to be somewhere where maybe he's not going to be the starter. We know he is not gonna be a starter. But I wanna be somewhere where I can be on a team where I can be a backup if need be, I can help. But I would like to know what it feels like to be contending or be challenging for a playoff spot with that team. That, that, that, that. Hello. That got to be it obviously. Yeah. So you that That good one. That was good one though. That was good. That Was a real good one.


Elijah Martin said one question, if the all time Broncos played the all time Big and one in the who wins? Shit, will the dog, we stop. Boy. We'll stop ahold ocho Deba. Stop. Hold on. Who, who Y'all got gonna stop me Ocho nobody Ocho. Y'all got Who y'all gonna stop. Who y'all Got gonna stop Ocho? Y'all got one hall of Fame player? You got two? Who me? Y'all got one Hall of Fame player Munoz. We think we got two. I don't need them. People validation. I got, I You Got 100? No. No. So I guess you, I guess you a hundred millionaire. You a billionaire too? No, I got, I got, I got, I got about nine probably about 82 million.


Hey, all I'm saying is, is that we would beat the brakes off y'all. If you take y'all best off. Nothing. You take y'all best seven chat. Open the chat up. Who y'all think winning The chat? Don't know. They weren't even, We gonna take the Bronco's best. 11 players offensively their best 11 defensive players. And we gonna take the Bengals Best 11 Offense O Joe. We going beat the dog boy. We gonna Molly, WP y'all, I asked you one simple question. Who the hell finna stop me O Joe. Y'all ain't gonna get the ball lock up. We gonna hit y'all in the back of your damn head. How you going? All I need is two seconds. Ain't nobody getting back there. Be before two seconds.


Oh Lord have Mercy Ocho. But if y'all was that good, why y'all didn't win more games? Why y'all didn't want no Super Bowls? I ain't got nothing to do with that. It's a team game. I'm talking about me. I'm talking, talking about Me. It's About me. Who gonna stop me is what I asked you. Somebody stopped your ass in Cincinnati. Y'all didn't win no playoff games. So somebody stopped you. It's a team game. Somebody stopped you. It's a team game with your level against our level. It's a team game. No, no, no. Somebody stopped you See you trying to change the goddamn topic. I asked you a specific question on who the hell finna stop me. Somebody stopped you. So who stopped you when you played with the Bingos? Nobody.


How many play out games did you win? Huh? How many Playout games did you win? I? Don't know. It's a team game. I'm still talking. Thank you. It's a team game. I be, our team is Yards. Why you not, why are you trying not to? You not listening to the goddamn question. I said you, you is singular. I didn't say nothing about us. Okay. You gonna have 500 yards and y'all still getting the hell kicked out you now. How about that? Hey, who's gonna stop me? Hey, who, who Gonna stop? Shannon? Oh, I can, you want me to tell you who gonna stop you? What I can tell you gonna stop you? Oh, by the time we get Miller, we get D Ware, we get Steve Atwater, we got Champ Bailey.


Y'all not moving the football. Who blocking Bond? Hey, everybody just named scared of me. Who Blocking Bond? Everybody just named Big Wi. I wanna know who blocked Bond. Miller. Anthony Munoz. Anthony Munoz. Big Willie. Now what Now now what? Babe, we going by y'all, boy, we gonna beat the brakes off y'all man. I run, I a ran and white ass over. Man. What you talking about man? Hey, you know what I'm gonna say? A don't hit him too hard at Don't hit him too hard. He don't look. Hey, listen, you know, I don't care about getting hit either. Hey, me and Champ, me and Champ had some good battles, boy, but we had some good battle. That's my boy there. I Loyal, Lisa Boy.


We gonna kill boy. We gonna kill y'all. Ocho. Listen. I mean, I know, I know. It's a hypothetical, but it ain't sweet as you think it is. Oh, it's Sweeter. I know, I know. It's a hypothetical. Oh, we champ. It ain't, we got, We got a key to leave. We got Chris Harris Jr. Man. We got, we got Dennis Smith, we got John Lynch, we got Brian Donkeys. Oh, Lord have mercy. Everything you, everything you just named. I'm running through with a smile on my face. Yeah. This man gonna say, who gonna, he said it's a team game. I just said, our team gonna beat yours. Then he gonna talk about who stopping him. I thought it was a team game.


Nobody, I just, I just, I listen, the team ain't here right now for, have You ever, have you ever had a hundred yard receiving game in the playoffs? Me, me? You talking to me? The conversation with the Bengal, the all time great. Bengal, hold on. Are you sure? Because that might chase and, and, and, and downtown and, and, and downtown Eddie Brown and Ivan Curtis. You might not even be on the roster. Why you bumping your guns? You crazy. You, you better look at the motherfucking receiving lead in every goddamn damn statistical category for the Bengals. You must, you done bumped your head. Who you talking To me? Why you over there talking? You talking, you fighting up Chase in Downtown Brown.


Hey, hey. Now, now, now don't, don't, don't get too crazy like you got Covid over there like forgot. Hey, hey, you better pull up. I'm put to leave on you and snatch your, and snatch your goal Inside. Hey, you know what? You, you know what? I, I put him on me And snatch your goal. Better take your chain. Hey, he, he Muslim. He mu I bet he take your chain. Hey, I bet be eating pork when I'm done with him. I Bet he take your chain. I be be eating pork when I'm done with him. I worry about hey to leave. Leave. Yeah. Hell at. You got the right one. You See what he need? The crab. Hey, Put him over there by himself. We gonna win the game a whole lot to a few. I promise you. No you ain't. He trust me. You ain't because now I'm gonna talk your whole defense out that game.


Before the game even start Daniel, Jones seemed to say goodbye Ocho to the Giants and their fans in today's statement to the media. And according to Jordan Schultz, there is disappointment among some giant players regarding how Daniel Jones situation was handled over the past week. Especially with players of where it's primarily a financial decision by the organization. Dex de Lawrence publicly stated on Tuesday, he's quarterback one to me. to me, he's the best quarterback on the team. One offensive player told Sholtz over the phone, we're not idiots. They did this because of money. So be it. But Daniel Jones has been all class, never complained and is not being completely disregarded. The team record is bad. You can point fingers everywhere.


Try to blame him is trash and making him third string is weakest. F the says versus the organiz within the organization go far beyond just one person. I, I love, I love what bla is saying this saying all the right things, obviously. 'cause they're on the Yeah, yeah. But your team for anybody if, if they don't know, even though you are playing the game of football, you're only good as your quarterback. You are only as good as the person who's at the ham young can in control of the offense, being able to make the right, the mic, the right and the wrong decisions. I mean, that's just what it is. You know, I I I respect Dexter Lawrence and, and, and Woody's having to say in some other play, other players being upset. But how can you be upset? Have you watched Daniel Jones play the past three years?


Oh, y'all got so much to say now. Ojo, why ain't y'all play better now? Everybody Got fight face All that talking. You're talking your ass off now, right? What about play your ass off Daniel, Jones, you play better. Everybody that gotta comment, play better and listen, what Would've ass off though? So we really can't, we really can't say nothing about him. He, he's, he's one of the best in the league, but they have to understand the business. They have to understand the nature of the business, especially when it comes to the money aspect of why they're, why they're benching him and making him third stream quarterback. So because of that injury clause, if he happens to get hurt, because which which, which he probably would do if they do allow him to stay in there, you know, some type of injury will pop up outta nowhere for that 2 million.


Yeah. Yeah. 23 million. Yeah. But here, but here's the thing, aren't you, so y'all make it seem missing about just yeah, this year. What about last year? How was he last year? Okay, he got hurt. But look at his body of work. His body of work doesn't justify 40 million. And it definitely doesn't justify running the wrist. Right? It wasn't like y'all going anywhere anyway, y'all make it seem like they bitch a man like they did Russell Wilson last year. Y'all trash, okay? Trash is a very harsh word. Y'all sanitation. Damn Y'all a landfill. So where you going on church? They make it seem like they had a chance for the playoffs. If they have left Daniel Jones in there, Daniel Jones, all Daniel Jones gonna do is look worse and worse and worse.


Fans are gonna have, the fans probably already stopped showing up. But what am I getting out of this? Daniel Jones is not going to be in the yeah. In New York next year. So what am I getting out of that? I'm not winning. He's not gonna be there. So what do I get by leaving his ass in the game? Yeah. And continues to start. Go Joe, I got a question though. I'm com I'm confused. Anytime that players get benched, is it normal for quarterbacks to apologize? No. What apologize for you could play About him. I I don Dunno if I've quite seen that. I quite seen that before. Is it? Or is it because it's in New York? So it's a little different. You know, I, I respect what he had to say. I respect what he had to say as far as, you know, being grateful for the opportunity.


But like, come on man, Bro, I these guys mean, come on man. This is, look, this is pro sports and when there's only two things you can get is it wins and losses. That's it. That's how you're judged. He's lost more than he's won. Okay? They say, well, it's not only the quarterback. Well, who's the mo fo gets the credit when they win? They ain't mention no offensive lineman. They're not mentioning Dexter Lawrence. They're not mentioning linebackers who they mention. So the problem that I got is that, well, when they, a lot of times people are like, well, it's a team game, but y'all blame the quarterback when you like, here's the thing.


When you like somebody, yeah, it's a team game. When you don't, it's not. Yeah. It's really that simple. You and I played this game long enough to understand how the dynamic of it work. I don't care how the, in today's game, you can't put a team a great enough team around. Yeah. If your quarterback stinks back, you could, before they changed all these rules, you could run the football, you could play outstanding defense. You can't, you could hide your quarterback. You could no longer hide him. He's the only position that you cannot hide anymore. Because if you got a weak corner ocho, I'll play cover too. I roll coverage is weight, right? I can help you.


If I got a weak offensive line, I can just slide protection or I can tell the back chip your way out. If I got a terrible quarterback, what the hell am I gonna do? Hand up ball off 65 times. Not in this game. Not in this past, or you can't, Not today's game. No, absolutely not. You gonna get exposed. And the thing that I love most about sport, but love, especially NFL, you gotta update your resume, which people don't give a damn what you've done in the past. What they gotta do with right now, don't, yo, he's a superb bowl champ and yeah, he won the MVP and what he doing right now. Those trophies are on his mantle.


Yeah, those awards are on his mantle. Those accolades is on his resume. But what does that gotta do with right now, what Nightcap did in 2023 at all ain't got itch to do with 24 and 24 Ain't gonna have itch to do with 25. We've got to keep getting better and we gonna keep the hammer down, getting better, better graphics, better editing, better social. We gonna get better at everything. That's what we do. And, and if we don't, I'm gonna need to know why we're not getting better. And I don't like to ask questions. I really Don't. Yeah, we ain't asking shit.


Nah. Hey, I, I'm not a guy that let that ask questions because what I, by the time I come to you to ask the question Yeah. Already know answer.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life, the referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Oh, Joe, We had this conversation, well, let me go every the Jetson certified disaster and they got messier today. The day began with the team fire general manager Joe Douglas, ah, which was not exactly surprised. Douglas was 30 and 64 during the Jets tenure and never sniff the playoffs. The juicy of all was Woody Johnson wanted to bench Aaron Rogers just four weeks into the season in in favor of Tyro Taylor. The coaches present in the meeting was stunned according to our report. And rightfully so. Johnson backed off but fired. Robert Sola a week later fired Robert. So demoted Nathaniel Hackey right now. I asked you who was next.


See Green Bay got smart grievance, said hell y'all, if you up to get me up outta here, man. Lalo and, and, and, and, and Brian Ants and Mark. Perfect. No, Rudy Johnson won to bench. Aaron Rod at week four for Tyr Taylor. Right? So the elephant in the room who always been the problem. So you're doing all this firing where you're not getting, putting the right person into place that needs to be Well how you going? You gonna bench? Hey, I ain't never seen nobody bench a quarterback that make that kind of money either. He would've. Yeah. So to Woody Johnson, he Would've so not Joe Douglas gone. So, But you meant Woody. You do realize they use your jet to go find, to see Aaron Rogers, you do realize you signed off on all this.


So where's your coach? Any of this. But also they, they're expecting to get the Aaron Rogers of Bowl. They're expecting to get the Aaron Rogers. They got a old Aaron Rogers, bro, everybody ain't gonna be So you thought they was gonna turn right around after pay, right after Tom Brady did what he did. You thought so soon right after that, another guy was gonna do that. What allowed Brady to play as long as he did and as well as he, he had no major injury after he suffered that ACL injury. That was in 2008. So up until that he had no injuries. He had no hamstring. He had no injury. Yeah. That really caused him to miss time.


Aaron Rogers was coming off one of the most serious injury. A a player in the sports can suffer, right? The Achilles injury. Plus he's 40. You Know, I don't, I don't I don't think he takes the game as serious as Tom as well. Yeah. He done take the game as six, of course Not Two, two different. He never has two totally different type of quarterbacks, especially when it comes to their approach to the game and the serious, you know, and, and the seriousness of it and the way they take it. So I could, I could understand if you're coming back off, if you're coming off an injury like that and you already don't take it serious, you do what you need to do to get back. It's in good, gracious and health to play. But your approach is still wrong because everything you do talk about when you are on tv, it has nothing to do with the game of football.


Nothing. Oh, you rather, you probably feel out Than before. I just don't understand. Every time he speaks, it never has anything to do with damn football. Lord. Some shit I gotta look up in the goddamn dictionary on a goddamn computer. You talking about going into the dark and he's talking about these trips and he is talking about this and talking about that. Nothing about building team camaraderie. Building team chemistry Is, And when he could have been built, he could have been doing that. He was in Egypt talking about a trip. Everybody know. Well that mandatory mini camp, you don't plan nothing around that OCHO because that's the one that you got to be at. Oh, lemme, everybody that understands what the word mandatory means has to be there.


But what he failed to realize, what he did in Green Bay ain't got nothing to do. They will see what you gonna do for the Jets. You heard tar? I said it when I went to Baltimore. Them pro bowls, those all pros, those super Bowls that ain't got, I've done nothing in Baltimore. I've got to come in, work my ass off to let them see how I became the player I became while I was there. Peyton said it, Tom so eloquently laid it out. He like, what are the, what I accomplished in New England? Gotta do with Tampa. Tampa Getting Tom getting his teammates, Hey, let's go to the park. Hey, it's in Covid. We ain't supposed to be in the park. He Throwing that To throw ass That hey, that shit was funny.


Payton getting his guys together. He getting, he grabbed up Julius and Decker and, and and, and, and, and Julius Thomas and no, Sean. Hey, let's go throw guys. I think Stokely was there at the time. Or weer, let's go. Hey, let's go throw, let's, let's, let's build up some chemistry. Let's build up a bond. Let's get to know, let me me, let me tell you where I wanna throw the foot. You tell me where you want the ball and let me tell you what I'm looking for on this route. Nah, let me go ahead to eat Egypt. I've already got this trip planned. A so it is what it is. And he want to, if, if I'm the Jets, I need somebody to explain to me, why would I want air Rob this Nick.


Nick here. Yes. O If, if Aaron s is not done, if he's not done, he signed, he signed, he signed two. You didn't he all. Oh, he has another. He has another. I'm sure he does, Right? But for what, why do I want, tell me, tell me why do I want him Mocha? What am I getting at a 41-year-old that's a year older than what he is now? So what he gonna gain Speed. He's gonna get faster. You know what a a better question is? If if you don't want a next year, what's your next option?


What's your next viable viable option where you can compete and you can, you can, you can contend, Can compete with Aaron Rogers. You telling me what I can't do without him? What can I do with him? The three and eight. So tell me, what can I do with it's, I can be three and eight without him. Yeah. And save 50 million. Hell you in last place in the division. If you finish last place in the division with him. I can't finish in last place in the division without him. But hey, you, you, you understand and you know how difficult that position is, how difficult it is to find a quarterback for that position. You, you, you know that it takes a while.


Years. Yes. Have they found one? They got one in the position a long, that was last. That position about that. That's, that's, that's even best even better question. He's been there two years. He, yeah, we going, we gonna disregard that. No. Do they got a quarterback right now? They they Thought, they thought they had Take, take Rogers off the back. Take Rogers off the back of the jersey. No. You bringing that guy back next year And if he, if he, if he does get the grace to come back next year, it's because of what he done in the past. If he does get the grace to come back that serious, it is based off what he's done in the past. Oh, he, oh, he going, he's gonna get some grace course. Absolutely.


Based on that alone. Michael Parsons apologizing for Mike McCarthy. Comment when I'm talk what I'm talking about here. I'm thinking about the Dallas Cowboy. I have no reference. I was in the middle school elementary school when Mike McCarthy was a packer. See what I'm saying? Not a student of the game. Most players are historians of the game. The really good ones ask TJ Watt about the defensive player. Ask TJ Watt about the history of the game. Ask moving forward. I was, Mike McCarthy was with the Packers. I have no reference to that. Wow. I wouldn't even said that. Yeah. So you remember we talked about Anthony Richardson, right? And how he should have said certain things. See, if you keep your mouth closed, people won't know what you don't know. But when you open your mouth, you remove all doubt.


I have no reference. So obviously no disrespect to his career and what made, what he made for himself is one of the mo winning his coaches. I, I could have done better, but I thought you didn't say anything. Who apologizes for nothing For no choke Back. That what you, There's a backlash on what he said, the context of what you said the way in the way And back. But if you Right, okay. If you right, I'm standing on it and you standing on it too. You ain't apologizing with Ocho, right? Hell, you don't wanna apologize when you wrong. So I don damn with gd. Well you ain't apologizing when you're right. But anyway, let me continue this long. You like, I think people would take that outta context. Okay? They took it how you said it. I wanted to hurry, I wanted to hurry up out of the locker room next time.


I'll be very careful about the what I say. So that's my apologies. What'd you think by that? You should have kept his mouth closed. Huh? We'd have never knew what he didn't know. You don't know what you don't know. And people don't know what you don't know until you open your mouth and then you remove all doubt whether or not they know what you know. That's the part you see. I was heard outta the locker room. Two things that can never be taken back. Word spoken deeds done.


Be careful what you say. Be careful how you treat people. I'm done. At some point in time, Ocho, we gotta stop using excuses. Oh, he young. He young. He ain't no better. 25 is young. He ain't too young to cash that check. Hey, you know what I think Mo most of the time also as well, I mean the players, especially those that have podcasts, those that, that like to talk, especially to the media obviously being a part of the Cowboys, you know, anything you say, anything you say is, is magnified because of the star on your helmet. You gotta look, you gotta be a little more, a little bit more careful, a little, a little bit more media savvy.


Everybody's not media savvy. Understanding what you gotta say. Why you got hell you got a podcast then if you're not media savvy, you are in the media. You are held to the same standard. You fake reckless, you become reckless. Yeah, but that's what I'm saying. What if a me what if a media ma what if a media member said, I, I don't know who that player was. You would eat his ass up. It's your job to know. It's embarrassing. These kids, the DD young men, they're not kids.


These grown ass men, their, their kids masquerading as grown men and it's embarrassing. They don't realize how embarrassing it is. Yeah, I just, I just wish, God, I wish, I just wish these players today, some of them, not all, there's no such thing as all, there's no such thing as every, but a lot of these players, they fooling, they fooling the fans because we get up here and they talk about what they wanna do and I just wanna win. You wanna win, but you wanna get your numbers. You wanna win, but you want to get your stats. Sometimes winning requires you not to do that and it's okay. 'cause at the end of the day, yeah, who doesn't?


Ocho IW but we won. How do I go in good conscience and complain about not getting targets and catches and we won the game. So is it about my numbers or is it about wins? I just know what it takes to win without a best player. Am I the best player? Right? I just know what it takes to win and everything that I told you, everything that I've said, y'all come back. Oh, oh, you don't know. But that Jordan and B situation, I told y'all a lot of stuff told y'all about AB y'all. Oh no, no. Let that man free. Not look at you.


Why ain't nobody offer a man? Ain't no job y'all, y'all was gassing them up. Y'all put a battery in this back Dura sale. Nah, it was, it was a rechargeable battery and y'all kept it plugged up. All I wanna do, I'm not entering anything right Ocho, that I can't win at. That's why I don't do a whole lot. I'm gonna be great at what I do. I don't wanna be good at a whole lot of ish. I wanna be great at a few things. That's it. Some people are born great, some people have greatness thrust upon them.


It doesn't matter what, what you fall under, what do with the greatness. Theodore Roosevelt. It's embarrassing Cowboy. Y'all are just bam. Hopefully we'll be done with that.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Paige's owner Robert Kraft, was passed over again for the pro Football Hall of Fame for the 13th consecutive year. Robert Caff bid to become a pro football hall of Famer remains on ice. The committee overseeing hall's contributor category bypass craft in favor of Ralph Hay who helped set up the original meeting for the league to become the NFL craft. Supporters would note that since Jerry Jones, who has overseen three Super Bowl teams is in the hall of Fame craft should be considering he's won twice as many while also serving on one of the game's most influential figures. Hey, Who, who would you know? This is a, it is a, I didn't even know.


Oh, Jordan, you know I am, I'm a historian. I didn't even know who rap was. Who did Mr. Robert Kraft piss off? You know this, this is deeper than what we, what we think it is. Obviously for him not, Huh? Because they been lying. Lemme tell you what's happened. Lemme tell you what's happened when everybody, when all these reporters that Spygate wasn't that big of a deal. It was a bigger deal than what they previously said because I believe they hold this man culpable for some of the things because if he didn't know, he should've known. And this happened under his ownership. You can think of That's the only way, that's the only thing I, because have you ever, I I don't know if how much he's been around him.


Yeah, but I've been around him. He's an unbelievable Yeah, he was unbelievable. He's one of the nicest men I've ever met. He's cordial. He's always asking, how you doing? How you feel. He honest, he's like, I appreciate, I can tell he hey, he, hey, I can tell you do a lot of work, lot of work. And I said some things about his team, about some of the players and some of the things on his team. He shook my hand. He said, I'll see you round. And he turned and he turned around and he went, I don't get it. 'cause like I said, Ocho, I've been stopped thinking I knew what a hall of Fame was, what I saw some guys right, that didn't get in on the first ballot.


I said I don't know what the Hall of Fame, You know, you know how that voting goes. You understand the politics that go, that that goes into it and that that's behind it. Especially with those that are doing the voting that are in positions of power and are allowed to control the narrative on who's allowed to get in and who's not. But especially when it comes to an owner like Robert Kraft, what he was able to do since he's became owner of the New England Patriots and, and winning the Super Bowls that he was able to win with Bill Belichick and Tom Brady. The fact that he hasn't been led in yet. I think it's bigger than Spygate. It's bigger than whatever issues they've had. It's something that we probably don't know about. And it's almost as if it's personal. Personal no, to this point. Yeah. It has to be because I don't I don't know. I don't know what other reasons.


Yeah, but Man's not in ocho. They've won six, they lost two, they've been to 10 NFC championship games. Matter of fact They've been more, probably been more, hold on. Have they been, let's see, they lost to the Broncos twice. They lost to the Ravens and they lost to the colds. So they've been to four thought It is. Yeah, there's a 10. Is the new Patriots make it look so easy? They think people, it, it makes people believe it's easy to do. They could typically one over and over. Yeah. And over, over and over, over, over and over every year that people or the casual fan think it's easy to do.


And you wonder why teams continue to continue to struggle reaching that type of consistency year in year out. It's very, very difficult. It's hard. It's hard to win a, it is hard to win a game. You Gonna see this again, Let alone continuously Go back to the Super Bowl year in and year out And let the man, the man's 83, what the hell y'all waiting on? Y'all gonna wait the man and then have his son Jonathan and whomever else out there on the field, let that man enjoy this effing moment. They should have done put Artell in the only time in NFL history.


They made the man leave the colors and the records. They didn't do that to Bud Adams. They didn't do that to Al Davis. Al went up and down the coasts, Oakland, LA back to Oakland, LA back to Oakland. The bagels. They still, and they didn't leave. Not one color. They didn't leave. Not one record. The Rams St. Louis, Bud Adams left, left Houston, Mr. Adams left Houston went to N went to, went to Memphis and N whatever, kept the records. The Colts left Baltimore in 84. Like a thief in the night and did not tell the NFL. Yeah with the Mayflower vans.


Go look it up. Ain't leave nothing. They made art, leave the colors And the records and he was on the TV committee Monday night Football, a lot of things. The the Players Association. Come on. What are we doing here? Owners, why? I'm trying to figure out why, why, why, why, why The reporters are so hell Ben, what did y'all lose? He left for the same reason all the other owners leave money. He asked them to help him upgrade the stadium he leaves.


And guess what they did? They built us a bigger stadium with nicer Amen on Fett Lake Erie while municipal stadium And. if you're from Cleveland, you know it was a dump tortoise overflowing. It was a dump. But y'all want this man to go bankrupt. Build a nice stadium on that Lake Erie. Y'all wouldn't get a man or die. Yeah, now he's gone. Now wife's gone. One of his sons David, his oldest Don gone Personal. What are we doing?


Personal, Let Mr. Crack The man. 83. Y'all want the man to grovel. He's been one of the greatest ambassadors that you could ask for as an owner. One of the best. And he does everything for the betterment of the league. I can't say all of the owners have been like that. We won't get into who hasn't been for the betterment of the league. But I think y'all guards know. Mr. Kraft has always done everything. What is in the best interest of the league?


The NFL issued a security alert this week about organizing skilled criminals who are targeting pro athletes, including the recent burglaries of Patrick Mahomes. And Travis Kelsey believed to be tied to South American crime syndicate. Yes. They got your boy FBI's investigating a crime wave is international organized crime is legit. One source familiar to the situation. Told Tom ero it's trans, it's a transnational crime ring over the last three weeks. Nah, hell nah. Last three years they focused on NBA and NFL players. It's all over. Hold On, hold on, hold on, hold on. You Ain't lying. I, I need, we not talking about home invasions.


I mean how, how, how are they doing this as far as the crime ring? What, what, what's going on? There's a South America, there's gangs. They come up, they target athletes because what does athletes have money. They have jewelry, they have valuables. Stuff that I can get in. I can fence get off of pennies on the dollar. Anytime I take something that I didn't pay for, I don't give a damn I don here for 15 bucks. That's 15 more bucks than I paid for. So that's money in my pocket. You're still at high-End watches. Hey, mine got hit for a meal. Took all, every last watch I had and they took, what else they took? They took my Christopher backpack. All my cuff leaks, all my eyeglasses.


But this, this ain't even, this ain't even hit the news. I ain't know none of this shit happened. Yeah, they hit, I think they got, they got Draymond, they got a couple of NBA players. I mean couple years. Past couple years. Yeah. Knowing where players Yeah, when they're not home. Yep. So somebody say players need to see booby trap. Nah, you can't booby trap your eyes. They send you as dread. How you gonna go to jail for boob trap your own house to catch a thief going in. Do it. If find out that's booby trap. Yeah. They they got wifi dramas and everything.


They, Hey I you, they good. Hey These, they got your normal criminals. These are, these are, Nah, no, no, no. They good. They in and out. They know alarms. Hey, they going hit it. They going to, they gonna get whatever they get in about 20 seconds. That's Scary though, huh? Yeah, when I mean there's, there's really nothing to do. Especially, and then you thinking about family, people that have family and kids, you know, your wife, your kids there. Especially when you're outta town and that, that, that gets scary. Yeah guys, protect yourself.


Protect yourself. Make sure you set your alarm. Make Sure you hands That's a good idea. Now that I'm thinking about it. You going to jail ocho booby traps are illegal. They will put you in jail. Even if you catch somebody that's stealing your stuff, you're going to jail. I'm telling you. I ain't telling you something. Somebody told me. I'm telling you what I know there's documented cases but he was stealing but he was doing that. Yeah, but you can't do that Ah, so much for the justice system. Woo. Yeah. You know, you gotta have, you know, 24 hour security.


It's, it's unfortunate that you have to have that. But you know, high end, I end people got it. You know, and it's unfortunate. The Volume


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The Best Club soccer tournament is underway and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. There are some massive games coming up, including Byron versus PSG on Tuesday, November 26th, followed by what is likely to be the biggest matchup of this stage. Liverpool versus Real Madrid on Wednesday, November 27th. Stream every match. Live on Paramount Plus, the home of the UA four Champions League. You can try it free today at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite Moneyball the Blind Side in Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. Iheart open your free Iheart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.