
Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything, even the sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown Deep Fit. Will the owner of a red sedan please visit guest services? Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a prop. With Chase Freedom Unlimited Chase make more of what choice Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank, and a member FDIC.


Coming soon to Prime Video, you can call me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson, we have to Catch this serial killer. I don't Kill for afoot and created by Ben Watkins. Ms. Kim thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. Aldi Hodge is DC's funnest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never Have another chance. The clock's ticking. You think you can stop him? I know I can't. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video November 14th.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch to T-Mobile. Keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlocked device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption. Required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cashback earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options. This card issued by the the Bank Corp. And a person went to license by MasterCard International Inc.


The Volume, the Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in-season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New drafting customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction boy in Ontario one no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Newest member into the Cincinnati Bengals Ring of Honor. Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Yes. You got, you got the sunglasses on so I know it was a river. I know you cried me. A river O Justin Timberlake. I didn't cry ball red Justin Timberlake. I Didn't. I trust me. I didn't cry, but I'm feeling good. Listen, I'm, I'm happy. Lemme see ya. Lemme see ya right quick. Oh yeah, you cry. You cry. You cried in the car. Nah, I bet you cried in the car. You cried in the car. Walked I, I walked to the stadium. I walked to the stadium and I walked back here because I wanted to be, I wanted to be amongst the people. I wanted to be amongst People. You be people. Yeah. I wanted to be amongst the people and, and I wanted to feel the, that the love that I have missed for over a decade and some change.


And, and that's exactly what it was. I had my kids walk with me had I had the Mrs walking with me, I had to came out to support me, man. I Saw it. Yeah. Yeah. Really, man, listen, I, that felt good, man. That felt good to have my family with me. And then my extended family, my extended family of 80,000 out there screaming that name, hearing that Ocho just the same way you explained it yesterday. You, you go into the Ring of Honor with a former Yes. A colleague of mine. Boomer Assassin. So tell me, what, what was that moment like? You walking down as, as the half is, is about to end you and your family and your ex you know, family and friends. You start to walk down and now all of a sudden you're on the field and you, you start to get a little que like, oh man, this thing ain't about to happen.


Yeah. Yeah. You know what I kept thinking about happy thoughts and what I tried not to do. I tried not to go back to everything it took to get to this point. Because if I thought about everything it took to get to this point as far as making it to and getting that phone call from Mike Brown and then all the ups and downs throughout my career, then the tears would've started flowing. I, I, I thought happy thoughts. I kept looking at my kids. I kept looking at the crowd, the focus and keep my, keep myself locked in so I don't cry. But that moment I took it all in. I enjoyed it. You only get one of them. You only get one of them. You only get one of them. And man, I'm, I'm going, I'm gonna savor that moment, man.


Forever. You, I'm surprised. I also, knowing how close you were to your mom and grandmother and how special it would've been had they been there, your mind just for a second didn't go there and say, damn, I, I I wish granny, I wish mama, I purposely stayed away from that. Okay. I'm just telling you, I wa I was, I was able to com compartmentalize, mama. Everything else that was bad. The journey to get to this point. Happy thoughts. Stare in the crowd, make eye contact one person, one one person in the crowd and stay on that. You know, IIII didn't wanna do it. I didn't, I didn't wanna break down in that moment, even though there would've been tears of joy. Right. It would've been tears of sadness because I'm thinking about my mama not here.


I'm thinking about my grandma not here right now. What's gonna happen behind closed doors when I get back to Miami tomorrow, guess what? I'm going with my ring on jacket. I'm going to the graveyard. They buried, they buried, they buried right next to each other. So I'm finna have that moment with them. Let them see, let 'em see their baby. Hold up, hold up. Well, you almost caught me. Hold on, hold on, hold on, Hold on, hold on. You'll let 'em see their baby and say, Hey mama, granny, I did it. Yeah. Let me get back. Right. Lemme get back. Right, because I you almost got me. You, you almost got me. Lemme stop talking about that. But yeah, I'm, I'ma have that moment with them tomorrow. I'm have that moment with them tomorrow, man. And they deserve it. So I'ma since they couldn't be here, I'm gonna go ahead and and and bring it to him. You going to them? I got it. Oh, Joe, congratulations. I know this night was very, very special for you and your family and friends.


Yeah. To go, to go into a team's ring of honor. It goes to show this, that that doesn't go un ou unbeknownst because a lot of people said, you know what we think his play on the field and his behavior off the field is worthy of him representing the Cincinnati Bengals for perpetuity. Mm. I like that. I like that. I like that. You know what, I'm gonna get one of them gold ones too. I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get one of 'em gold ones too. And if I don't get one, I'm gonna What century?


No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go make a gold one. I'm gonna make me one. Oh, I'm gonna go make my own. I I'm make my own bus too. I'm gonna make my own bus because I know where they get. I know where they, I know where they get 'em done at. Huh. And I'm, it's gonna be one, it's gonna be 1 0 1. You hear me? It's gonna be 1 0 1, you know, That's you one, one. Listen. Yeah. Well, yeah. 1 0 1. 1 0 1. Make my own. Wait. Make, make make my own hall of Fame Jack. You know what? Hey Ocho. Hey, she back here asleep, man. Who is that? You, you say you wanted a bus that, that's you, you say you wanted a bus? Yeah. You see the part, right? I, Who was that? You see the you's See that part? That's you see that part?


Okay. I like that. I like that. I'm gonna, I'm gonna get me one, I'm gonna get me a bus made and mine, mine gonna be 14. Kara Gold 1 0 1. Oh you, oh, you gonna spend that kind of money? Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Because they, they, they ain't gonna spend it on me. I got, I got I gotta do for me. Ain't that what you told me? Ain't that what you just told me? I did. I'm make my own Fu Yeah, I'm make my own hall. I make my own hall of Fame jacket. Make my own jacket. Yeah. What's some, what some, yeah. I'm gonna put the 14 Cara Gold glitter on my jacket. If, if I, you know what you know now and I can transport you back to your rookie season.


Yes sir. What type of numbers do you believe Ocho could put up To my rookie C in today's game? I'm going to, you know what you know now, right? But I'm gonna transport you back to your rookie season with the knowledge that you have now Of the game, right? Yes. I think cons consistently probably 1400. Consistently. Consistently. Then there. Did you say 1600 consistently? 1400 consistently. 14. 14, 14. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I mean that, especially during that time in that era dealing with that Ravens defense and dealing with that, that Pittsburgh defense, you know, the numbers get a little low when you play against them, but as far as everyone else, no, I'm, I'm just being honest, nigga, them boys ain't played.


Oh yeah. Just being honest. But outside of the division, it's, oh, I'm, I'm going crazy. But, you know, those divisional games are always close and they really minimize, minimize my production very, very well, right? Yeah. Well, especially with what I know now. I, I wish, I wish, I wish it was reversed. Who's the better route runner, Ocho or ab? Oh, oh, that's a good one. That's a good one. Oh, that a good one. Yeah. Now you over bump, you know, bump, You know, you know what the funny thing about it? It is, people, people, people won't even know me and AB trained together for the past. What? They ain't ask you that For 13, 14 years. They ain't ask you that. They ask you a simple question. Who's the better route runner?


They ain't asking you who you train with Now give the people an answer. It depends. It depends. I'm the greatest route Of all time. Depends on what, who I'm the, I'm the greatest route runner of all time. Of all that time. Say that I'm the Great, let me stop, let me, let me talk, let me say something. I'm the greatest route runner of all time. There's one receiver. Listen to me. Y stay with me baby. There's one receiver. And you can, you can, and NFL he NFL films has all the footage that can come to the line of scrimmage and before the snap of the ball tell the db my route and still get open. There's only one person that's ever done that. Let me, let me finish. There's one receiver that before the season started, he has a, he had a list of every db. Every DB in his locker. It was checking him off week to week.


There's only one. Don't check what nobody else did. I, no, I'm talking about Earl, I'm talking about earlier in my career. I can ask you no question. I'm talking about earlier in my Said, stay with mojo. Stay with me now stay with me. I'm trying to keep up with you. Now the Funny thing about it, that's that's, that's one man. And not only that in it ain't really bad to lose to that one man. 'cause that one man is one of the greatest to ever play a game. So argenx, he got You on Joe. Oh, Joe. But just what that was saying, what that would've said about you if you'd have did a number on it, Huh? Huh me? You heard exactly what I said. Yeah, I, I, you know, I would've said, I, I would've said I got lucky 'cause that motherfucker was good. Boy, that nigga Revis had the motherfucking patience of Sally Mae because you know, ain't nobody paying that money no time soon. But at that line of scrimmage, boy, that nigga Was he back in that first move?


Ocho don't embellish. Did Toby Wewe, is that the guy that wrote? No, Toby. Toby Toby. Wi Way. Toby Wi Way Wewe. Okay. Yeah. Did he write all the lyrics or did you have some input speaking about excessive celebration with, to Toby. Toby, you didn't do nothing? No. Toby Nah, I, nah, he, he, he wrote my lyrics. He, he wrote, he wrote my lyrics, but it was perfect for me based on who I was. So the lyrics were perfect. So I came with my own lyrics. But the NFL wouldn't, they wouldn't clear it because when I, when I, when I rap, I like to curse. So we had to get clearance from the NFL because this, oh no they not. Yeah, this is a Super Bowl commercial. It's a Super Bowl commercial. So you know, they ain't playing about that. Oh no. Absolute. They Ain't playing about that.


Absolute. Yeah, I went, I went with Toby lyrics because that is his profession. He's really good at what he, what he does. Right. Toby, I appreciate you. I know you gonna see this. I love you. But I, I was just grateful. I was grateful. The opportunity to work, to work with one of the, one of the best artists in the game today. And it was, it was dope. So right now I really think I'm a rapper. Hey Ocho, I've been trying to challenge Ocho on Xbox to a game of fifa, but he been ducking me, so I figured this is the best way to contact him. Love you guys. Please don't stop making this show. So Jose Jalapeno on a stick, say you been ducking him. He say he won't that smoke on fifa. Well, well technically how I know he, Jose on a smoke jalapeno ain't really serious about no goddamn fifa. It ain't even called motherfucking FIFA no more.


It's called EAFC. So that let me know. He's sorry as hell. He said he wanna beat you on whatever it's called people. And I ain't whatever you call it, I ain't, he ain't, he gonna lose to me. He gonna lose to me. 'cause he ain't, He say stop ducking. He, he even ain't the title. Right. He know how to find me. Anybody in the game world knows my game of tag and ain't know how to find me. I ain't hard to find You scared Child. Please. You scared. I ain't hard to find You scared. I mean, I find, I know it yet. Even, even if I'm scared, I ain't hard to find all that. All you gotta do is pull up What you running from. So what else you wanna Talk about Joe? The same reason you don't wanna wanna play me one-on-one. Oh Joe, I have same reason the last time I, the last Time I, I don't care about your surgeries. I don't care nothing about your hip play Me one-on-one.


I don't wanna hit nothing. All that excuse. The last time I shot a basketball, I weighed about 212 pounds. I'm about 2 47 and I'm a lot more muscle bound now than I was then. Who, What does Muscle have to do? Dwight Howard Muscle bound too. He ain't made no Excuses. Hey, he can't shoot whip a lick. Well you what? You better go to the hoop. You better go to the hoop and try to lay it up. Go to the hoop and try to lay it up. What? What Ocho? Tcho. See I just, Hey, all I'm gonna do is dribble just like this here. That's Fine. That's fine. I'm coming up right up under that and I'm stealing the ball. Next. Oh Lord. Next Ocho Ocho. You can't play no basketball. You didn't play basketball in high school. Yo, UNC did you not listen to me when I told you a multiple shows ago?


The NBA players come to train with me to help with they off the ball moment and come and what this and come off, off the dribble About this. Yeah. All I know on the all area team, if you go back and look at 19, what was that, 85 or 86? I know two players made the team Shannon Sharp and Pervis Ellison. I ain't you ever heard him? I'm I'm talking about 20 20, 23. I wanna play one on one at a I I come to la I come to LA get your camera crew so we can have some footage. We, we We don Nightcap, Ocho Ocho Versa. I tell you what I tell you what, one, one I'll play you in the basketball. You come in the gym and work out with me. Can't Put some weight on there. Can't, I'm, I'm boxing right now.


I cannot if any weight I ain't gotta do with it. Oh, oh, look at, hey, look at Holy Field. Holy Field lifted. Please understand. Field lifted. Please understand I cannot lift weight. I can only do band work right now, now and life Lifework the inability to do something. Chad Ochocinco Johnson has the ability. He Can. I cannot lift heavy weight right now because I have a fight Coming up that got nothing to do with me. All right. I cannot shoot light basketballs right now. Youand. I'm training for something. Yes. Yes you can. Okay. What you train? You train Scared for you? Scared You for Mr. Are you training for Mr. Olympia? Ooh, I I trained to put these no pythons.


Ride your dick. Okay.


Bacon lovers, let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Myers thick cut bacon. Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich smokey flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Myers smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day, twice as long as most bacon is smoke. So for that savory, smoky, big cut bacon, keep it Oscar, listen Pat and tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with a resto form mattress. This state art memory foam technology will have you feeling like you're sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 Hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah. Why are you sleeping? Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon you'll dream about. Keep it. Oscar.


Coming soon to Prime Video you Can call me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross. You've been doing this a long time and you're the Best. And created by Ben Watkins, Multiple victims I connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for, for this killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. So lotos out there, he actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing cross, I learned to dress his gut against inside inside's head. The clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do you think you can stop him? I know I can. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. November 14th.


Yo. This is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing obsession. For some of us it's vintages fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where closets get filled with statement pieces and vintage pods. Where designer handbags are the real deal. And all your favorite dead style sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car, the Fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any do or yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters. Or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch to T-Mobile. Keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device. Credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption. Required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


What's good Justin? Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Oh, 1998, the year I was ineligible at Santa Monica College. I was ineligible in 1988. 1998. Man, my mama pissed. My grandma wouldn't even let me come back to Miami. Like, listen baby, I done, I didn't watch my grandma. I washed my, this her favorite line. I washed my hands. I've done all I can do. Make sure you stay up there with your mom in la. Shoot, I had to, I had to, had to make a living. Boom. I was working at the right track, you know, a li ex exotic club, you know. So I, I was dancing, making a little living. I would bring it about like 2,500 a night. Right Track off of Florence? Yeah. Off of Florence. Yeah. Man, Hold on.


Women paid to see you being Naked. Man. Listen, listen, I, Oh, they paid to see you put your clothes on. No, because you probably walked out there with em. I ain't trying to be funny. I told you, we family now I wrote that the right track on Florence this way back in 1998. They used to call me that they used to track call, call me Twix. That's the track because I, you know, I was tall now, but I had a lot of veins but I wasn't big. So I was, I was skinny. I thought they called you Twix for another reason. I thought they called you twigs. No, they called me Twix. And always what I learned about the nightlife and obviously when you dancing as a dancer, you always dancing for the BBWs, the, the, the, the, the big women because they tip well they tip real well. Yeah, they tip real good. So I would make it 2,500 a night and I was, I Would, you ain't a lady if you ain't 180 boy, two 10.


Count your boy in. Ooh Wee. I like that one. I like that one. But listen, you, you know how, you know what? Having 20 get making Friday, Saturday, Sunday, $2,500 a night. You am going to school, going, gonna school Monday morning trying to get my grades together. So I'm eligible for the, for the following football season. Man. I would live, I was living life. Living life then boom, that's when I got my grades together. Played in 1999. Dennis Eon gave me that one shot at Oregon State. I ain't looked back since. Alec. Hers said one game to win everyone in their prime. UNC with LeBron Ocho, with Jordan. But really we gonna be the dog.


Wait. Oh who? Wait basketball. I don't care what it is. Basketball, shooting, pool, table tennis. What that called? Cornhole. I don't care. Listen, whatever, whatever, whatever it is we play, whatever it is. If me and Jordan are teaming up against you and LeBron anything, whatever it is we play. You are the liability ojo. And the reason y'all gonna lose you. You can't dribble. You can't shoot. No you can't play table tennis. You can't shoot no pool. You can't bowl that. But man, we would, we would wipe you out in everything Ojo did. You know I had my own q they call you boy.


I got my own Q too. You heard of Minnesota Fat? They call you boy Georgia Slim. I beat you. Yeah, I beat fat. I beat Scon Willie Mascone. I beat Steve AK boy. You better stop playing with me. Rd dale. That man the black widow. I Y'all stop playing with Me. Go ahead man. Come on man. Hey, who you, who you Beats Willie Mascon? Steve mra. What They, wait, what they, what they, Jordan, what's your name of what they call you? George. They got, man, you better stop playing man. Ojo. You better stop with me ojo.


We beat the brakes up y'all. Hey Man, trust me. They had nothing, nothing with me and Jordan team up And table tennis. I'm telling you. Oh, fan table with tennis. Oh, Don, don't, don't do that. I'm Roger Federal Table Tennis. Now, now right there. I'ma, I'm gonna stop. I'm gonna stop you right there. I'm gonna stop you right there. One thing you not gonna do is you ain't gonna sit here and put no lives like that. He on god's green earth about beat me in no table tennis boy. I was the Charles Hadley table tennis champ in 1985. All the way to goddamn 1999. Ain't lost to nobody in Liberty City. That's What I'm saying. Liberty City don't do that. Everybody king of that block in Liberty City. Nah, but I come from The true, what did you talking about man?


Man, the Chinese wanted me to come play for them. Yes, You about they wanted you to come play for them. They play. I told them no I couldn't, I couldn't betray my country. You better stop playing with me, man. Don't do that man. No, that's that table tennis. Don't, don't do that man. Don't do that. Shooting pool. Don't do. Depends the corn hole. Don't do It. Don't, Don't do it to yourself. First of all, I know you can't play no pool do that because you don't even know how many balls were on the table. That's first of all, you ain't know nothing about no eight ball. You ain't know nothing about no nine ball. You ain't know nothing about no six ball. You ain't know nothing. So stop You not beating me in any of these games you talking about.


I got a question. He okay, I got a question. So listen, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm put you on the spot. I'm gonna put you on the spot right now. Since I already had 37 jobs. Let's make it 38. How about you have me to come be the assistant receiver coach? You don't Wanna do that. You ain't dedicated like that. I'm not. But I done have instruction disciplines in 19. Yeah, but you Ain't dedicated like That coach like that. You Dedicated to play but you ain't dedicated to coach. You ain't do that. You ain't like that. Right. So you ba so you basically, you gonna try to gimme some mumbo jumbo and just say, you know what, I don't wanna hire you. Why don't you just say no, no, I, I Will bring you in as an analyst. But you can't be there every day. You ain't gonna be there every day. You, I I know you, you do know. I know you.


Listen. I I love the kids. No, I got left. The, I got left. Yeah. You, you love the kids. That's one. You love the game, but you're not gonna be there every day. I'm going where's your coach? Where he at? He be, he'll get back at us, all us this morning. He'll get back at us. But see, before he got the job, when he, when he didn't have the job at Jackson State, we talked at least four, five times a day. Yeah. Yeah. Really not about football because he was a lot about a bull drive. Okay. He goes to Jackson State and I call him two or three, two or three times a week. Mainly about bull drive, a little bit of football. That's a lie. But when he got there first year, I said I gotta let him get his feet wet. Let him get in there, let him get figured that bag out.


And then, you know I will hit him up. Now this year ain't gonna be like last year. 'cause you already know what to expect, expect. Hold on. Tell you What I just thought about. Hey pride. I just thought about, I done done got turned down two, two brothers that I love. Y'all supposed to uplift me. I done ask both of y'all to do something for me. What Day Unc? I done asked unc. Right. I've been begging him for three months. Man. Get me on first take. He done sold me a dream. I done asked you to let me come be a coach at or, or a assistant at Colorado. You done told me. No. So both of y'all done turned me down and we, we got a bunch of people. I mean, You do know. We know you.


Right. Are Are you y'all supposed to be helping me climb the mountain, Shannon? No. I heard what Shannon did to you, but he was right. He said let me get in here first and let me work it out and let me do my thing. He three. Yeah. Right. He been in there three months. Three Months. But he ain't in all the way yet. He don't know everybody's name. He just get in there and you know he just getting straight. He just got a whole makeup situation straight. So, you know he, he just getting in that. Right. What done as you see, I knew you dirty. You dirty anyway. You dirty Anyway. He got all that straight now. He good. Right. I know you, I've been knowing you. Listen, listen though, you, you know I know you, If you give me a job, I will move to Colorado.


Man. I will uproot everything in Miami and I will come to Colorado. You know that promise. Promise You. Well if grandma right now, she'll cut you out. You know Grandma wasn't alive right now. She'll cuss you out now. You know. Don't tell times. And Shannon, I'm talking about his grandma. That was, that was my girl. He know grandma cuss him out if he was alive. Grandma know. I know you. I got my right hand up. I got my right hand up. That's your left One. Huh? That's your left one. That's your left hand on tv. That she Right. But that, that's your level wing case You think you playing on you. That's why We don, I just want, we Want An opportunity man. I'm trying to get with y'all. I just want an opportunity Time.


Time. I give him A-I-I-I-I said I I give him a platform. Get him on, get him on here three, four times a week. I four intimidated coming today. You, you on the day. Oh, boys on time. That's a lot. I ain't never late now. That's a lot. I ain't Never late. That's a lot. I might, Hey listen, might not wear, I might not wear a watch that work, but I'm gonna be on time Now. Now, now historically I know about all that. Well, I'm never been late nowhere. You know where you, I set my watch five minutes ahead on purpose. So I never go anywhere, never be anywhere late. Do you really want me to call Marvin Lewis right now? Huh? Oh, I ain't never showed. I ain't never showed up late to no meeting. Oh yeah. You know, you lying.


Not I, not accurate. You know, I got, I I got CTEI can't even remember. You lived, You lived at the complex. How you live at the complex when you was late. Now you exactly understand. Oh no, I over because nobody woke me up. Nobody woke me up. That, that was early. That was, that was early in my career. Now Hold on. You, do you remember you, do you remember the, do you remember the strength and conditioning coaches? Chip and, and, and Friday? Yeah, Ray, Ray and Ray. I'm talking to you. Chip. Chip Martin. Yeah. Yeah. And then Friday came in as assistant. Okay. Okay. So, you know, I know that they were being vulnerable back to each other. It's like a fraternity. Yeah. I mean we, we, we, we all family. We all family. But I just Don't, like I saying, You don't like things being said about me that aren't true sometimes, you know?


Yeah. That was true though though. That's not true. One thing about it, I'm never late. No, that was true. I'm never though you was late. That was true though. You lived in the complex. Like how do you do that? But you said they ain't wake you up. I take that. Yeah. They ain't waking me up. Yeah. Yeah. You've in the grocery store and starving. How you starving a grocery store? I don't even understand that though. Jordan. Hackley. What's up Shannon Chad big fan of the show. I have a question for you, Ocho. How did you end up in Monica's everything to me? Music, video. Oh, you know how you, I was a video vixen back in the day. How'd that happen? I did. Oh, I did a, I did a little bit of everything. Yeah. You know, I did a little, a little bit of acting.


You know, I did a little amateur, you know what I mean? That's the whole nother story when I was in college and then it transitioned into being a video vixen. So I, I'm really well-rounded and very cultured. So I've really been around the block and done everything, you know? And I consider that a job. It paid, it paid me, it paid me a little something in the off season. And Man, you know what? On so bad. Yeah. It was cool. I enjoy it. Not to Cut you off, man. Yeah. I should have told that man. You know how many people, oh Joe, I ain't gonna lie. Do you know people come up and that, I mean, I've had women to ask me. No. Talking about that, up about that.


Talking about you wouldn't let you wouldn't let me order no lobster on the first date. I say, Oh, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Be come on man. Listen, That, that was a great topic. That that was, that was the running, the running conversation on Twitter for about being there two weeks now. Two, three weeks. Man, That was funny, man. Even a pilot that was, I was on a flight, Right? Pilot be asking, asking me questions. I mean I, oh, I'm talking about, I'm talking about, that's one of the, that's probably the the question that, I mean, probably the most question that women ask. Can I call, can I address you as unc? Can I call you unc They ask me about, about the, about the, about the lobster.


And they ask you really get upset. I mean, you really make your, your partner go to another room to pass gas. Yeah, Absolutely. But them, them was, them was classic topics. Classic Luda. Don't get the love and respect that he deserve. 'cause he's a lyric lyricist. Lyric Lyricist Is impeccable always. Whether he on his own. Yeah. Or he on a feature. Luda gonna give you that word. So don't play with that man. And You know, you know I can rap too now. My goodness. What Chris Christmas old. We, we don't need anything else wrapped. Nah, I'm I'm just saying this is my own my, I I'm gonna give you one, let give you one bar. What kind of bar I'm gonna give you.


I'm gonna give you one bar. What you want, what you want. Play, play listening. I I got a bar right back here. What you need? Nah, listen, let me just gimme, I'm gonna give you, I'm gonna give you one bar real quick. Okay. My grandmother was blind and I had to read in braille. Every time I think about it, it was a touch and story. No, no. I I get what you trying to go with it? My grandmother was blind. I get Yeah. Yeah. And I had to read and braille. It was a touching story. Yeah. You know what you told that story about your grandma? Really? The braille before You make me mean Next time you wake up you going to be in hell. You don't make fuck. I ain't, oh see I don't wanna give you this vote.


I like that. I like that. Hey, I got, I got that. I got that from Twerk. Twerk. I appreciate you baby. I just, I just use your line. See imitation. Yeah. Is the purest form of flatter. Yeah. Hey, that was nice. I'm bring that back to Bring that back one more time. Bad question. Ocho the wrong road. The wrong road can railroad your career the same as the wrong song album can kill your career as a singer. Rapper. Listen in acting, if you ain't that boy, you right here turning down roads. It ain't like road. Just be, But I'm, it's Coming at you like that. Now you might be good and take the wrong road. Right. And it derails you. Right. It's kind of like a quarterback going to the wrong team.


We see guys go, oh, Oh. Like my dude Zach, like Zach Wilson. Yeah. And you know what? I never thought about it like that. Right? I never thought about it like that. Not, not as you, you open my eyes and the people in the chat are obviously opening my eyes when it comes to those that are acting, those that are in that field. I'm thinking, you know, shit, if you good and you're really good at what you do, you will always have opportunities. And the role you, the role you take, it shouldn't divert what it is you trying to do. Or where you trying to go and getting more. What's the, what's the, what's the, the old adage, you never get a second chance to make a first impression.


Hey, hey, I like that. That's why I Like That because okay, Ocho, we do this, we bomb. How do we reinvent it to comeback for people to come back and watch again. They're like, we already heard that. Right. Right. We already saw that. We good. Right. Right. You get one chance to get it right. Right. Especially when you dealing, you dealing with, it's not like, look, we got family and friends because watch us regardless. But we are asking people that have really no connection, no affiliation to us to tune in, listen to what we have to say. Be educated.


Right. Be entertained and to come back once, twice, three, four times a week. And you know what, by the way, check out your favorite uncle on club Shesha. That's what we're asking. Yeah. You've got to give and you don't get a second chance at that. People are unforgiving, have a bad meal at a restaurant. How many times you have a bad meal. They ain't like, well that, you know, it was just bad this time. They go like, nah, I'm good. Right. I I got one more question, UNC, I mean in the chat. Chad, I need y'all to help me out. Li listen, listen to me real quick. I understand Hollywood in a sense. I understand acting in a sense. I've, I've heard the frustrations and the gripes for many of people throughout the years.


In general, how hard it is to get roles, how hard it is to get jobs. So when you say you don't want to take certain roles like so many opportunities or bring presented to you to be able to turn down roles, how do they navigate in that area, in that field and in that space when it's already hard to get roles and you have to turn stuff down because of what it might be. And it might derail your career when you can't even get your career off the goddamn ground because you're turning shit down because you're not getting enough opportunity to begin with. Figure, Look at it like this that That's the part that's confusing me a Little bit. Well let me, let me enlighten your eyes. How much money you think I can make. If I were to say my people, my community is our fault, right?


All of our fault that we're in this position and take some of the approaches that we've seen other people take, they'll write me, they'll write me a check. As big as, as as big as, as long as the Hollywood side. Yes sir. I refused to compromise anything. 'cause at the end of the day I gotta lay down with me. Money. Money don't make me, I make it right. All money ain't good money because at the end of the day, now I'm not saying that anything that can't said about these people. 'cause I don't know these people. I don't have ins, I don't have knowledge of what he said. He says he has information. Okay. But at the end of the day, Ocho, I prepare as well as I can.


And I'm not always right when it comes to predicting the score. But I can honestly say when I critique a player, there's no malicious intent involved. Right. I've done as much research as I possibly can on a given topic.


Okay, bacon lovers, let me tell you something amazing about Oscar may fit. Cut bacon. Now I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich, smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Myers smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day twice as long as most bacon is smoke. So for that savory, smoky, big cut bacon, keep it Oscar Listen powder tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Resto form mattress. This state of art memory foam technology will have you feeling like you're sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 Hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Miles smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah. While are you sleeping, Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon you'll dream about. Keep it Oscar.


Coming soon to Prime Video you Can call me Detective Alex Cross Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best. And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I've connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for afoot. Ms. Killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. So lot of sick out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing cross. I learned to trust his gut against inside his hand. Clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do you think you can stop him? I know I can. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. November 14th.


Yo. This is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing, an obsession for some of us it's ventures, fashion, our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and ventures Pods where designer handbags are the real deal. And all your favorite desktop sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car, the Fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any do or yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters. Or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch the T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption. Required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


What's popping Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosion, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


What you wanna say Ocho? I want to have a sing off. I want to have a sing off. I gotta sing tonight. Ing off. I got a you you coming to a residency? I could. Matter of fact let me perform with you. Come on up there. No I'm Serious. You Have the shortest, you have the shortest residency in Vegas. That should be one night only with PPA featuring Ocho. No, no, no, no, no. Listen, I moved the needle now I could sing. If you want an example. Know. Go ahead hit the no rack with You. Go ahead move the needle. Ready. Think I can't s see you gotta, you gotta take a sip. Hold on. Got me fucked up. You got to stand up because you know you gotta stand up some Jack The diaphragm and stuff.


No that was it. That was the I'm so in love with you. I know, I know. One of those notes. Whatever you want. One of those is. That's it. That's it. That's what, that's what That Hold on. You gotta do the I'll do right? You Sure? Yeah. I'll take that. What you think? What you think I'll take that? That was One to 10. One to 10. Be honest. Be honest. 'cause my vocal coach ain't here. She in Miami. I Will say this on one to 10, that's a, it's a hot four. You did good. I said a hot four. That's almost a five. I'm telling you. See that's, that's a good, that's good. That's a hot four. I'm tell you, you did Pain gave you more than what I was gonna give you.


What You gave me. It wasn't on the scale that you put it in one between one and 10. I needed to be lower than one. That's, that's messed up. I Number four. I need a negative energy. Listen, You gave me something to work with. I got see I I can, I can throw a bunch of auto tune on that and make it, make something happen. Bye. Auto tune. I sound like a 10. Man. You can use auto Tunes. Cartoons ain't enough. Tune. Loony Tunes ain't enough tunes to make that boy sound good. T stop play. See I'm telling you I didn't, I didn't heard a lot of real bad singers get turned into real good singers but just ah, just a little bit. Engineering. They sound Like Him. I mean, a little bit worse actually. We go some, Some Critically artists.


I'm telling You. You yeah. Some of these, some of these artists y'all think y'all a Lot of tools can do that. Oh man. Lemme tell you. That's why everybody thought I was, that's why everybody thought I was, I was fake With it. They didn't know how talented you actually were because you had it. Yeah. Yeah. Now you gotta be able to make it sound good. You gotta sing in some kind of capacity to make it sound good. But with the right engineer and a bunch of money behind you. Absolutely you can hear. There you go. Well he need an engineer from MIT Georgia Tech. I mean Both y'all rich enough to do anything you want to. I gotta stay. I gotta stay in my wheelhouse. I know. I I I know you're hiding your finances from all these people. I'm sorry I'm here to tell You. Nah, Ocho Ocho the cheap one. I mean I I I spin even though he was on a bombardier the other day. Nope.


Nope. I ain't pay for nothing. You didn't Pay for Nothing. I ain't pay for nothing. No sir. And I'm, they think I'm flying back with them. It ain't happening you. Why Not? Nah, absolutely. That was very uncomfortable. It just wasn't me. I like, I like listening. I ain't even got fucking pre-check. I ain't got People say you Gotta, you gotta figure that Out. Listen, me and my old lady, we go to the airport. She got pre-checked. She say, why you gonna give you precheck for what, what am I paying $85 for? And we get to the gate at the same time we pour at the same time. I'm telling we land at the same time. I'm telling 80 it's $85 a year. No, you don't understand. Listen, It's $85 a year. Do y'all Understand y'all, y'all understand what I'm saying? No, No. Listen, listen to me.


If y'all got pre-checked Right. Okay. We get to the airport at the same time. Okay. All y'all go through first. Okay. I go stand in line with the people when they called the board. We still board at the same time. So where's the fucking convenience? You waited two hours and I was sitting in the sky club. But we still board at the same time. But I same we board at the same time. You good with saving money man? At the same time? Nah, it don't make no sense. Gonna be in the line with the people. I'm gonna be at the gate like he about to miss that. But You at the gate? Yeah. I'm have to because I'm got club because I'm one of the ones I will leave. Your Don't understand That's Oh yeah, for Sure. I'll leave this nigga. Man, y'all YY don't understand y'all don't, y'all don't understand the value Dollar. We do. We do understand. 'cause you gonna come through because you one of them people that be stuffing all your jewelry in one pocket in your backpack.


And I know. Yeah, they, they gonna check that that's it gonna show up black on the screen at the TSA. They Gonna check that you not, y'all not thinking logically. This your bag. I'm, is this your bag sir? Sir, is this your bag first class? I'm gonna have to run it again. Okay. Alright. Alright. I'm gonna need you to take all the stuff. Can you take all the electronics? I see an iPad in here. You can't bring the iPad through sir. You cannot bring the, if it got a keyboard on it, you gotta take it out. Exactly. What's all this right here. Is that water? That's not water. Okay. I'm gonna have to run it again. Okay. And then they take all your shit out. Yeah. And then they run it again and then they say okay, thank you. Have a nice day. All your Put Yes all your shit still sprawl down all over the goddamn. Exactly. But I don't, don't put that.


Don't like that. Put that back in there. I Don't travel like that. I'm at, I'm at the gate. I'm at the gate with AppleVis Pro on you putting all your shit back in your bag. That's right. You first You fly, you fly first class. Yeah. Yeah. You Fly first class. Absolutely. All y'all fly first class. Yeah, most fly First class. I'm just asking. I only fly exit row. Sir. I only fly. You fly, fly first, exit row. 13. A airlines 13. A spirit airlines every time. See That's a, that's a C. That's a sea responsibility is I ain't, that's a seat with responsibility. Yeah. 'cause if you had an exit road, you got to be able to Open the doors. What sir? You went and able hell in the state up in fucking know. Yes. And I can fly too. I got my pilot's license first Of all.


Lemme tell you ma'am, I don't know how much this door weighed you got, let me get a practice run or some shit before we take off. I, I don't know. How about this You, I'm like yeah, I can handle that shit. Soon as we going down I picked up, oh wait bitch, hold on. This shit is, nah. Hey ma'am, I'm gonna need my two of y'all. Hey somebody, You, somebody else Does somebody else wanna sit here? Somebody else there? Doctor got that plan, bitch. I don't know. Y'all understand. Everybody love first class. Oh, I'm in first class. I'm in X row. When the plane land, we still get off at the same fucking time. No you don't. Yeah, no you don't. No you don't. You know why, why? 'cause I'm getting off and then it's that one old ass man that can't get his bag down. Right. And your ass is stuck on the plane. And I'm sitting at the gate again with a Apple Vision Pro on like, this nigga ain't even coming.


I don't know what the, Y'all don't understand, man. Yeah, we, We do understand that's, this is why we do what we Do. No, I mean, Ocho first Class is a waste of money. Ocho, pre-check is a waste of money. Ocho, the, we all get to the same destination at the same time. I get it. We get on the plane at the same time, we deplaned at the Same time. So lemme ask you question it no sense. Lemme ask you a question. When you was growing up and you was thinking about making money and getting out, so what did you want to do? So you wanted to make money to stay the exact same. You don't dress the same you did when you was in Liberty City. I look just like this. No you don't. You have a Cuban Yes man, stop lying. I Had a Cuban at 14. Boy. You in porting church Mice. No Boy, you a robber broke in your house in Liberty City.


Y'all robbed him. No, No, no. Do you tied him up and everything? I have a question. Did y'all, y'all saw Griselda? Saw who? Y'all saw Griselda. You didn't see Griselda? Yes. Yeah. Nah, that's Pretty man. I was a runner for GDA back in 88. Oh my God. Oh, so you didn't even run track. I promise you This man talking about a runner. He, I was in runner track. I don't know what's going on. He No gelle. That was in Kendall. I Understand what's going on. Yeah, but that don't mean you was Yeah, I worked a big Ike. I'm telling you babe, I can't, All I know is babe be dressing babe. T spending that money. So I don't know what you doing, but I know babe. I, yeah, That's It. I, listen, I'm, I'm here to tell my stories and I'm just telling you the truth.


I can sing Ocho sleeping all this clothes. I don't need first class. Yeah, You don't. The money Jeans on. She spend her Own money. No. That she spending your money shitting me. Well that's why she said, Hey rap prenup. Prenup. Yeah, that's fine. So she could continue to spend her money. That's right. I ain't Signing and you can't spend none of It. I'm not signing it. That's okay. Okay. She Decided to leave Me. I'm leaving with Something. You ain't leave with nothing. Leave what you came with. That's It. The McDonald coupons. You Gotta sign it. Pick 'em all with you. That's right. You Gotta sign it. You gotta sign it. You gotta sign It. Well, you here Tpa. You gotta sign it. Gotta sign it. It's like the Apple term terms and conditions. You what? What you gonna do? Not use it? Yeah, you gotta, that's what it's, It's like insurance.


I ain't really trying to go out there and hit somebody. Right. But if I do, I need to know it's taken care of. Absolutely. Re ain't saying she trying to divorce you. Right. But just in case she need all what she can. You Need all you need. You need security. You need, you need, you know you need that. You need that insurance. It Not happening. I need security. The same lifestyle that she Well, no, no, no. It Ain't even go Listen, listen. You gotta understand the same lifestyle that she's provided me since she came into my life. I'm leaving with that. I don't, I, you gotta understand. If we didn't have these lights up here, the people, that's the color of us. The, if we ain't had these lights, we'll be just teeth and eyes up here. You know what I mean? You, we going, we got that. We got to have some kind of backup plan or something.


This is it Some, it's some lighter, some lighter hue People out here, they ain't got them problems. We got the problems. We can't be seen like that. We gotta, we can't have tinted windows. You got, you gotta have that insurance. You gotta be ready to crash. Yeah. Alright. You right, you're right, you're right. I'm just protecting myself. I get it. I get it. So collabs, how many, I mean how many features, how many collabs are on the album with you? I mean, typically I like to get the song done and then get the features afterwards. Oh, go ahead. You said a feature collab. Huh? I rap. Oh yeah, I rap. You do? Let me hear something. Huh? Lemme hear something. You what? Go ahead.


I'm not the one to play with. They call me Ocho Bitch, I got a itch. That's it. That's it for now. Okay. Little freestyle. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Little something you could write for me. It ain't nobody gonna know. Okay. Yeah baby, I got another job. The Volume.


Hey, it's Kevin Hart in this basketball season. Chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. I enjoy seed. I appreciate the support people eat that Brazel. This will never get old. Use more nap kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save on tagline. Cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what's yours. Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer attorney is underway and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. There are some massive game coming up, including Byron versus PSG on Tuesday, November 26th, followed by what is likely to be the biggest matchup of this stage. Liverpool versus Real Madrid on Wednesday, November 27th. Stream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the Uafa Champs League. You can try it free today@paramountplus.com slash live sports.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Oh the places you'll go when you go in. Tom's the beloved family footwear brand. Over the years we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort. Our fall collection offers hundreds of styles for women, men, and kids at great prices, boots, sneakers, wedges, loafers flats, and our iconic alga slip-ons. When you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we're just getting started. Shop the full fall assortment now@toms.com


This fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59.99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus live TV. Today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59.99 per month for three months, then 82 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.