
When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything, even the sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown Deep Fit. Will the owner of a red sedan please visit guest services. Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a prop With Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what your Restrictions and limitations apply. Cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank, and a member FDIC.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like here in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. Feel good enough to go out there and play You? turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


This is John Middle Coff from three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere. And boom, you realize you're missing apart. It's okay because you know whatever it is. It's on eBay. They've got everything. Brakes, headlights, cold air, intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time eBay things people love.


Coming Soon to Prime Video. You Can call me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson. We Have to catch this serial killer. I don't kill For afoot and created by Ben Watkins. Ms. Ki thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. Aldi Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If We don't find him soon, we may never have another chance. The clock's ticking. You think you can stop him? I have no idea. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. November 14th,


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports Book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


OCHO A video went viral of a plane full of Lions fans Hushing the flight attendant during the game winning field goal. ocho? Yeah. Has your viewing experience during a big game ever been ruined? Wait, hold on. Bring that to me one more time. They were on the plane right? And you know they're watching the game. Right. And you know, she's trying to make her announcements about, you know, fasting your seatbelt. Right. Right. In case of allegedly, you know, you know, drop from the ceiling. Right, right. Place yours on before you assist someone else. Right. And Sh Yes. Stop talking. Y'all see us watching this. Oh, they, hey. Oh, the plane shifts the flight attendant. Yes. I make an announcement. Hey. That's funny. That's funny.


I mean, listen for one, no disrespect, everybody on the plane has been flying for years. I'm sure they know who they understand the regulations. I know she has to do that because it's protocol is part of Is the FAA? Yes. Yeah. I, I, you, you know, but understanding. She gotta read the room honey. Honey, you got read the room. You know if, if you know people are watching the game and when you make announcement, you know what it does to the TVs. They stop working. Yes. They Stop working and people are watching the goddamn game, man. They, she, you lucky ain't nobody s your ass out. And we you watch yourself mocho and then they come on the flag. You know we're gonna start coming. I'm, man stop. Just come around yo. Aint gotta tell us you come around with the car.


Damn. When we see you in the aisle with the car, we'll know you coming around. Damn. I be watching. So come on man. And hey, that's funny. That's funny. You know, can I, can I tell yourself? IIII don't, I don't mean to do this. I don't mean to do this when you get on the plane Right. And they come around and they tell you can you fasten your seatbelt on the plane? Yeah. For safety precaution. And I always think to myself like, if I'm not sure what this seatbelt gonna do, if anything was to happen.


So, you know, I don't be wanting to argue, but I always thought about that. They'd be so hell Ben on that goddamn seatbelt. Yeah. I mean, and They talk about that and they talk about that seat cushion is a flirtation. You think I'm, if that plane go down, I ain't gonna be able to use my seat cushion. I done poop in it. I ain't about to put it next to my face. I throw that here out the window. Please. What good A seat cushion gonna do that. Go down. I messed I messed up everybody cushion. Hey man, listen man, boy, I, yeah, no, I ain't, I ain't, I'm, I'm not even Finn talk about that. I ain't stop, but I, but you know what? Don't your, I go ahead and fasten mine because they make it seem like it's life or death if you don't have that seat belt every time and that seat, that seat back to the full upright and lock position, like the plane won't start.


I'm like, ma'am, would the plane start if I don't have the seatbelt up? Damn. What the hell? But they be on it boy. They be on it. Listen, I, I don't argue, I don't argue with 'em. I just, I just, I just fasten it up. You know, I always bring my seat up. Right. And it just, I mean obviously it's protocol. They have guidelines and rules that they have to follow. Yeah, I understand it. But in the hindsight, when you like really think about it, it ain't gonna help if anything happens. Yeah. They make it. Oh, they make it seem like the plane won't crack if my seatbelt ain't fast or my seatbelt ain't up. Or, or your phone. If your phone, like your phone is gonna mess up with the, with the, with the electronic stuff up front.


If you on your goddamn damn phone. Well Ocho I need to fly We don. We don't need to be flying. If that's the case, Ocho, I don't, I don't argue with them people. Yeah. Oh, I don't argue either. I, yeah, I don't, I don't wanna my list. Hey Man, hey. And, and the vein broke. They spent, I said, ma'am, it's broke. Boom Boom. I said, ma'am, I told you it's broke. Right. Look like I'm lying. Oh man. I say, man, Hell No bad up that flyer. Ocho, here it is. A woman is going viral for having to cancel her honeymoon after 270. Guest wedding only gave 3000 in cash, including one person who gave $10.


Hold on. Wait. Whoa, whoa. She mad 'cause she only got three. Only 'cause she mad. 'cause she only got 3000. 3000. Here's a Story. She's trying to recoup her money from what she paid for the wedding. Is that, that's basically sound like to me, you Ocho we just got just what she, she's saying here's a story. We just got married yesterday. Right. And we spent 60 k on our wedding with our guest count of 270. We worked our butt off and pushed so many bills, rent, et cetera. Only taken out a loan of 4,000 from my mom and demanding it back by the end of the month. We received 3000 in cash checks total and cards only. We're like freaking out. Really devastated because we thought we'd get at least 10,000. The Lord's card out was $10.


Has this happened to anyone else? How do you move past this? It's really eating at both of us. Our lives. Just really disappointed about it. We were supposed to leave Monday for our honeymoon, but we canceled it instantly after opening everything. We literally couldn't buy a plane. You're supposed to have already got that. Okay. Lemme free to show Joe. Go ahead. Go ahead. We couldn't buy our plane tickets and we're gonna buy them this morning because we booked the hotel for free with points. Hey, hey, do me a favor man. Help me understand that. What is the average cost of a us regular folk? Not you, us regular? I think the average cost of a wedding is about 50 grand. Is about 30 to 50. Oh.


In this economy. Whatcha talking about people can't afford that? Clearly the average cost of a wedding is $35,000. Okay. That makes, that makes a little bit more sense. That makes a little bit more sense. So, I mean, when you think about it, if you really can't afford to have a wedding, why? I think we're people today are more quote up with the aesthetics. I agree. The aesthetics of it and the look and just saying, oh, I got married. Not what marriage actually entails, you know? Yeah. And 35, 40, 50,000 Who buy, but who gets married ocho. Right. And plans a wedding. Right.


Gonna go through it with the hopes of recouping their money from gifts, from family and friends. They, I ain't buying no damn house and hope I win the lottery to pay for it. I should already have that lined up how I'm going to pay for the home. I like that. That sound good. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. Yeah. Hey you, they they playing around. They play. They couldn't afford that. They couldn't afford that. Yes. Afford that. That's, that's, that's their fault. That's their fault. And people coach, Hey, you gotta stay within your budget too. People, people in the chat, yo, listen, listen to me. Yo, we gotta learn to act our wage. We need to learn to act our wage. Many of us are living way above our means and any little money we get, we trying to look a certain way, trying to address a certain way and just trying to cater to people that don't even care about us.


To, to, to live this Yes. And look a certain way. And like, I mean it's Just the wedding is for the guests. Yeah. I ain't trying to impress y'all baby. We good? Yeah. You good? Okay. Right. We good? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Listen. But I, I hope half the time a bunch of 'em gonna be there. Mm. It ain't gonna last talking. They gonna be talking issue about you as you walking down the line. Right. It ain't gonna last long. I bet that I give it a year. I give it two years. Right. But they there to eat up your food and talk about everybody in there. Nah you won't. Damn My brother, sister, my kids, my mom and her family. I'm gonna have about six people. I'll let you triple me up. You could have 18, but they gonna be packed in the courthouse. Hey, who you, where they gonna be packed at?


At the courthouse. Oh shit, Man. I'm not paying no hundred thousand, no 200,000 for no damn wedding. 200 Who? American dollars? No, I'm not even playing that in rubies, ru or whatever. They, whatever the, whatever currency is, pesos, naura, whatever. No. Nada. Hey shit. Hey, you still got your suit for the wedding? I do. Yeah. All right. Shit. Hey, shit looking grim. But I I, you un ask my money. Huh? You done had me go out there and get, go get some line, right. Oh, I know One thing. I'm getting married come February.


You heard me? All I know is no, Hold on. Let me finish. Let me finish now. State with me. Yeah. Okay. I'm getting married in February. I don't, I don't know who the fuck it's gonna be, but when that goddamn day come, I'm walking down that aisle with somebody. Well, well I know who it's gonna be then. I I but hold, lemme take my glasses off now. Well, I'm 46 years old, man. I ain't got time to be playing. What you trying to do? What you, I mean, I mean, whoever's gonna be, I'm walking down that motherfucker island in February. I done got, I ain't going If it, if it ain't, if it ain't my niece, I ain't going. I well, well you know what, if if you, if you don't show up, that's fine. And I ain't, I ain't, I I have you. I shit, what?


I, If it ain't my niece. Hey, I hate, I hate fu to fall out now. Hey, I tell you what, when that preacher, when that, when the minister say, does anybody object to this wedding to speak now forever. Hold your peace. I object. I object. This ain't right. This ain't right. I my own hand me a mic. I'm gonna have my mic. Yeah. I've been re two years. Hey, She a good woman Ocho. I'm gonna tell you right now. I Don't dunno who this is. I mean, I don't, I I don't agree with you being with Ocho. Me personally, I don't like you.


Hey, We not gonna accept you. The Nightcap family not accepting you. Hey, I, I know how you feel but sometime, sometime in life, sometimes you got, you got, you gotta, you gotta your shit looking gr shit looking shouldn't look shit. Looking kind of grim right now, boy. So you know, you might as well get it, get it through your head, not get it through your skull. You know? It might not. Nope. It Might not. No can do. I refuse to. It might not be who you want it, but I'm walking down that aisle come goddamn February. 'cause I'm finna be old. I'm, I'm finna be old. I ain't got, I ain't got time. I ain't got, I ain't got time to play. I ain't got time to play. You got got me fucked up. I'm Gonna be drunk. I'm gonna be on that laport. Ain't no I, I am not responsible for what I say.


Hey, let me tell you something. I'm gonna have open ball. I got three people performing and I listen, I already, I already paid my deposits too for, for the performers. I done paid, I done paid for the junker new to come perform. Kiki Wyatt, Brian McKnight coming, Anthony Hamilton, John Legend. You know. And it's too late now. It's too late. Well, you know, so I mean either I, I don't, I don't, I Don't know. I'm gonna use your ceremony to get married my damn self. Then you, Hey we're baby, we already got a venue.


We already gotta act. You ain't gotta brag that. Hey, oh Shit. Oh Joe, check this out. A 15-year-old sends herself $7,000 for her father's iPhone. So my 15-year-old daughter went through my phone, sent herself $7,000 while I was asleep. I'm filing a repeat a police report right now. She going to jail. Not before I tell, I answer. Hey unc, well you can't, you can't, you can't put your hands on your kids in this, in this during this era or this ain't, Hey, this ain't the, Hey, Hey, hey Livy, hey Livy, hey Shelly. Right. Give Libby this money. Have her to come down there and get me.


If my 15-year-old ever, first of all, they can't do that. 'cause I ain't got no Apple, no phone where you can get no money. Right. Right, right, right. And so I ain't got no PayPal. I ain't got no z no Venmo. So I don't know what the hell she gonna send herself. Right. She can't send herself no Uber. But she better put Uber on my phone to get the F away from me. Right. Because if she ever did something like, boy, please. Oh man, my Kids, my kids don't even wouldn't Boy look here. My kids, I would, my kids would never disrespect me like that. Yeah. They wouldn't take, I leave, I leave money out. Right. They, I wish a dollar be gone. I wish a it would blow on the floor because I'm gonna think you moved it, man.


Please. $7,000. Hold on. And you know what? I I I bet I could tell you what they, what what, what the ethnicity that was Def definitely wasn't no black folk. It was what? Yes. What Boy? Oh, they must have been that. They must have been that must that must have been the gentrified version of us. I don't know what it was, but I'm tell I asked. So I told us, I told you what it was. It wasn't the old us. That's the gentrified us shit. 7,000 Boy in this economy.


Boy, boy. Start, Somebody say that's ass whipping money. Absolutely. Throw out the frame. Bad police seven Ocho. First of all, you 15. Right? What the hell you, first of all, you don't do none of that. You don't send yourself $7 $70, 700, let alone 7,000. Yeah. That, that's, that's crazy work, bro. Boy, please. That's crazy work. I'm just, I'm just trying to picture what my grandma, my mama would've did to me if I did something. Like, what, 10, 15? Well, first of all, I got, I got whooped for the, for, for, for way less. Yes.


First, first of all, Ocho, we ain't never had that kind of money. No. So that was, that was, that was never gonna be that. The Lord have mercy. Mercy. Just the thought about it. Huh? Just the, just the thought make you, make you upset. It's because he probably gives his, for her to do that. He probably gives her, he gives he, he he gives her money. Yeah. But she felt a sense of entitlement to get more Man please. It, it always start from somewhere. Boy, look here. My grandparents, they play that boy, they did not play. They did not play. They didn't play that kind of foolishness. And I wouldn't even think about that Ocho I wouldn't, Nah, I I would be, I would be too scared though, huh?


Yeah, for sure. I I, I'd be too scared because I'm, I'm getting woo. For not washing clothes. I'm getting woo for not folding clothes, not putting my clothes up. Having to ask me more than once was an ass whooping. Yes. Whatever. The first thing she could grab For sure. Whatever. First time was thunder. Second time lightning. Yeah. Yeah. And, And all this. Oh, can you please, can, Hey Shannon, can you please take out the trash? Shannon, can you go do this? Can Shannon, can you do, please. Hey boy, go take that trash out. Yeah, well please. What, what it was, it was always in a tone. Yeah. You better get right. Boy. My grandfather was quick. He tell my aunts all the time.


Is this something on your mind? You want on your ass boy party? Hey, look here boy, look here. Hold on. I Gotta use that. I gotta, I gotta use, I gotta use that with, man, please. I gotta use that with french fry when she get a little older and start talking back. Yeah, Man. Please. And I wish I might, I Like that. After All, I've, after all I've done and you going to, you going to, that's stealing. I don't give a damn If you my, if you a friend relative. Yeah. You stole. Yeah. You right. So guess you what I got. I gotta treat, I gotta treat you like what? You are a thief.


What? But hey man, I, I be thinking about some of the stuff that kids be doing now and what they get away with. My mind wouldn't even allow me to think my sister, my brother, my, they wouldn't even allow us to think about that. Right. Ain't no way. I would've, there's no way. Some of the stuff that these kids do, I wouldn't have made it No. Cho. Yeah. Oh No. Because them, them old, old folks, they bust hell at you. And listen, the funny thing about it, if it wasn't your parents, it'd be the people in the neighborhood or the people wherever you at. Because yeah, remember back then everybody had the green light to beat your ass. If you did something, you Had com you could get a community ass whipping. You absolutely could. And Then you get it again when you get home.


So you get your As. Yep. You get twice. You can say a beat twice that. Yeah, for sure. But today, kids talking back, kids swinging back, they doing everything. Don't play that Man Today. I don't care what it is. It's still my kid. Still. Yes sir. No sir. Yeah, Yeah. Absolutely. And my kids in their thirties. Yeah, boy. And you know what's funny? It it, no, it's funny. Now we talk about kids and, and, and respected in, in manners. Those I have kids from. And it's, it's the opportunity also to, to give them they flowers and the job that they've done.


You know, I didn't do things the, the traditional way when it comes to my kids and having respect and people saying, you know, I met your daughter or I met your son who are very respectful, you know, the or whatnot. Because I'm, I'm not the disciplinarian. I'm the one, I'm, I'm the fun guy. I am. I'm the one. Oh, your mama won't do it. Okay. Just come to me. You know, I I got what they, Hey, they those I had kids from mamas. Oh boy. Hey play no games At all. No, don't, None of them no games. Yeah. They, they, everybody See now thing, the thing is Ocho people wanna be their kids Friends. Friends, yeah. Friends. Oh, that's my, my mom is my best friend.


Oh, my dad's my best friend. Oh no. Okay. That, That's me. You better get somebody your age or few years younger. Right. I ain't no friend. I'm a parent. Yeah. I'm a parent. But I'm a, I'm a, I'm also, I'm the, I'm the fun parent slash friend at times. Until you fuck up. Now you fuck up. Now you fuck up that issue. I, I hate, I hate to double up on 'em. 'cause when they do mess up, they already know they gotta catch hell from mama. And I hate to be that one to also pounce on you too. Hey, they, they, you want me to tell your daddy? Tell your daddy what? Because if the mere fact that your fear, mere fact that you said you want to tell their daddy, that mean they did something fd up.


So what is it? Yeah. Yeah. Man. Don't play. Don't a Yeah. In order for me, in order for me to get that call, it got to be very serious. And I've been very fortunate. I've been very fortunate. Nothing, nothing of that. Oh yeah. Happened. Yeah. That's why, that's why I always say them motherfuckers there, they did a, a hell of a goddamn job, Man. Please. Well, these kids today, y'all don't know how good y'all got it. I mean, a lot of these parents, I mean, my grandmother gave, gave us what she could. But I, I couldn't even imagine. I couldn't even imagine being stealing from my grandmother, being disrespectful, talking about, you know, stomping my feet or sucking my teeth, talking back.


And your teeth will be on the flow. What, what you talking about? Your teeth will be on the flow. For sure. I wi wish you would. So I, your kids don't have trauma because you extreme. Nah, I'm extreme. When they extreme where they got extreme boo A I'm gonna meet 'em where they at, right? Yeah. I like, that's, that's a good energy. I'm, I'm gonna meet you where you're at. If you in some, that's where I'm gonna meet you at. I'm gonna meet you where a, hey, what you want from me's an expectation. You got it too. Good. Right? Why you f up for what man, please. They already know.


I said I'll forgive a don't y'all call me because a, if y'all get in some trouble where your options, I already know they're not gonna call daddy unless it's absolute absolutely positive. Yeah. Yeah. Because I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be in the jail cell right next to 'em for beating their ass. I be We got you in jail cell. I don't know how we getting up outta here.


Oh, the places you'll go when you go in. Tom's the beloved family footwear brand that make shoes for your moments that matter most. Over the years we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort weaving both together. Our fall collection includes hundreds of styles for women, men, and kids at great prices. We're talking boots, sneakers, wedges, loafers flats, and our iconic alpr goddess slip-ons, you name it, we've got it. Pair our sneakers with your favorite denim seasonal boots with oversized sweaters and loafers with boxy blazers. Our signature cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning for all day wear. The best part. When you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we are just getting started. So slip in and step out to Pilates or school drop off playgrounds and dance class. Perfect. For date night or girls night, apple picking or game day, we are the brand to support the life you lead. Shop the full fall assortment now@toms.com.


Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything. Even this sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown. He Fit. Will the owner of a red sedan please visit guest services? Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what chores Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


The all electric Chevy Equinox EV combines everything you need when you're ready to go. Ev. Starting at 34,995. The 2025 Equinox VLT gives you an impressive balance of all electric range safety features for peace of mind and effortless technology, including the 17.7 inch diagonal display screen all at a price you'll love the Chevy Equinox. Ev is the fun to drive all electric SUV that gives you what you need to do exactly what you want. The manufacturer suggested retail price excludes tax title, license dealer fees, and optional equipment dealer sets Final price. To learn more, visit chevy.com/equinox. Ev


Paramount plus is your home for the Wakeford Chambers League. The best club soccer tournament is underway and it's bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer has a whole new format. And this year the Chambers League is giving us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. There are some massive games coming up, including buy-in versus PNG on Tuesday, November 26th, and then Liverpool versus Raw Madrid on Wednesday, November 27th. If champions, plan champions, and here in the States, it all takes place in the middle of the day and the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Dream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the Wait for Champions League. And you can try it for free@paramountplus.com slash live sports.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Did you know the PayPal debit card now earns you 5% cash back in the monthly category of your choosing groceries, health, restaurants, beauty, gas, and apparel in up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Sephora, and Instacarts. Like having a little extra in your pocket. Every month I'm using PayPal debit card to earn 5% cash back on apparel with my travel schedule. I'm on the go. Sometimes I have to buy clothes online. It's the new normal. Just Sign up for the PayPal debit card through the new app and you're ready to go. Download the new PayPal app. Sign up, start earning 5% cash back today. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limit apply. See paypal.com/rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spent per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Dwayne Rock Johnson is coming clean about some recent reports of his behavior on the set. The report alleges he pees in a bottle to save time. Yeah, that happens. He told gq referring to how he sometimes relieves himself at work. ocho, have you ever had an emergency bathroom situation and had to pee in a bottle? Huh? There's footage of me peeing on the sideline. Oh yeah. On all my highlights. Yeah. I just forget Cedric Benson is sitting on one side of me. Reggie Kelly who's the Titan at the time, sitting on the right side of me and y'all close in. Let me use the bathroom real quick on the middle of the field in the middle of the game so I didn't have to run to the locker room. I am not missing Time. Yeah, we normally go on the sideline, we go in a plastic bag, you know, we kneel down in front of, you know they got those trunks.


Yeah. They got tape and all that stuff in there. Yeah. We kneel down and go in, go in the bag. Yeah, Yeah. Right, right, right between the two Gatorade things, the big gator pool, that whole lot, you know. Yeah. Right behind them ain't nah, I ain't going, I ain't going nowhere. Yeah. So I understand the Roth especially. Oh yeah. As dedicated as he is to his craft. And listen, one of the best, if he's not still the highest paid, you know, person in Hollywood. Yeah, he one of them. I I get it. I understand it. Now practice was a different thing. We had run up, you know, we'd run up in the woods or something and then run back down the hill. Right. Unless you had to go, you know, Number Two had to go do. Yeah, yeah. Sometimes you gotta do number three, you gotta do one and two. So you definitely gotta go inside for that. But, oh yeah, for sure.


Most, I mean, you'd be surprised how many times guys go to the bathroom on the sidelines. Formula one, the Cal Botox decided he could do an Iron man at home during his off week 11 hours, 7,000 calories burned. He did swim portion in his pool and then used the Peloton, the indoor treadmill for the bike run. Here's his stats distance, 3,800 meters. He averaged wa his pace 329 minutes. How long, how far? What'd you say that is? Eight hours. So he distanced was 3,800 meters. Right. His average, he was one minute and 43 per a hundred meters of swim.


He burns 1,055 calories. Moving time was an hour and 5, 5 52. Hard weight was one 19 average stroke rate 44 Peloton 3 3 29. Just the indoor ride. Wow. Hmm. Hey, you know them IndyCar, IndyCar drivers in impeccable shape. Oh yeah. Impeccable shape. Can you imagine? Nah, I don't want no parts of that. No, you ain't got no, you ain't got no Peloton. No, I like it. I don't, yeah, I, I mean I don't, I mean I well I do.


I I I take you're right. I technically do. I technically do. I don't use it. Okay. I, We got a special guest. Alright guys, ladies joining us tonight to talk a little hoops. Action is Dwight Howard, he won a championship with the Lakers in 2020.


He is a three time defensive player of the year year. He's a rebounding champion field gold percentage champion. And he's joining us for a few moments tonight to talk NBA hoops. Dwight. What's good homeboy? What's up with it? How you doing Bro? I'm doing good. That's my, that's the Georgia homie right there. Ocho a time all star two. Time block champ. Eight time all NBA selection. Five time all defensive. 2020, 20 NBA champ. 2004, five. All rookie team. Three time defensive player of the year. Yeah. Yeah. The Dwight Howard. What up, what up, what up, what up? Nightcap in the building.


Like what's up yo? What's good? Nothing much. Oh. So man, I'm a big fan, but big fan of both of y'all man. I'm just happy to be on the show, man. And thank y'all. Thank y'all. Yeah, I thank you. Appreciate you coming on. I appreciate it. Hey, let me, let me ask you a question and I'll all, all seriousness, you know, I, I love, I love a challenge. I love challenging everyone from whatever respective craft that they've done, even though they succeeded your accolades, your resume, it speaks volume for what you've done when you played in the NBA. But you would think you could be me one-on one In basketball. Yeah. Nigga basketball. You really, I'm just, I You talking about so else Talking. I'm just saying. I'm, I'm really like that.


So if at any You not like me, first of all, you don't weigh enough. That's, that's the first thing. Hold on. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I'm I'm two, right? I'm two 40. What? Talking about I'll enough whatcha talking about you two 40? Yes, I'm two 40. You don't enough now. Point. Thank you. So what you telling me is you could be here, you need to play one-on-one. I would destroy you. Put some money up. I'm not putting no money up. I'm just telling you I will destroy you on the court. You don't have a chance. Just like if I played you in football, I don't have a chance guarding you on no route. You can't, You don't have no chance to guard me. But I'm just saying I can come off the bench for any team right now as a six man. That's what I'm talk, that's what I'm trying to tell you. You Can't, you can't.


I like you. I love you though. But you can't Dwight tell, tell our fans where they can find your podcast. Dwight has a own podcast. I have my own podcast. It's called Above the Rim. The greatest podcast ever. We hear no evil. See no evil and speak no evil. You know, only thing we wanna do on this show is spirit positivity and love and give people an outlet, a chance to speak their truth and speak on their life and whatever they've been going through and just have a good time. You know, we've been doing this show for a couple months now and it's been booming, so Well thank you. Let's get to some hoops. Dwight, the Bucks. What's your panic meter for the Bucks? The Sixers and the Knicks?


Who should we be more panicked about? Well, we shoulda have been panicked about the Sixers when the season started, when Joel said he was not gonna play back the backs. Okay. That's what we shoulda have hit the padding button. Mm. Then shoulda hit the padding button when they got Paul George. What they getting Paul George for? Right. It just don't make sense. So I think they, they already then went to Minnesota Dam should have stayed over there in Portland. Portland. Oh, he should have went somewhere else. He wanted to come to Miami. Do I? They, I mean they, they, they purposely, I'm not, I don't, I don't know if it's purposely, I I would think after he gave you the years of service there and they didn't get it done, I would think you would wanna send 'em somewhere.


we want to play. I mean they shouldn't have goddamn that ain't Ain't how business work. That ain't how the business work. They're not gonna send you where you wanna play. They gonna send where they gonna get the best options for what they want. They ain't be about you at that point. You trying to get up out of there and they ain't thinking about you. They trying to think about what they can get in return. So I get it, but I just don't know about Milwaukee and Giannis and, and and Damien, I, I don't know, maybe need to switch up how they playing. Maybe they might need another center. I know one here in LA dancing. Right. Are you, are you surprised that the Bucks and the Knicks are struggling as much as they are? I am.


I thought the big bodega was gonna come out here and start serving food. He ain't, he ain't doing nothing right now and yeah, Nicks ain't ain't up par right now. They might need to add cho ocho. I can't, I can't. I got like 357 jobs right now man. I can't do nothing right now with them. Well you might can't help. Well Dwight, check this out for a stat. Per Tim Bon temp, Kat has allowed opponents to shoot 32 of 35, which is 91.4% in the restricted area this season. He gotta change his name. Kat ain't working.


You wanna call him? Call Anthony. He gotta, Hey, come on man. I thought he was go bear. But come on Kat. Come on Kat. Come on Kat. Kat gotta, he gotta, he gotta get right. I know it's early, I know it's a lot of expectations on him, but New York the center too and I know one You busy right, Right now. So tell us about that experience with Dwight. Tell us about the dancing witness stars. How did that come about? Well I've been trying to do it for the last three years and this year I had an opportunity to actually, I didn't have basketball going on and I had an opportunity. I hit up De and Katz who's the talent coordinator for, you know Dina?


Yes. Tell Dina what's going. She the goat. She the goat. But I hit her up and she said she was gonna try to do her best to get me on the season and I'm glad she did man. It's the best decision I made, you know, to come on the show. It's really helped me with so many things and not just my, my weight. Not just being in shape. My mental, you know, having a partner, you know, in the dance floor is similar to how you gotta have a partner in real life. You know how you gotta move through life. So it's really helping me in a lot of areas that, you know, maybe before I wasn't as best in like communication and stuff like that, but having this like one-on-one with your dance partner every single day we going eight, nine hours a day every day.


Yeah. Like this is every day. So, you know, I'm learning so much so fast and it's, it's the best thing that's happened man. Is it more difficult than you thought it would be? It's, but it's far, it's difficult because we're really dancing eight, nine hours a day. Like how could you dance that much? It ain't that much music seem like sometimes we'd be dancing too, but we be dancing all day and it's really got me in shape. Like I'm in basketball shape but I haven't run no sprints. I haven't done no, well I've been doing a lot of jumping. She had me jump over her almost every day just to get my legs and everything moving. So it's pretty good. Oh yeah.


OKC Chen Holmgren has a pelvic fracture. Ouch. The only, my only concern with him Dwight is that his height and he was so thin and when you a shot blocker, you know you gonna hit the, you know you gonna hit hit, you hit the quarter lot. Yeah, He gotta, he gotta gain some weight. Is it possible, do you think he can gain some weight? He gotta lay off the gas man. Oh Lord have mercy. I'm just sorry. Yeah, he can gain some weight. It's gonna take him a minute. This is what? Third? Third year? Third year in the league. It's gonna take some time. But I think, I don't think it's the weight that he gotta, he gotta worry about is how he's falling. Like sometimes he, you gotta learn how to fall just as you going up the block of shot or you gotta have your body stroking up to where you being the one that make the other people fall.


So. Right, right. I think another team that need a big, that need a vent, I ain't got no hip fractures. My hips actually loose as hell from doing all this dancing okc. So Dwight, you, you, you, you mentioned you wanted the, the Lakers, you like Lakers, you need a big ad is better at the four. I could come in and give you, you know, 15, 20 minutes a night if needed. You talk about the Sixers, you say the how many years, how many more seasons would you like to play? I think you're what at 17, 18? I'm at 18 Two. Okay, two would you like, would you like to get one or two more? You'd like to try to get that nice 2020 got a nice ring to it.


20 20 20 would be amazing. That's how long I wanted to play. That's that's, that was my dream when I first started. My goal was to play 20 years. Longevity is something that people don't even really talk about with a lot of athletes. Like they should, you know, it's a lot of players that done played for a long time and it, it takes a lot, it takes a lot of discipline, sacrifice to play as long as you know, I've been playing and guys like Brian KD 17, 18 years is a lot man. So I still got a couple more years in the tank and I think from doing the dancing with the Stars, it, it really done boosted that, you know, for me because I'm in great shape and I feel real good. So if a team need a big count me in, I'm here.


Dwight. What is the One thing? Because look, we've had a lot of conversations and I've told you this personally that I believe you should have been on the 75th anniversary team. What is it that the media gets wrong about Dwight Howard? What is it? Because they voted on this, You know who voted on this for real? Who? It ain't had nothing to do with the real media. You know, the people that voted on this. I think the whole voting thing was not right from the beginning voted out. Okay. Giannis was a person that voted players. Giannis was a part of the list. Shaq, who else?


It's a lot of people that I don't think should have been voting for these, you know, top 75 that should be on there. 'cause the first of all, no offense to none of those players that are on there, I think everyone is a great player, but I really think it's disrespectful that I was not on that list, you know, and I've, you know, played about not being upset and not, you know, but I feel like it's real disrespectful, you know? So you know, I would if I had that opportunity, you know, wanna come back and you know, put some respect on my name in that manner Because I'm looking at it. Dwight, you are an eight time all star, a two time block champ. A eight time all NBA five time all defensive, you are five time rebounding champ 2020 champion all rookie team, three time defensive player of the year.


Oh dog. And and you were the defacto number one. You got a team to the championship. A lot of, some of these guys didn't take a team to the championship. You took a team to the championship and you were the best player. I think one year you finished second in the MVP voting. Yes sir. But you were perennial a top five in your prime, your first seven, eight years in the league, seven, eight before, before you started having back issues you Thought As many as A I think that too. I think people just keep using that stuff as an excuse to try to say I wasn't, I didn't play good and stuff like that. Oh he, he got hurt. So this happened. I had back issues came to the Lakers and at the end of the season as 22 and 14 with back issues with a torn labor and still played the whole season with that.


I think it was just how the story was conveyed to everyone else. Oh, Dwight ain't taking the game serious. 'cause look, he's smiling on the court. Oh Dwight ain't serious because Kobe playing like this and this how he playing. So he ain't, he ain't trying to be like Kobe or none of the greats. Right. That's what they putting in people mind. And so people looking at that stuff and they going off that then how can you be a eight time or nine time all star, three time defensive player of the year, all those accolades and not take the game serious. it doesn make sense but if people hear a story over and over and over again, they're more apt to believe a lie than the truth. Right. You know what I'm saying? And I ain't a person that's gonna get out there and be like, man I did this, I did that.


I deserve that. The truth always gonna out outlast a lie. So I know what I done did on the floor. I probably didn't get the respect and all that the past couple years. But it's coming. I like it. Is there anything Dwight you wish, if there's anything, is there One thing or couple of things you wish you could change about your career thus far? What would you do? What are some of the things you would do over Dwight? I probably, with the situation with Orlando, I probably would've, you know, spoke out on it a little bit more instead of just being quiet about it. Just trying to, again, I allowed other people to speak for me, you know what I'm saying? Okay. And you know the situation in Orlando, all he wanted to leave to go to a bigger team and do that had nothing to do with why I wanted to leave Orlando.


You know what I'm saying? And they made it seem like it was about the fans. I wanted to leave 'cause the fans and it's no, I, I did my time there. We had some, you know, I felt like I wanted to go somewhere else and play and that's what I did, you know, and it just turned into a big, it just turned into something that it shouldn't have been. And you know, I ain't like that and I, I should have stood up myself, stood up for myself back then instead of just letting the media and you know, people just say whatever they had to say and go with that little narrative. The Cavs are 12 and oh dang. How serious, how serious should we take the calves Dwight?


That's a good question because a lot of teams start off hot but 12 and oh is tough. Yeah. Also they can sustain that. Who the coach did you, I'm Trying to think who the coach for the calves, you know they got, they got Mitchell, they got Garland, they got, they got SPOs. Yeah they got, they got Jared Allen, They got the feathers. Kenny Atkinson. Kenny. Okay. They, you gotta watch out for him. They got a good team. I like the bigs. I like the nucleus that they have. They Darius Garland. It's like a mini Kyrie. Right. He ain't, he ain't, you know, he ain't Kyrie. But if Kyrie had a little brother that watched him play his whole life and tried to be at like him, that's Garland and Mitch ain't gotta score 50 a night.


Now he got other guys that could, you know, score and you know, stuff like that. So they legit, What do you think the Laker ceiling is? Ad went out with that eye with a eye injury. He got hit in the eye again. I think DI think Dwight honestly I think he's gonna have to put the goggles on. Goggles on like Kareem and James Worthy. Yeah Man, I think he just gotta, he gotta switch his whole, his energy gotta change. He gotta bring that, you know like start showing like he, he got it, you know ad got it. You know it's like sometimes he bring, bring that ad, that championship ad and then sometimes it's just the regular Anthony Davis when he playing, when he on point, he's unstoppable and the rest of the team flow after that.


You know what I'm saying? So He been unstoppable this year. This is the best I've seen him play. Yeah, that's what I'm, well he at, at this pace all year. Nobody can stop the Lakers. He gotta be, I think the number one. I think he gotta be number one. Would you? He got, he got hit in the eye. He wouldn't have block the shot. He blocked the shot but y'all portal and he got hit in the eye and I think this is the third time that he got hit in the eye And he don't, he, he's made it known. He doesn't like wearing the goggles. He said it bothers him. I understand That. I understand him not wanting to wear the goggles. He gotta, he gotta at least don't let nobody come and duck put 'em on the ground one time. Ain't nobody come in there hitting him in the face no more.


He just probably gotta change up a little bit of that, you know. But other than that, put the goggles on. Be Kareem for a couple games, hit a couple hook shots, get to work. Come on. Ad we need to. What do you think, what do you think the Laker ceiling is this year? Well they can get, what's the boy from Japan to K What's his name? Ruy? Ruy. Oh, Ru. Oh, Ruy. Hoja. Yeah. Hot. Got a hot, come on. He gotta, Hey. Yeah I like, I like the move. Put Dlo on the bench. Have him come off the bench to give him some, give them some points off the bench because their bench was horrible.


Dwight, they were averaging like they were like almost last or next to last in bench production. Who Was coming off the bench for the Lakers? Who? Who was the, the 6, 7, 8 man. Well they had Cam Redish. Cam is in the starting lineup now. They had Max Christie, they had Dalton Connect. They need a dog. They need another dog. What you think Ocho OCHO in the bathroom right now? Well they need a dog. Not ocho. Ocho. They need a dog though. Who that? Who need a dog? The Lakers need a dog man. Oh yeah. They need somebody that's Gonna bring Dwight.


They got Jackson Hayes coming off the, they got Jackson Hayes, they got Sam, they got Gabe. Vincent Jackson an awesome player. He's an awesome player. I love him. But I'm talking about somebody that's gonna bring some force, like some fear. So when people coming down the lane, they ain't coming down the lane. They stopping to shooting jump shots or just some energy. I'm watching the games. I need more energy out of the bench. I need them up, I need them going. So yeah, Jackson going, he he gotta be a dog. He playing that five for ad. So if he gonna be that player, he gotta go get me some more blocks. He gotta get mean. I like it. I seen him do it. I ain't gonna even make no jokes because I seen him do it.


I know he can get mean out there. Victor Wiman. Yma produced his 12 career 30 point game as his first one of the season. What's his feeling? His first 30 point game of the season? He has 12 of them now. What's his ceiling? How good can we be Man? As good as his height. Hey for real. No women, the thing is he's seven five, he can do everything. What I need him to do though is get get to that basket more. He need to put everybody in the basket. He's seven, five. He don't need to be no pump faking in the pain who gonna block his shot but God. Right, right. For real. If he getting the paint, who, what is he doing?


He should put everybody in the basket that's gonna send a message to the league. Don't play with Wendy. Put him in the basket, send him home. Dunk on everybody. Break somebody's face dunking Chris Paul, let me run somebody over real quick. Going to the basket to dunk. I bet nobody else will get over under there again. Wilby Gotta put some fear in some people. I know it's his third year but this time he got a high ceiling man. He got a chance to be one of the ones RJ Barrett recognizes Jamie a Nestor at the Game of Thrones in the crowd. Dwight. Have you ever been playing and recognized somebody like damn you at the game you Watching? Yeah. Yeah. A lot of people didn't say I started acting like him.


We got a ref look like Gucci man. So I always be messing with him. James Williams, I think that's his name. The ref that look like Gucci. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But now at the games man I done seen so I remember Ena Arnold, I was a big fan of watching Martin Pam. Right. And I remember watching, yeah watch Pam at the game. I said yo Pam is at the game. Yeah. So that was probably like, yeah. This summer you announced you became part part owner of a Taiwanese basketball league as well as one of one of his teams. What's the experience like playing overseas? It's really the one of the most amazing experiences that I've had playing basketball.


These fans don't get an opportunity to see us live and in action. Like in America the fans are, you know, blessed to be able to go to these games. So you know, when you go overseas, my first game overseas, we sold out this arena that had never been sold out until Michael Jackson came. Hmm. Wow. So after the, my first season there, every game we had their sold out 18,000 plus just coming to the games, they don't care if I score one points. They don't care about none of the points. What they care about is the fact that I'm out there having a good time smiling and putting smiles on they faces. 'cause they got, they done seen me through the Superman dunking, all that stuff.


But just to be there in person, just to see all of us there in person, it's better than anything they could imagine. 'cause they never see that, right? So they would spend, they li we had, we got 90 year olds coming to the games. Like, I'm probably the most photographed person in Taiwan. I done took a picture with everybody. Wow. But, you know, it's fun, man. It just give you wings, it make you, it, it humble you. It, it lets you see a whole nother side of the world. The culture, the love that they exude, you know, how they live they life, you know, all those good things. And that's why I really love to travel. We started this league for that. So people in America, people in different countries get a chance to go play overseas. If they don't make it to the NBA, guess what?


It ain't the end all be all. It's still leagues out there still people out there who will be your fans, who will enjoy you Just come who? DeMarcus Ka GW Cook. We get more players. The tallest player in our league is taller than Wendy. He's seven. Seven. Wow. Guess what he from building? Nigga. Good. Have you ever heard of that place? No. Yeah, me neither. But they got a place called and where he from? And he's seven seven. He the tallest player that's playing basketball right now. He's from Malta, actually. He's from Malta, Italy. We playing on doing the episode of our podcast there to kind of highlight his life.


This dude was seven foot five, 13 years old. Damn. Wow.


Did you know there's no Tom at Tom's? The shoe company you know and love. Our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows this season embrace cozy comfort with Tom's, the family favorite footwear brand from Chic boots and everyday sneakers to wedges. And our iconic Alpr forgot slip-ons. Each pair of Toms is crafted with premium comfort At its core, our cloud bound insoles provide exceptional cushion, perfect for morning meetings, farmer's markets, and quiet moments at home. Enjoy features like ankle padding, cozy foer linings, and wide width options. So you can always feel like you're walking on Clouds Made for play. Our Kids line offers extra traction and easy on, easy off detailing a win for them, a win for you. Explore rich textures and autumn colors and hundreds of styles that compliment your fall wardrobe. The best part, when you buy Tom's, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date. And we're just getting started. Shop all your Fall Family footwear@toms.com.


Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything. Even this sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown Deep Fit. Will the owner of a red sedan please visit guest services. Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what choice Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC.


The all electric Chevy Equinox. EV combines everything you need when you're, you're ready to go. Ev Starting at 34,995. The 2025 Equinox VLT gives you an impressive balance of all electric range safety features for peace of mind and effortless technology, including the 17.7 inch diagonal display screen all at a price you'll love the Chevy Equinox. Ev is the fun to drive all electric SUV that gives you what you need to do exactly what you want. The manufacturer suggested, retail price excludes tax title, license dealer fees, and optional equipment dealer sets Final price. To learn more, visit chevy.com/equinox. Ev


Paramount plus is your home for the wait for Chambers League. The best Club soccer tournament is underway and it's bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer has a whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. There are some massive game coming up, including buy-in versus p and g on Tuesday, November 26th, and then Liverpool versus Raw Madrid on Wednesday, November 27th. If Champions playing champions and here in the States, it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Dream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the Wait for Champions League. And you can try it for free@paramountplus.com slash live sports.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Did you know the PayPal debit card now earns you 5% cash back in the monthly category of your choosing groceries, health, restaurants, beauty, gas, and apparel in up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Sephora, and Instacart. It's like having a little extra in your pocket. Every month I'm using PayPal debit card to earn 5% cash back on apparel. With my travel schedule, I'm on the go. Sometimes I have to buy clothes online. It's the new normal. Just Sign up for the PayPal debit card through the new app and you're ready to go. Download the new PayPal app. Sign up. Start earning 5% cash back today. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limits apply. See paypal.com/rewards pal. Cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spend per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. Na pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


The guy that Ja from the Game of Thrones is Jamie Lannister. I know Jamie, it was, it was misspelled. Oh, That's one of my favorite shows. Have you seen Game of Thrones? I have not. Dwight I have not. Come on Man. You gotta watch it. I don't like dragons. You don't like dragons? Nah, that's not real. Dragons aren't real. Nah. They want you to hang around for our last segment, our last segment of the night is q and a. Let's do, by the way, I got one of y'all Nightcap shirts too, man. Thank you. Appreciate that. Support Dwight.


Alright. Lanie Ray. Lanie Ray was at the bar the other night guys, so that's why she missed it. She hadn't been in a while, so she was at the bar one night, hung over so she couldn't get back to tonight. So here she is. Hey guys, this is a simple question but may be tough to answer. Can you choose this one smell that's your absolute favorite One smell. That's my absolute favorite. I'm gonna go with, I'm gonna go with Mason Franklin. It's MPK, it's MF, it's a cologne. It's called. Ooh. Oh, it's in a blue bottle. That's my, that's my scent. Ooh, Nice. What you got Ocho? My favorite scent is not even a cologne. It's like the smell of, what do you call it?


Like the petting zoo and you know the, the gasoline you put in Yamaha? Banes? Yeah. The the, the smell of that. Once you, when you, when you, when you rev it up. I know, I know. It's weird. Huh? You fry, Huh? No, I'm just talking. Nah, I, you know what I kinda like, I kinda like teak wood. I like Brazilian or mahogany wood candles. Okay, okay. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I'm about to say what you over there talking about? I not seeing you on your Instagram Live. There you go Dwight. There you go. Dwight Dwight. Dwight Dwight Dwight.


It's too soon, you see? Okay. Mahogany te wood. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Woo. Love that. Love that. Get you going. Dr. Frankie l Bella Bellamy. Unc. Now that you caught 25 with the 43 monkeys in South Carolina, what that said do you think would survive long in the wild? You Dwight or ocho? Me? Hold on, say that again. Which one of us? You Know there was 43 monkeys that escaped in South Carolina. They've captured 25 of them. She was asking if we were in the wild, who would survive longer? Me, you, or Ocho.


Well I think me and Ocho gonna survive you outta that. You ain't gonna have Michelle to help you. We can adapt to anything. Hey, I can adapt to anything and not eat anything. See, hey unc bougie if he, he ain't got no steak. Dwight, you grew up in Atlanta. Ocho you grew up in Liberty City. I grew up in the country eating animals that's gonna be out there and I know how to trap and know how to kill them. So I'm gonna starve y'all ass off to Alex. That's True. But they ain't got no weight room for you. So you gonna be upset all the time. We gonna be good. I can do pushups, I can do pushups from a do pull up. Alright.


The door saying, hey unc know I'm 22 years old and me and my baby mama just split after being together for five years and having a one year having 1-year-old girls a girl and advice for getting over it. I'm going through it right now. Ocho help him out. What? What, what do you want me to help him out? Yeah, You need to help get over in his situation. Yeah. Yeah. He was with his, he's 22. He had a, he was with his baby mama for five. They were together five years. They have a 1-year-old, They 22? Yeah. Yeah. Well he's 22. I don't know how old she is. Oh do I? Don't start me lying. But they've been together since he was 17. They now have a 1-year-old child together.


Yeah. And they split up and he says he's going through it. He needs to know how, How wanna be going through. He 22 years old. Hell a baby, you good man. You know when you, when you're young like that man, you in love man. You know? Yeah man, that ain't hard. I had my first baby at 22 and pause though. I had my first child at 22. So all that stuff he's saying he trick But you wasn't together with her Dwight for no five years. You right. That's a good point. That's some good point. Hey, hey. It's it's hard young. It, it is hard out there young boy. Man. Just, you gotta stay busy. You gotta stay busy. Do what you need to do. Especially for your child. Yeah. If, if things work out, sometimes they told me love is like a boomerang.


It'd always come back. No, listen, if it don't work, don't bring it back man. What did you do? Like a boomerang, Boomerang? Where the bible say that at? Huh? What the bible say? That, that must be the Nightcap Bible. Nah, nah, nah. In the in the, the book of Joe, the Old Testament. Don't say no dog on book of Job. Job ain't throw nothing in in Madison to come back. Yeah He did. I promise you D Talley said we was talking about a couple Dwight that they're not gonna go on their honeymoon. They spent 60,000 on the wedding. Yeah. And they were expecting to get gifts from family, friends and loved ones as far as monetary, but they only got $3,000 so they had to cancel their honeymoon because they didn't have enough money to book the tickets to fly to wherever they were going.


Said They couldn't spend that 60,000 on the honeymoon and flew around the world. They terrific. Yeah. And they shouldn't even did all that. They could have went to the courthouse. They had one of them judges do that. Take the 60 k go on the trip. Nah, they tripping. They ain't got no money. Start a GoFundMe account or make a OnlyFans. Get y'all wet money up. I'm just talking, First of all, who the hell you think gonna give y'all money in a GoFundMe account so y'all could go on a damn honeymoon? Well, who they thought was gonna bring gifts to the wedding That was they fault. Yeah, I agree. But you know, they were thinking that you don't owe, they gonna come in here, they gonna see this and they gonna give us a thousand dollars, a 500. They say somebody gave em $10. Dwight Good because that's what they shoulda gave him.


Why you gonna go to your wedding thanking people finna bring y'all gifts, Bri Break you off. Exactly. They deserve not to have no honeymoon. They don't even need a night camp. They need to go to sleep. Just like old boy who just had the baby where he was 22. Go to sleep. Jonathan Wat Watson says, Hey everyone, can I get a birthday? Shout out, turn 32 today. Also crackling Brand Oaks. I like those. Got to be on the best serial lift list for rough draft. Jonathan, happy birthday boy. Congratulations on turning 32. 32. Many more great years to come. Appreciate this support. Watching Nightcap man means a lot to us. Okay, here we go.


Hi Shannon. Dwight Ocho. This is from nicer. Since we talking crazy about food Ocho, can you give us an impersonation of Shannon eating skunk stew? I can't give Shannon eating sunk stew. Yeah, I ain't nobody eat no skunk. Don't eat everything bro. No, I ain't eat no skunk. I gave you the animals that I ate and if skunk wasn't on that list, What was the list? Let hear them. I can't give you no Raccoon. Raccoon turtle, squirrel, squirrel, turtle, squirrel. Rabbit, Rabbit. Michelle, you. Hey we your ass Dwight.


You feeling? You feeling good? You feeling good tonight? You came on with Thes. Alan Fletcher said love you guys. Oh, I applied for the assistant position. Doug reached back out. I'm here to help whenever, whenever, wherever you need somebody. I'll fly spirit. Ha ha ha. He said you have reached out to Doug Ocho. Doug has responded. So Yeah, Here we go with that. James Lee said Dwight ocho. Which current player players reminds you most of yourself on and off the field And in Your case Dwight the court. That's a good question. I don't know.


I don't, I don't know what they be doing off the court. I be in my own little both that that's a OCHO question. He got 365 jobs. Yeah. Oh sure. For me in the NFL? No, nobody, nobody is quite as, as flamboyant or boisterous or in your face. But my, my my NBA comparison would probably be Anthony Edwards. I could see that. Can see that. I kind of looking like too with your, you kind of look like KG right now mixed with Anthony Edwards. Yeah.


Yeah. I agree. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I mean the tight ends don't really talk no smack. They don't really talk like, like I did Ocho don't nobody really talk like that. None of The receivers talk the way I did. Like I purposely like purposely talking shit on Wednesday through the media to give the other For sure the board material. Sending other teams gifts before the games. Like it ain't, it is different. Man Trainer. You was talking shout, you was talking crap during the game. Hell yeah. Was I what? Yeah. It seem like you would just be saying I didn't know anything about those skill back then. Oh, I was covered with that heat Dwight.


I saw you two. Brandon Martinez. Hey, have OCHO paid you your 2K? No. Huh? Pardon my ass. I What? What you said You have not paid me my money. Oh, because The, the bank was closed today. It was Veteran's Day. Okay. But You, you normally that on you that ain't nothing old, old player like yourself. We ain't nothing. You right, you right by that. You right by that. You know Andy White man, thank you for stopping by man. We really appreciate that man. Thank you for your support. Thank y'all for having, I'm sorry, I know you're saying just one more thing. Both of us, man. Tomorrow is the show. Me and Danny will be performing.


Everybody could get a chance. Watch it. We go on tomorrow 5:00 PM eight, I mean eight o'clock Eastern time. 5:00 PM Pacific Time. Y'all should check us out. And I think Oto, you'll be real good at doing Dancing With the Stars. I think you are right. I was on, I was on, I was on season 10 with Cheryl. You know what you was, I got, I I saw the picture today. Yeah, at the, where they do the, the fitting at. They got your picture in there. Yeah. Ocho Ocho got second right? Don't Came in third. Yeah. Yeah. You gonna do it next?


Who? Huh? You Out there? You out there kill it though. No, I'm busy. Lift no weight. No. Yeah. Hey Dwight man. Thank you. Hey, good luck on everything you're doing. Good luck with Dancing with the Stars and hopefully you get that call from an NBA team said, Hey Dwight, we need you. Give us 10, give us 15, 20 minutes tonight. Let's go. I be ready. Thank y'all, man. All right. Appreciate It bro. Appreciate y'all. Thanks Ocho. Yo, Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap.


As you watch the Dolphins get, go to three and six and the Rams fall to four and five as the Dolphins take down the Rams on Monday Night Football 2315. Thank you for joining us for Nightcap. I'm your favorite uncle Shannon Sharp. He is 85 bingo ring of Fame artery, the legendary pro bowl of the All pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him ocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. And guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We have it in stock. The holidays are right around the corner. You got Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Year's.


And to make sure that thing is festive, hey, order your bottle of Shea by La Porter. If you can't find it in a city or state near you, we'll ship it directly to your home. Please go follow my media company page on all its platforms, Sheha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We had a drop last month. I was held when I was well and I'll lie for you before I lie to you. We dropped those in a T-shirt, black Nightcap hoodies and by popular demand. Stay with me now. It's also in a hoodie. And of course our bestsellers, unc and ocho ts are back and we have it in black. So thank you guys for your support. Quantities are limited. Make sure you grab yours while supplies last.


And because it's, and we want to honor the veterans that have, that are currently serving or that have served Use Code veterans and get 20% off. Again. Use Code Veterans 20 for 20% off your purchase and that that is an order that is until tomorrow morning again, the Dolphins beat the Rams 2315. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm he's Ocho will see you on Wednesday. The. Volume.


Hey, it's Kevin Hart in this basketball season. Chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Five. Your seats. I appreciate the support people Eat that pretzel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save on tagline. Cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what's yours. Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC.


What?


What's Pop And Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play. If You turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


ODU is business management made so simple. a kid could explain it. Sometimes Business software can't talk to other programs, but odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So. you should use ooo because they save you money. ODU makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now at Odoo dot com. That's OD o.com. Good job, Thanks.


Hey listeners, have a gamer on your holiday gift list, but you're still not sure what to get them. Head to Lenovo to shop unexpectedly great deals on tech this season. Gift your number one player with a brand new pc. Help them go beyond performance and game without compromise. With Intel core I nine processors, gaming happens with Intel. Shop now only@lenovo.com.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer attorney is underway and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. There are some massive game coming up, including Byron versus PSG on Tuesday, November 26th, followed by what is likely to be the biggest matchup of this stage. Liverpool versus Real Madrid on Wednesday, November 27th. Stream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the Uafa Champs League. You can try it free today@paramountplus.com slash live sports.