
On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker, Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed, starring Michael B. Jordan Comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride Shot with IMAX Film Cameras Centers arrive only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without Parent.


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your Sunny Days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana, that's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A Day of Sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discovers accepted at 99% of places to take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now It Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nissen report,


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. We get the best start to the day because we started together. Watch the Today Show weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC. The Volume,


the NBA 82 Game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the hot stakes, drama, clutch moments, and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting, draft King Sports book has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playing games all the way through the finals, now it's time to back your favorite player and teams as they go. Chase Glory. All season long DraftKings has been your go-to spot for NBA player props and that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30, 40 or even more? It's your call ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app now. Lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for you. First timers new draft King customers bet $5 and get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 instantly. And bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned into. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweep details And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


The seven Seed Warriors are favorite over the Rockets to win the series per draft. King, the Warriors are minus one 90, the rockets are plus 1 55. Are the Warriors a lot to beat the Rockets? I'm not sure if they're a lot now we going off experience then obviously You know they got Houston on that. Houston got youth on their side and they gotta use the advantage man. They gotta make them guys work. But You know when you got guys like Jimmy Butlin, Draymond Green, and obviously You know Steph Curry, it's gonna be tough to beat them man. They got them role, them role players around them playing great basketball. So it's gonna be, that's gonna be an interesting series.


It's a lot of series I'm looking forward to and their rockets and, and Golden fate is going to be one for the ages. Yeah. Having But here the thing that concerns me about the Rockets, who's your go-to guy, right? They haven't been, they haven't been in this, the Warriors have been in these situations. Steph knows what it's like to play championship basketball to get ready to win a title. Draymond has been there, he knows what it's like. Jimmy Butler hadn't won but he's taken team to the NBA finals. He knows what it's like and their role players now. I don't know what's going on. Minga didn't really play Moody got the assignment. Yeah, right. So it's gonna be very, very interesting because you play with a team that understands what is, what these moments are about and what they're like versus a team that's extremely athletic.


I'm, excuse me, Smith and you got Dilon Brooks and you got Jalen Green, you got Van Fleet, you got Apple S Goon. He's real. Yeah, yeah. Draymond gonna have his hands stuck with him now. Hey them boys playing and them them rockets, they playing hard, man, You know, inmate Yoka, he gonna have 'em ready now. They ain't gonna be scared of nothing. No. They gonna come out, Compete and You know, I think the fact, I, I think the fact that they are young Joe is why you can't, you can't have 'em have 'em as a law. They play, they play on both ends of the court and I think the pressure for them, especially when you're that young, you just out there playing basketball, you just out there playing basketball. You're just out there having fun and doing what you need to do. And I think they have the Warriors to win, obviously not, not only because of Steph but because of the experience.


They've already been there before but it's, it's gonna be a good series. A very, very good. They got A, they Got a whole, I think it's going to seven two now They but Joe, they got a, so they got a whole serve at home. Yeah. Talking about the Rockets, the Rocket gotta whole serve. They do, they do because that's gonna be the confidence booster if you can win the first two games at home and then have to travel to, You know, golden State to, You know, to try to get a win. But man, I I, I just like the Young Rockets team, they play hard, they're fearless and You know, they know what it's like to play the Warriors and because they played 'em pretty well this year.


Yeah. Hey, hey Joe. Unc if they, if they come out the gate in general and win the first two games at home, well it can get spooky. It can get spooky. The One thing, the one thing about the Warriors, the Warriors won't panic though because they've been here. I remember a couple years ago they went down to Sacramento and they had to go to Sacramento and win game seven and Steph Curry had one of the great all time performances. He dropped 50 on them in a game seven. Yeah. So the Warriors are not, look, you lose the first two games on the road. All they did was hold serving home. The, the series doesn't start until the road team wins a game. So all Houston would've done is protect their home.


They did not let the Warriors come in and invade their territory. So we kept 'em at bay. Now can we make an advancement into their territory by stealing a game at home? Mm. Now rockets are saying all we gotta do is just hold, serve a home. If we went all for a home, we advance. The Warriors are saying we gotta get, we gotta find a way to get one. All we gotta do is get one at home, get one on the road. And I think, and we like our team and I think that first game for the Warriors will be probably one of the best games for 'em to get because they young team in Houston, You know, having to understand you're the two seed. You, you are the one being hunted.


Like you gotta understand and know how to protect that. And you can't wait to see what the intensity is gonna be like before you have to rev it up, like go to state. They gonna already know so they know. Yeah. The rockets, they, they cannot lose on their home floor. They gotta protect, they gotta protect their house and I think it's gonna be a, a hell of a series. Yeah. Golden State say we already played the playoff game we Memphis, that was, even though it doesn't go towards anything, but that was a playoff type atmosphere because hey, the one thing we didn't want to do was falling out, we are out. So hey let's just go ahead and make it live on ourself. And plus I think they like their chances better against the Rockets than they do before.


Absolutely. Absolutely. Hey listen, listen, I think they definitely will take the Rockets because You know, they, they they know and understand the moment and they know that the Rockets will be a little inexperienced even though they're gonna play hard and they definitely gonna make it competitive. But You know, the Rockets definitely got the, I mean the Warriors definitely got the team who I think they were seeking out to get in the playoffs. Mavs beat the Mavs beat the Kings one 20 to 1 0 6 ad and Clay combined for 50 points as the Mavs blow out the kings. The game really wasn't that close at any point in time and be 14 points at one point in time they had up as many as 24 points. Joe, I'm gonna ask you this.


Did tonight win redeem Nico Harrison? Does he make, does the Maverick fan say, You know what, he ain't that bad to all he gave us, what'd he give us? 27 9 3 blocks of assist to steal plus 10 and a plus minus 27, 9 and three. We can live with that. It's all well in Dallas after they advance to face the Memphis Grizzlies for a chance to be the eight seed and face the KC thunder. Now I I don't think it's all well in Dallas. It was a good, it was a good performance by ad, but I kind of feel like the ma they gonna get cheated this year, man. They, they don't have Kyrie, You know, who was out with a ACL injury and You know, at some point even maybe next game, they, they need guys like him who can take over, create havoc on offense and put guys in the right position.


So I think it's gonna be tough, man. They, they still got their work cut out. They gotta play against Memphis. In Memphis, right? Yep. Memphis. Hey Memphis can't lose that game, man. It it, that's gonna be a good one. But lemme ask you this, are you concerned about the help of Ja now we saw him hurt that ankle. He say it out for a significant amount of time he tried to come back in, but You know, you've had that in probably had that injury where you go to shoot a shot, you land on someone's foot, ankle, you roll your ankle. How sore is he going to be? Is there enough time between they played last night you had Thursday off and you play tomorrow and you play, you have tomorrow off and then you'll play.


Yeah, he, he young, he gonna heal up quick. You know, if that was me that me and you having to spray egg it going take us about three weeks to a month to get back. So he, he, You know, he gonna bounce right back. He gonna be ready to go. He, he understands the moment I think and knowing that it's in Memphis, I'm sure he is not gonna wanna let them fans down. So I expect y'all to put on the show, man. Ocho this game Dallas Mavericks, they win one 20 to 1 0 6. Anthony Davis, I mean they got contributions everywhere. AD had 27, PJ Washington had 17, clay had 23. This is what got, they got high off the bench. Dante Exum had 11. Brandon Williams had 17 in 18 minutes.


Five or six from the four three or four from the three point line four and four from the free throw line. The bench was very, very good for the Dallas Mavericks to overcome. DeMar de Rosen had 33. Zach Levine had a quiet 20. They didn't get the count of production they normally get from Diona. He only had 11, 13 and five. But he normally somewhere around 17, 18 give you that. And they needed that tonight. But Dallas go on the road to Sacramento and win this game. Ocho what did you like about what you saw from Dallas? I mean this is exactly what you expected them to do. You, this is exactly what you expect them to do. Obviously the fans have been mad about the trade and ad A 80 coming in, Luca leaving, Luca coming in town to remind you why I should have stayed.


But all this is for the Dallas fans and the organization for the, for the Mavericks as well as is you put a bandaid on the bandaid on the gash. That's all it is. This is what you're supposed to do to Sacramento. So what you're gonna see is later on down the line, when it comes time for a seven game series, things are gonna be a little different. You don't ha you don't have Kyrie, he's hurt. Most of the bulk of everything's going to be on 80 to have to, what, what's the word I'm looking for? Be a score a 30, a 32 or 35 to be able to leave that team to another series which Luke was able to do with Kyrie. I don't Think you gonna be able to do it. Yeah, you definitely need, and Joe, you can speak to this in the playoffs, you need a guy that you can put the ball in his hands and he can go get your foot.


Yeah, that's, and it's nice to have that as a guard because you don't have to get him the ball. He can come get the ball, bring it up and Kyrie can descrip it. Right. Kyrie can get his shot from anywhere he can finish in the paint given that he's not a, an above the rim player but his layup package and his ability to handle and create a shot for himself or someone else second to none is second to none. Yeah. And so to that which going on the road now you look at Memphis, they got Triple J who did not have a great performance the other night. Ja was good. Desmond Bain played unbelievable. The Pippen Jr. Played really well. What does Dallas have to do to go in and to create a similar performance to what they had tonight?


A d gonna have to be dominant. He gonna have to be dominant man. He gonna have to put up big numbers in order for them to win. I know they pretty much play by committee by committee. You know, clay got off to a pretty good start tonight. You know, he's trying to borrow really well. Yeah, but they definitely, they got guys who can put up numbers now they got guys come off their bench who can definitely chip in and help. But I think with their size they gonna give, they gonna give Memphis some problems. Little well though, You know, they, that's, that's why ad's able to kind of roam. 'cause he got lively and gas down there to kind of clog up the paint, You know what I mean? Yep. And he, and he gets to play when Lively's on the four. He always gets to play for the most part. He gets to play the four which he loves to play because when you have lively you bring in a Daniel gaffer, you are right.


They're a big team. You look at PJ Washington goes about six eight, lively goes about six 11 or seven foot ad goes six 10. Daniel Gaffer 6 9, 6 10. This is a very, very big ball club. And so the front line and they challenge a lot of shots. They had eight blocks tonight, ad had three, Gafford had two. And so You know nothing. Hey simple laws me the playoffs, nothing, nothing cheap man. Hey, nothing easy you come to play. I gotta put you down. I'm sorry but, but what? Memphis, Memphis got JJ and big eating Eden down there, You know they, they gonna cause some havoc as well. But I do expect Ja to really put on a, a pretty good performance because they gonna need him.


They gonna need his leadership, You know, definitely on the court for them to be able to continue and whoever wins the game. Oh they got whole KC not your prize. Huh? You got KC you gonna be in for a fight. What? Hey. Yeah. Are you surprised that Spencer Denwitty, who's been a major contributor, he only got two minutes of mop up duty tonight. I was surprised they went with Exo as opposed to Spencer Dinwitty. What is it that you think Js kid saw that he says, You know what, the minutes that we normally give Dinwitty, we're gonna give those minutes to Exo. 'cause he played 19 minutes and he was in, he had 11 points.


4 4 1 of three. One of one from the two three point line and two made both of his free throws had three rebounds, had what? Two, six assists a steal. He bring good energy. He bring good energy to the table. I think Dan Whi is more of an offensive threat and X him. Yes, X him gonna come in and he gonna be more of an X factor. He's gonna play hard defensively. Right. He gonna knock down the shots if he open, especially in that corner. So I think he probably just leaned a little more on eczema probably. 'cause he had a little bit more confidence in him than that. And plus he's looking to get everybody involved as opposed to Spencer dwi to looking to get everybody trying to get self every trying to get into his bag.


Yeah. Yeah. Get what he said. I'm paying for a contract, bro. Keep it, keep it, keep it a buck with you. Oh yeah, I'm trying to get this contract. You are right when you, I think the thing is with Ededie, look, he reminds, I, I think the thing is when you look at Memphis, when they were at their best, they had, what's the guy, what's the guy? The big guy they had, he just traded him to Houston. Adams. Adams, yeah. Big Steven Adams. Yeah. Jah was tremendous in the pick and roll. He gave the Adams gave them extra opportunities. Zach Dy can do that, but Z but, but Zach is gonna have to be more, he's gonna have to be a little bit more active because I think he's a better offensive weapon.


He was player of the year, no matter what you think of him, his game college game compared to the NBA, he was a player of the year. He was an all American. And so he has the offensive skills. Now it is not condu, You know, him shooting threes, but around the rim, I'm not so sure they run a whole lot of plays for him. He's not a guy that you run a, you want, you want 14 points, get it off, there you go. You going to get it off the rim. Because the thing is, well, having him on the floor, they gonna keep him in picking rolls, You know what I mean? Because he's probably gonna play, pay, play back a lot of the times he's not gonna be up to the pick and right. For, for, for, for the guards, You know, that's definitely essential for them trying to get to the basket and just create opportunities for everybody on the squad.


That's where Kyrie would be extra beneficial because you play, you put it in to pick and roll and You know, he doesn't want to hedge and he doesn't have the lateral, he doesn't have the lateral quick or the, excuse me, quick quickness or to be able to drop back. So Kyrie like, oh yeah, this, yeah, he, he, if Shaq would say barbecue, kick jumpers, floaters passes like it, it'll be, it'll be a pretty exciting to see. But like I said, they got other guys in their team who are able to, who are capable of having big nights. So even winning you a game in the playoffs and that's what you need. Yeah. Nick Marshall did a lot of handling the ball tonight. They let Clay bring it up early, but Nick Marshall was really in charge.


I thought Exim coming in gave him a boost of energy. As you mentioned, Brandon Williams was sensational. He's been, he was absolutely sensational. 17 points at 18 minutes, he got it and got it going early. And a lead that was like eight, nine all of a sudden became 18, 19, 20. Yeah. What's what's his name? Na Najee. Oh, Najee Marshall. My bad. Najee Marshall. I thought you was talking about Brandon Williams. I'm like, I I've seen Williams. Naji Marshall, he did a lot of ball handling, but he's not, he's not a natural point guard. He's not a natural facilitator. No. And I think that gets a lot of teams because oh, he can handle the ball.


Just 'cause you can handle the ball doesn't mean you can run an offense. And I think we saw that with the Phoenix sons because Booker Yeah. Book can handle the ball. But book is a dude you look at, you go back and look at the sons and study 'em. They work best win when they had CP three. You get everybody. Hey Katie, you can get that shot right there. Yeah. Hey book. You can get this right here. Stop pretending. Just because somebody can handle the ball, they can run an offense. Those are two different things. Yeah. Handling the ball, running an offense. It's just like a quarterback. Oh, Joe, You know, Hey, he could throw the ball. No. Katie running offense. Nah, Go ahead Don. Joe, what'd you wanna say? Nah, I just, I just came back from using Wash me Wash your hands.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. My bad.


On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride shot with IMAX Film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without Parent.


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny Days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana, that's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A Day of Sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and Select Markets Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. This Is today. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. When things are tough, we talk about it. When there's something to figure out, we dig into it. And when there's joy, we celebrate It because today is where it's all happening. We get the best start to every morning because we start it together. Watch The Today Show with Savannah three and Craig Melvin, weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC


Oh Joe. There's been one constant. Do the entire Luca Dante trade fiasco is that Nico Harrison and the mouse container makes some worse PR decision imaginable. Nico said he has no regret in the Luca trade. When you look at this trade, we targeted ad with our philosophy of defense wins championships. We wanted a two-way player that could lead our team and that was Anthony Davis. Everyone's gonna have the criticism, and I'm not sure what Mark Cuban said, but that's a better question left for him. But we got what we wanted. Mm. My obligation is to the Dallas Maverick, it's what's best interest of the Dallas Maverick. What, and that's what's the most important thing. Some of these decisions are going to be unpopular, maybe to dur and maybe to some fans.


But my obligation is to the Dallas Mavericks. Is he trolling at at this point? No, but actually he should stop talking about it. I he's making, he's making it worse. I'm not, I'm not sure what his angle is. I'm not, I'm not sure what it is. For the betterment of the future of the Dallas Mavericks. You wanna make the right decisions long term. Letting Luha go to the Lakers is not making the right decisions by the fans or the Dallas Mavericks owners organization. Now, I'm not saying that there's nothing wrong with ad, but I mean, look, when you talk about longevity and wanting to keep your job based on the decisions that you make for the betterment of the team, it would've been keeping Luca there.


But that's not his. But at the end of the day, that's not his call. That's ownership's call. And the Dumar family said, okay, mark Cuban just tweeted, what did he tweet? He called him stupid or something. I guarantee you, I guarantee He said Dirk is the Dallas, is the Dallas Maverick. They're nine forever. No one should ever forget that. That statue will forever, will, will be here forever. Loyalty never fades. Tomorrow night, 15 guys will put on a Maverick's uniform and they'll do everything they can to win for themselves, each other, and the fans. Our squad busted their, You know what?


Fight through incredible adversity, they have res my respect and support should have everyone's, I'm a Mavs fan. I'll always love and cheer for everyone who puts on our uniform tomorrow night and however many games we have left in the season. And ever in the future, whether I'm in the stands or in front of the TV or following every play online, my heart and soul is committed to rooting for our Mavs to win. That will never change. I know fans are upset, but don't be upset at the players. Support them root for them. Rally behind them. I don't know what ml what is that?


Okay, well what Ash said, Mavs fans for life. Hashtag Mavs fan for Life. Man, that was so, that was so pc. I thought he, I thought he gave something, You know, truth on based on the decisions that was made. Damn. Look, he called, he called, he's upset because Nico called out. Dirk may, maybe Dirk is upset. Oh, okay. Maybe the fans are upset. Right. And he's looking at like, bro, if you a part of the, You know, Dirk Ain is is kinda like Ocho is kinda like, if you were to call out somebody from Cincinnati Yes sir. Or when I call out somebody from the Bronco Right.


Or the Ravens. It's a little different. We played there. People still remember, You know, your number 85 is up, my number 84 is up. Right. People remember what I did in Baltimore. So it's a little different Right. When it comes from you As somebody else criticizing a guy that played here. Right. Okay. Like he said, Dirk is the legend. Right? 20, 20, 20. What di play? 20 seasons, 20 seasons or 21, 20 seasons. Ooh, same uniform, never left. Have an opportunity to lead, get get bigger paydays. He said, nah, this is my home. Yeah. And so Nico, my recommendation 21, my, my my Yes Ocho just let it go.


Fans are gonna be upset. Fans are gonna be upset. Yeah. And, and especially because it's still so fresh. Yeah. Time let time let time pass and You know, you'll be okay. But don't, don't mention anymore. You're not gonna, I I you can't, you are not going to make these people, these fans forget. And no matter how much you say you won an an Anthony Davis, you targeted Anthony Davis and we want be a two-way team. Yeah. Because defense win championships, fans ain't really trying to hear it. He ain't trying to hear that man. Ain't no You gave a guy away when you traded a guy that was there. He came here at 18 Dallas was all he knew. Yep. Those fans, Lucas, all they knew and now they don't have him anymore.


And We know what he does on the court, but I don't care nothing about all that other stuff. And you say at some point the fans will forget. They will never forget because there's a type of player that the Lakers got. They understand Luca will always remind them. Dallas, Nico Collins. Yep. And the owners on what they did based on his plate in la. And they're gonna always resent that because he ain't going to be the superstar that they had. He ain't gonna always remind them, this is what you let go every single year In every game that he had. Like he had that game when he went back. Yeah. He dropped 45 back in a fool like that.


That should have been that. She should have been dropping that 45 on the Lakers for us. You saw the other night he had 39 against the Houston, I think the Rockets and he didn't play the fourth quarter. So when you see him go off of those type performances, you're like, What are we doing? And ad look ad is a phenomenal player. Ad is a, is an all 75 player. He's been an all NBA selection. He's been an all star. He's been an all star game. MVP. Right. He's won a title. He's not fettuccine but not Luca, not Phoenix. His son fired Boin hold them. Yeah. The sons became the third team in the NBA history to start the Season eight one or better and missed the playoff.


Mm. They joined the 1970 Detroit Pistons and the 2000 1 0 2 Milwaukee Bucks. KD is looking to leave the sons Ocho who should be held accountable for the sons failures. Well, You, you look at, before KD got there were the songs playing well, were they failing before KD got there? Probably got there what day? They was in the NBA in the NBA finals. NBA finals. When They lost to in 21, they lost to the Bucks and in the NBA finals. And then they lost in the what?


They beat the clippers one year without the year they went to the finals. Mm. The next year they beat the Lakers and then they, then they lose two the sons. I mean the, the nuggets Next. Least they, once the, they They lost to Luca To Dallas. They was the number one seed that ended up losing to Luca. I, I you, you, You know it when when it comes down to it, I'm assuming you can, some of the blame does go go on the player. Some of the blame can go on Kevin Durant. I'm not sure how much of it you can put on one individual player when collectively, obviously there is a group of five that have to play and had to gel together.


You think, obviously when you have these super teams for Bradley Bill and Devin Booker and Kevin Durant coming together, you expect the results obviously show on the court. Obviously the maturation, it didn't work. The relationship between him and Bullen, how do you say Coach's name? Bulldozer. Bulldozer Ob Obviously things didn't work, especially the way it started out. It started out really good. Obviously eight and won. But You know, not making the playoffs or playing for that matter. I mean it's, it's, it is horrible. Everybody has to be held accountable, obviously. Most of the, most of the, the criticism and the critiquing and we'll go to the superstar players, especially one of the greatest scorers of all time. So I guess he can, he can, he can he he can, he can take that criticism.


Obviously them not making the playoffs. He's, he's a, he would be a part of the problem if he wasn't part of the goddamn solution for that matter. I mean, this is the fourth coach in four years. They fired Marty Williams. They fired who? The Lakers coach Vogel. Who's the Vogel? Vogel? They fired Bud. They could fired Bud. Yeah. They about to be on their fourth coaches now Bud got three more years at 10 million. Vogel had had several years at, at like 8 million. And I know my, my issue has a, has tons of money.


But you gotta you gotta stay the course a little longer than a year. Yeah. And, but that's the problem when it comes to people. You gotta stay. When, when it comes to owners, when obviously in life, in life, the way they fix things. Most of the time when you, when you see a pattern like this, when you keep firing coach after coach after coach after coach it, sometimes you just throw money at it and you think it fixed the problem. That's how it works in the business world. When it comes to the sports world. You throw your money at it and then you allow it time to manifest. Let it marinate for a little bit until it can jail. Until it all works out. I believe. All all, I think the only player that's gonna be there is Devin Booker.


Yeah. He's the player that started there. I think KD iss gonna be gone. Bradley Bill's gonna be gone bigger now. Bradley Bill's a little bit more tougher than KD for the simple fact. Bradley Bill has a no trade clause. So he has to, he has to sign off on where you're going to send him. Yeah. Kd You know, they're gonna be a lot of teams, but you gotta replace what you gave up. Yeah. You gave up a bunch of first round tickets and players. Well, you, You, you're saying replace, you won't, you will never get the value of what you got for Katie. But you can't get something. Yeah, well you gotta get you, well you gotta refill the coffers up. You gotta get draft capital back. Right.


It's tough, man. It's tough because KD played for now, he came half the year with Mon, they fired Monty after the season. Yeah. Hired Vogel. Fired Vogel hired Zer fired him. Now they're about to be on their fourth coach, but KD won't be there up under him. I think book stays. I think book is the only piece that stays. They're gonna try to move, but that's what happens. People just think it's more to building a team that's putting three guys that can put the ball in the basket. Right. And that's what everybody say. Just oh, oh kd. Oh book man. KD gonna give you 27 book gonna give you 27 Bradley. Bill gonna give 27. Okay, that's fine. Well and good until they don't do that.


Yeah. Because they don't fit the pieces don't fit O Joe. Right. And You know, when you think about it, obviously young, you, you, you say those names, you say those names and understanding what they can do, You know, being able to score at all three levels. Put the ball on the floor, catch and shoot, pop and shoot, whatever it may be. I'm thinking, well, hell man, they finna be boy, they gonna be, they gonna be animals. Yeah. It, it, it be the same Thing. If you put Chase, Jefferson, and Tyreek all on the same team. You got one ball. Hey one ball. Hey listen, just the thought of that. Hey. Yeah, just The Thought of that. Strike Up the band And see you look at the Patriots, the pieces always fit.


One guy got a, got a lot of mostly the catches and then everybody fit in after that. Right. But you get kd who's, who's kd, he's an MVP Finals. MVP four times scoring chain. Right. Okay. He really doesn't need the ball. Bradley be and Booker, they need the ball. But what they needed, see they put, they shifted a book to the point he can play it, but book's a two. He don't need to be initiating, no offense. Right. If you look at book, he had his best years. He had CP three. CP three was a facilitator. Right. CP three knew how to get everybody where they wanted the ball, where they needed the ball to be the most important. Right. But when you have all this, you got $150 million in payroll with three guys.


Ocho something gotta go. Yeah. You got, you got, Hey, you got this big fancy house. You buy a big fancy house and you on a budget. Well guess what? Be like O Shannon Sharp ain't had nothing but the TV in, in the bed, in the bedroom. Come to the house age, you'll, you'll be sitting on the floor like Indian style. That's all I got for you. That's what I had. That's, that's all I had. I overextended myself. I got a house. Right. That was outside of my budget. Right. So it wasn't no sense to me going more over budget and putting furniture, a whole bunch of furniture in there. I got a bed and I got a tv. That's it. Lemme tell you how long ago this been Ocho I know you didn't know this, but Mitsubishi used to make tv.


I remember that. I had a Mitsubishi, huh? Yeah Sure did. Y Mitsubishi. Yep. I ain't Heard that in a long time either. Oh, it, it was a, it was a tube. It was a tube tv. You know, I didn't have, I ain't have the money put no. With a knob, You know, back then Yeah. With the knobs TVs that went on the wall with 10, 15, $20,000 baby. I said, oh no, listen, put this thing up on, put this thing up on the chair. I can see because You know, we growing, we put it on a chair phone. Boo. You had a little tv We put, or you had the big floor model that what they call it, floor model. Yeah. We put, we put our TVs OB obviously at, at at grandma place. We had the crates. Remember the crates?


The crates that the milk came in. Yeah. Yeah. Milk crate. Yeah. Egg crate milk crates. Yeah. We put, we, we put All, we put all right on the crate. Oh, you had a floor model. Tv O ojo floor. Model tv. Well, that was big. Might showed the picture. Yeah. Big. But they have no sound. Right. The Lulu one had the sound. See how we do that Ocho See how we did that right there. Get us all one more floor. Model tv. Y'all remember Sony Sylvania X Model? Hey, my, my grandma had the big zenith in our Room. RCA remember with the RCA with the megaphone with the dog. Yeah. Hey, that sto back. Hold on. I bet you remember the satellites though. The big satellites. Oh yeah. In your yard. Yes. Yes. Yeah. My granddaddy had one of the big old satellites. Yes.


Yes. I I remember that light yesterday. Oh, that's, but it, it is because every, I mean, if you go back and look at the beginning of the year, the, the, the sons were 20 to one odds to win the NBA title. Mm. They had better odds than everybody damn near everybody except probably Boston. Yeah. Ah, that's Crazy, man. It's, it's, it's just, it's, it's a, it's a bad, it's a, it's, I don't know, but where, where does, where does KD go? Miami, Because You know, I'm old. You know, I'm always say Miami. Now obviously they're gonna have to give, what What are y'all gonna give up to get him? I, I don't know. That's not my, that that's of the Pat rally, Mickey sson.


I'm, I'm not sure what that looks like, but as long as we keep ba we going to be all right. I think in finding some other pieces that we can get from somewhere else. We got, we gotta have some, but I'm just, I think it would be great. It would be a great place. I think KD might have a house down here. I'm not sure. I've seen him down here numerous times. Man, you got that kinda money. You got a house everywhere. Yeah. But hey, hey, listen. IK do k do it quite well for him himself. Yeah. Yeah. I, I just, I just listen, I, I we need a star. We need to do what the Lakers do. Always find a way to pull one out our, we're getting ready to curse. I'm not gonna curse. Pull one out our hat. We need to do that. Pat Riley used to do that just to get, just have you seen the attendance at the games uncle?


It's not, it's not what it, it's not what it should be. Especially, First of all, they don't come to, they don't come till late anyway. Yeah. Y'all don't be there to talk. I look, I done been to Miami Heat Game. I went for the championship game. Yeah. And, and at the start of the game, I'm like, well damn. Yeah. Do y'all really know this is the NBA finals? Yeah. Yeah. You right. You right. You right. And remember they was leaving in that game six before Ray hit the shot. Yeah. And hell hap and Rita Had him. Yeah. And they tried to come running back in, Tried to come back in. Nah. No. That ain't gonna happen. I'm trying to say, I, I'm, first of all, there're only a handful of teams that have the draft capital that they're gonna need to get kd. Right. And the question is, are they willing to break it up? What team? KC has the capital.


Who? KC Thunder. They got like 13 first round hits. Hey, can you imagine? Can you imagine SGA and Kevin Durant? Yeah. We said the same thing about Devin Booker and Kevin Durant. There you go. We said that we, we said the same thing about James Hard and joy and B Right. Can you imagine? Now James Harden has found the Fountain of Youth. He played, he looked like the James Harden the bowl. Yes. Daddy, Doug Ka Hawaii. His kauai's got those knees healthy. He looks phenomenal. I just, I don't think Katie doesn't strike me as a guy that, that, that, that lives with regret or looks back on.


But probably, maybe a better move would probably been going to the Knicks. Hey. Like, you should have done the first time instead of, instead of going to Brooklyn. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Maybe going to the Knicks from the jump. Oh, okay. I don't know. It's too late. The Knicks might too late now. They might Right? They might be an option. I don't, I don't know. I'm just saying instead of going to Brooklyn. Right. Maybe go to the, go to the Knicks. Maybe things would've been different. Different. We'll never know. Yeah. We'll never know. We just know this has gone horribly wrong. This is, there's no way around it. Look, we don't have to blame anybody, but we can say this unequivocally. This was terrible. Yeah, It was.


It was


on April 18th. Sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan, return to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride shot with IMAX Film Cameras Centers arrive only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without Parent.


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your Sunny Days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A Day of Sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. This Is today. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. When things are tough, we talk about it. When there's something to figure out, we dig into it. And when there's joy, we celebrate it. Because today is where it's all happening. We get the best start to every morning because we start it together. Watch The Today Show with Savannah Guthrie and Craig Melvin. Weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


The Warrior Warriors beat the Grizzlies. 1 21, 1 16 Jimmy Butler, 38 points. Steph Curry, 37 points. And they held off a very valued and game Memphis Grizzly team by the score of 1 21 to 1 26. This game was really, really close. So now the Warriors advanced, they're the seven seed and they take on the rockets. That game probably will start Sunday Q watching this game. What did you like about what you saw from the, the Warriors? Damn that man, I heard that Raider shot. I'm the president of the Raider Nation. Always remember that. Okay. All right. Now, now getting to this gang, we knew what was going to happen.


It was close. But we know, You know, Steph is, You know, the man and, and proved it once again. Hitting big shots, big moments, Warriors advance, You know, we knew what was gonna happen. I thought the game would've been a lot. I, You know what a, it had been interesting to see Cube Ocho. Yeah. Had Ja not tweaked that angle. Yeah. You know, he goes up for the shot, he comes down on the guy's ankle and he came, he came back in the game late. But he wasn't Ja Desmond Bain was unbelievable. He kept him closed. Big threes, stealing the ball, doing a lot of good things. Triple J played an outstanding game.


But I, I, I just thought if, if Jah had stayed in there, it would've been interesting to see. We never know. Who knows, maybe Steph goes crazy and he goes, instead of 37, 38, he goes for 50. Right. But it was a good game. It's what we expected to be. This is the first time the Warriors have actually got out of the play end there had been out there one in four. Yeah. In the, in the, in the playin tournament. Ocho what what'd you like about what you saw? Listen, I, I enjoyed the game to as fullest. I probably thought that the warrior were gonna come out and, and, and be victorious in the win. Obviously play off, play off Jimmy as, as we, as he's known to be called, showed up play in Jimmy. Play My, my, okay. You right, you right. Play, play in Jimmy. Listen. Yeah. 21 and a half, he came, he came up and he showed out Steph Curry did what he did, ending the game with 37.


But I think the game might've been different even though it was close. If we got a jaw that wasn't injured and didn't mess up his ankle towards the end of the game, You know, death and Bain did what he did to keep him close. But obviously Steph Curry coming in clutched towards the end of the game and it, it is what it is. Yeah. I mean, look, this is the Warrior's time of year. We know what they're capable of doing. It's, I, it's, it's amazing to me that they haven't gotten out of the, the playing cube considering all that championship game pedigree all the time. They've been in NBA finals, they've been in Western conference finals. They've had tough or a football games, but for whatever reason it is hard for them to get out of the playin. If I'm not mistaken. I think they lost to the Lakers a couple of lost to the Lakers lost to the grids, but they haven't been what we thought they would be, especially in the playin.


So now they get an opportunity to, to advance. They're the number seven seed to take on the Houston Rockets the second best record in the, in the Western conference. But this is a young team that's not really battle test. Q how do you see this matchup shaping out between the Rockets and the Warriors? Well, You know, the, the Warriors got that pedigree. They, they know what it takes. You know, rockets are, are are scrappy, You know, they defense, they all over the, the court, You know what I mean? They, they running, they gunning dunking, they shooting, they, they kind of doing it all. But You know, they all different animal, You know, you playing the same team over and over again.


They get a chance to lock in on you. You get a chance to lock in on them. And You know, in basketball by the third game, You know all the moves they got, they know all the moves you got and it the will to win. And so the Warriors are battle tested. They, they got that will to win. Even though I like the, the Rocks young scrap the team. I, I just think the Warriors got everything it takes with Draymond and, and Jimmy as hungry as ever. So I, I expect the Warriors to come out of that. Well you mentioned you're the, you're the what when you say the godfather of President of the Raider Nation, man getting president of the Raid Raider Nation.


So what, so what are you with the Lakers? Are you the godfather of the Lakers? What are you for the Lakers? Oh man, You know the Lakers, I mean, I haven't put put a name on it. You know, it's something greater than love with the Laker make you the mayor of Laker Mill. But You know, I've been a big fan man since I was knee high to a horse fly. And so it's, it's just really all about seeing them jail. You know? Do they have enough time to jail, to, to go all the way? We'll see, You know, they got a nice, a nice squad. You know, I I like all, I like the size of all the role players.


You know, they all damn near the same size with the same athletic ability. And so it's, it's pretty cool to see them, You know, teamed up with, with LeBron Luca and AR 15 Cube. Lemme ask you this, where were you when you heard the news? The Lakers were trading Anthony Davis for Luca Don. And did you believe it when you heard it? I, I didn't believe it. You know, I was, I was at the house and, and, and You know, I was, You know, I know my son, he had a, You know, a podcast he had to do and he was just like freaking out on the podcast reading the news at the same time.


And so, You know, it was hard to believe that was true. But the Lakers always pulled the rabbits out. They had, You know, I, I'm like, I felt the same way when they got Shaq. You know, I felt the same way when they got LeBron on. You know, it was like, man, how, how do the Lakers pull this off? Yeah. Gray front office, You know, I never count them out no matter, You know what, how, You know how the team look from year to year, You know, I never count that front office at out. Even bringing ad in was, was amazing to me. Gave up a lot to get in. But it worked out. You got a championship out of the deal.


Yeah. Without a doubt. QU the co-founder of the big three last year was your most viewed season. How do you take it to the next level? And it's being reported that Dwight Howard said my last year of playing professional basketball, I'm gonna play it in the big three. Mm. There we go. You know, star, star power, You know, the same thing. You know, that you guys got here star power. So that's what we bringing into the league. That's what people wanna see. But also the style of play. You know, I think people love the big three because, You know, there's still a place for the big man. You know, we still Right defense, You know, we let 'em trash talk. We let players beat themselves, You know, You know, not penalize personality, You know what I Right.


And so I think people, You know, love that fans want that, that's what's missing in some ways in, in, in the other professional league. And so him to come and, and do his, You know, last, You know, go around the country in the big three, it was gonna be a fun summer, but, You know, we also got other players that's great too. So, You know, now we're in cities now, You know, we got a team in LA, team in Dallas, a team in Houston, Chicago, Detroit, Boston, and the DMV and Miami.


So it's gonna be interesting to unlock those fan bases and, and, and, and start to grow the big big three from that model. What, what made you decide to come up with the big three? You sitting around, I mean, look, you're busy. You, You know, you in Hollywood, you back the doing music and I seen, I think now cube you back more into music now than you've ever been. Maybe you've taken a break from the acting thing from writing. I know you got it. We're gonna give this a little later. But the Friday, the last last installment of Friday. Oh yeah. Probably sitting down writing that you dj, DJ pool. But in this situation, what made you decide to come up with the big three?


I'm a fan and You know, after the finals, the NBA finals, man, I would hibernate until football you started, You know, like, I mean, seriously for, for, for people who love basketball and love football, those dog days of summer just got, You know, it was just brutal. And so I knew it was a lot of fans out there like me who wanted something a real season, could we fit a real season into that window between the NBA finals and the start of the regular season in football. And so, You know, there, there was a gray window and three on three was sitting there kind of dormant, You know, it was kind of the, the little cousin of five on five.


And so, yeah, I said, You know, why haven't it been professionalized? And it was no good reasons. I looked at what Fever was doing and I said, Hey, we could do better than that to professionalize a sport. And we came up with great wrinkles like the four point circles and bring the fire and, You know, first to 50 win, no, no game clock, but the shot clock. So the games are fast, they fun and it's what basketball should be. And, and, and so, You know, we, we, we put all the great ingredients into it and it was a great idea and we had the, the connections and the people to make it come true.


And Hall of Famers had blessed us. George Gervin, Dr. J Clyde Drexler, Rick Berry, You know, these guys blessed the league and, and said there's something they want to be a part of. And, and so I knew if, if the Hall of Famers was into it, I was onto something. 'cause they wouldn't get behind something that wasn't pure. Yeah. And so, You know, that's, that's, that's the, the way it started. And it really happened after I seen Kobe's last game, I was, I was kind of upset that I couldn't see him play no more.


And I said, man, why can't he play? And then, and then I just was like, well, maybe it's just the 82 games because if you could score 60 points in a, in a damn game, you can play. I don't give a damn, You know how old you are, You know what I'm saying? You can play. So then I said, okay, well then, You know, what if it was half court? What if it was, You know, 10 weeks? You know, it was first to 50 win and it was kind of a sprint and not, You know, such a long marathon or a long grind and you get a week to recover. You know, I just tried to put all the good ingredients in to make sure players were at, was at their best.


I kind of, we kind of looked at the NFL model, You know, an important game once a week and You know, you use the week to get your body right and you come out and you give a thousand percent, joker becomes the third player to average a triple double during the season. He joins his teammate, Russell Westbrook, Oscar Robinson. Oscar Robinson and Russ are the only ones to average a 30 point triple double yoki. Just finished 0.2 points. Short of that, he averaged 29.8 points per game. 12.8 rebounds per game. 10.3 assists per game in average. What? 1.2 steal 1.8 steals per game, which was tied per second.


Dyson Daniels led the league with 3.0 assists per game. Yoic had more triple doubles this season. 34 than any three players in the league combined. No other players else enter Fri Friday with more than 10 this season. I think LeBron had exactly 10. Correct? Correct. So that just goes to show you just how dominant Yolk was. Very, very, Hey, I got a question as do as dominant as he is, right? Yes. Being that his game isn't based on explosion and being quick and, and and playing above the rim. How long can he keep This up? As long as he want to?


It's been reported he's about to sign a three year, $212 million extension in the off season, which is the supermax, which is the most a guy can sign for, which is that $70 million per year extension, which with Luke was gonna be entitled to this off season, so Right. Because well, look, look, the game Lucas, there's not a lot of pounding Joe. There's not a lot of up and down. Right? They play another eight years Consistency consistently doing this. Mm. You got this long as it's mind stays sharp. Yeah, but you gotta realize those type players are not like American players, right? They, it's not the end all be all to them.


You hear them talking, he wants to get back to his horses, he wants to get back to his native land, he wants to be with his family. Right? That's, that's what he wants to do. I'm not saying he doesn't take the game serious. He takes the game. You don't become this good. I don't care how telling you are Yeah. Be this dominant without taking the game serious, without putting the work in. And that was the thing. I mean, you people talk about Luca, Luca put the work in. I think that the, the thing is with Luca is that you look at his body, he's never gonna have a body like LeBron James. He's never gonna have a body like beat Dwight Howard. Neither is Yoic. Yeah. That's not how, that's not their makeup. That's not their genetic makeup. Ocho that's not how they're gonna be built.


European players, when you, well European players you see built like that got caps on their shoulders abed up, Right? You're right. They got quad ham screen definition. That, that that ain't what they are. Can you put the ball in the basket? Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. He had a phenomenal season. But Shaa Shaa Shaa should win the mvp. He's earned that. He's been, I mean all those consecutive 20 point games, all those, he led the league in 50 point games, led the league in 40 point games, 30 point games, 20 point games. He's, he is been sensational. And they have the best record in the NBA.


Okay, so, Oh, he got one other. Yeah, yeah. Giannis has 11. LeBron has 10, so LeBron 32nd, third with triple doubles. But Yoki was far, far, far, far, far, far ahead, ahead of everybody with those triple doubles. But it's gonna be a very interesting matchup because there's a big body that can bang with him. But here's the thing, Lu Box gonna have to be extremely careful 'cause he can get him in foul trouble. 'cause Yoki had all those moves, those ups and unders and Luke ey Duke. So it's gonna be very, very interesting to see how this thing plays out. The Volume


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost when you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana, that's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for Business comes in. With convenient digital tools, helpful resources, and personalized guidance, we can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more at chase.com/business. Chase for Business, make more of what's yours. The Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.


Millions of people have turned to Claude, the AI assistant from Anthropic because it just feels different where other ais often sound a little robotic. Claude has been designed with special research that informs its character, meaning that Claude just gets it when it comes to empathy and emotional intelligence. That's why Claude has become the, if You know, You know choice for dating advice, career coaching, gathering your thoughts for those important life decisions and more, give Claude a try for free@claude.com. That's CAUD e.com. And let us know how you feel the difference.


This Message comes from Greenlight Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly. Set up chores, automated allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.