
Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who doesn it? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to affect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot Edu.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video all the way For The touchdown. This week it's a Halloween treat as the Houston Texans take on the New York Jets. What a catch coverage begins with TNF tonight. Not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Texans in the Jets Thursday only on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different Vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, You feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more, check out Bose dot com


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must-haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Leco, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by Volume Hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


The Volume, TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports Book an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to draft King Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new draft. King customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See d kng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Okay, Ocho? Yeah, now it's time. We got a segment for the first time. We hadn't had it in a while. Okay. Today's segment is prompted it's best cereal. The best cereal. Rough Draft. What'd I say? Rough Draft ocho. Because we hadn't had this in a while. Ocho Rough Draft is back. Yeah, we get five selections. Okay. Okay. Today's best cereal ocho. You know, since you going through a little something right now, I'm gonna throw you a bone. I'm gonna let you go first. Oh man, You, you, you ain't had to bring that up, man. What? What? What? What? My bad, my bad, my bad, Ocho. I'm just, I'm I'm just saying.


I Ain't even read, I ain't reading the rule Mocho. You right. I gotta read Your rule better. I reading. It's too soon. I'm I'm, I'm an emotional wreck right now. Don't do that because then, oh, and then now listen, now when I, when I start tearing up and I start crying and then the chat and everybody make fun of me and I become a mean. Then you going, you going wanna hit my line back, man, I apologize. You know? Oh, that wasn't right. Oh. But what about what? Hey, oh, you gave Michelle that work? You put that work in? You know, I listen. That's a different, that's a different situation. What you Mean that's different? It because it's completely different. That's like, that's like A you sound like red. You sound like red on Friday. It's though. When Smokey say you ain't, when Deebo was choking me over there, you ain't do that. He said that's different. Yeah.


That's, that's a proud moment for you. Like for me, this is a this is bad. Yeah. This, this, this is bad. You know what? All right. You know what? He's a free man. We ain't together no more. Don't tag us. Don't tag me in none of his shit. Well, damn. You could have text me that. Nah, she said you blocked her. She said, I don't know. I just made that up Because You know you notorious for blocking or second, I thought you was Jonathan Ogden or Willie Anderson. All that blocking you be doing. Hey, listens Uhuh. I'm not combative no more, man. I'm fi I'm 56. I, I ain't, I ain't got time for that man. Okay.


Alright. Ocho, you get to go first. What's your first election? Oh, listen, and I'm telling you right now, I'm going to win this. So my first election on something that I love, a cereal that I grew up on and that I still eat to this day with bananas. And I do let it get soggy a little bit. I, I don't know how many people do that. And I do pour the cereal before I pour the milk. Unlike some of the, the weirdos in the world. Frosted Flakes. Okay. I like Frosted Flakes. I love Frosted Flakes. I'm gonna go dig them. Snacks, sugar Smacks. Oh hell no. Number two. And I'm definitely winning this Fruit Loops. Okay. I like Fruit Loops. I like Fruit Loops. I'm going to Apple Jack's. What man, you don't stand a chance chat.


Y'all stay with me. I'm going Cinnamon Toast Crunch. Okay. I like that. I'm, you know what, I'm going right, I'm going Cinnamon Nut Cheerios. Oh, you lost again man. I Like Cheerios man. I understand. But you, you, you're gonna lose this Rough Draft. Actually, you've already lost it with my first three choices. My four choice is Cocoa Puffs. He got, he got two. No, no, no, no. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. My third, my fourth choice is Captain Crunch. That's what I meant to say. Yeah. I meant to say Honey Nut Cheerios. Not Cinnamon Cheerios.


Honey nut. Honey Nut. I meant to say Honey Nut, You already lost either way Honey Nut Cheerios. Shit, I mean, we ain't eating none of those bland ass or cornflakes. So, man, I'm guessing o' you, I'm guessing, you know what Ocho Yeah, I'm for, I guess if I had to eat cereal, I hadn't had cereal in probably like 20 years. Right. But if I had to eat cereal, my old ass with prostate issues, gimme some Cheerio. Gimme the Raisin brand. Okay. I listen, listen, my luck, my luck has been bad, been bad the past two days, man. So I'm going with Lucky Charms. Okay. Yeah. And last but not least, it's the old Faithful. I ate it every, every day for 27 years.


Oatmeal cereal. It's a cereal. John, will you tell Ash Oatmeal? Yeah, This about, It's called a hot cereal. God dang it. You see, I hate with tea. Hold on. Hey, let, let's let, let's not deflect from the fact that you just lost Rough. Draft please. And I'm sure the chat can agree. Is oatmeal a cereal? Yes. Oatmeal is a cereal. I mean, you can eat it cold. You ain't never had Cold Oats overnight.


Oats Cereal. Oatmeal is a cereal and I lifted it on mine. Are Oats considered a cereal? Yes. Yes, Yes, yes. As gets mad because I ain't picked no shredded wheat. The big ass bricks they put in. You can't put the two in a bowl Shredded wheat. Yeah. You ain't never seen the big shredded shredded wheat biscuits. Nah, they got spoon. They got the spoon size one and then they got the big ones.


I know, I know. I know what you're talking about. And it falls apart as soon as you bite it too. So OCHO went with Frosty Flakes, fruit Loops, cinnamon Toast Crunch, lucky Charms and Captain Crunch. I went with Sugar Smacks Apple, jacks Honey Nut, Cheerios, raisin brand and Oatmeal. You can see my last three is very reflective of my age. Right, Right, right. Ocho they say, Hey, what'd you want? What'd y'all want me to pick Wheaties?


Man, I don't eat cereal. I, man, I done been out the loop. I put, I put probably donuts or something in there. I can't remember last time I had OCHO Eats cereal all the time. I hadn't had cereal in probably 20 years. See, that's the problem. That's the problem. What? There's some things that you eat, some of the things you did as a child, you need to, to, to, to, to read. I don't know what happened. Reinvent yourself and go back to it. And you, you man feel good about yourself. My nah, my I remember Sugar pops. Nah, my stomach, me and milk don't get along For Real. Oh no. So you, you can't eat ice cream and stuff.


I better have lactate. Hey, I, I always, I keep lactate with, I got a little travel kit. Right. I got an acid, I got lactate, I got all that stuff. Oh yeah, cheese if I eat it. Oh yeah. I got, I gotta have them two tablets. Wait, You can't eat cheese? Oh no. God. Oh, I can eat it. I can eat it, but somebody gonna be in trouble. Trouble. I don't mess with it. O cho. Hey, I ain't, I ain't, I'm, I'm, I'm, I've heard people that obviously are lactose intolerant, can't eat dairy, but dog cheese. Yeah. I, I, I drink, I drink coffee every day. So I have to have milk in there.


Obviously I get whole milk cheese. Hell, I eat McDonald's obviously. I eat it now obviously. 'cause I'm older now. I eat it in moderation. I know I talk about, talk about it all the time. But I eat it in moderation. I got to have cheese. I know. If you can imagine if the two things that I love, I wasn't able to eat because I I was lactose intolerant or cheese would disturb my Stomach. Well you ain't lactose intolerant hoo-Ha. You eat that and booty, so I mean, you good. I I do what You eat hoo-ha and booty. What? Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Man, you cra you crazy. Listen, Like you, you, you bringing that up and you know I'm in a situation right now, so like, what are we doing?


So you wanna, you wanna, you wanna put, you wanna postpone the show for a week till you recover? No, We don't have to postpone the show. But don't, don't, don't say things that are reflection of something that they don't have access to. I want. Okay. You wanna, you want mention what's your mention sir? You get two, mention Two Honorable mentions. Hold on. Let, let me think, let me think, let me think. Did I say Cocoa Puffs? I'm gonna go Cocoa Puffs. Okay. Cocoa Puffs. I'm gonna go Rice Krispies. Well they're Fruit Loops. Well did I say Fruit Loops already? I already, you already said Fruit Loop. You got Frosted Flakes Fruit Loops, cinnamon Toast Crunch, captain Crunch, lucky Charms, honorable mention is Cocoa Puffs minus Rice Krispies.


And I said Lucky Charms as well, right? Yes. You got Lucky Charms with your fifth choice Choice. You know what Reese's Puffs? Who? Reese's Reese's Puffs. They make Reese's make cereal. Of course. Come on Unc. Man, you come on. You're not out the loop that much. I know you go to Publix. I know you go to I Don't go to damn cereal. I know you Go to, I know you go to Ralphs and I know you go to V's. Come on now. I don't go to no cereal. I, I don't go to no man, Listen. So I, I'm, I'm curious when you have company over and it's breakfast time, you don't have no cereal she can make downstairs or nothing.


They better Eat eggs. You gotta you gotta accommodate your guests. Unc. No, you gotta Accommodate your guests DoorDash. A deliver. And, and my last cereal. Y'all know nothing about this because y'all ain't from the Hood. Them King vitamins. What y'all know about King Vitamins? Yeah. If you didn't get that Wick, you don't know nothing about King Vitamins. Wic, what's Wick? Hey Chad. Y'all been depart with what? You know, you know Wick is Air freshener right? Wick Ain't, don't Wick is Air Freshen on Chad.


Please tell Unc what WIC is. Wic It's Air Freshener. It's a governor subsidized program. That's what it's, and had a king. Y'all heard King Gross? Daddy, look at him. Look at it right here. Man. You got a box That's your ride now. Who know about him? Ch y'all know about him. Hey, who is that on the front King vitamin? I know, but who? Hey, is he got a heavy tan? He he white or black?


He white. Wh Well, he got a heavy tan or something. Huh? He got a heavy tan. Ah, Oh man. I mean, I'm trying to man, y'all be man, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all wild for this one. Y'all don't know y'all know about. See y'all pretend like y'all don't know about those guy gone King bottom. But I don't, y'all know y'all know about that $65 book. Y'all better stop playing $65 book of what? Food stamps. Oh. Oh. That's, I think they got, they got used to have a EBG card. I mean, they got the card now like a eat like a credit card. Right. But you know what? Hey, them people still trade them off right there. Hey, $65.


Get you $40 cash. Hey, they, you know they, hey they, they be selling, they be selling 'em in Miami. That's, that's good Business. Yeah, they what you mean in Miami? They sell 'em everywhere. For Real? Yeah. Yeah. You get a 65 book a food stamp mean some people getting 200 a month and you trade that whole book. $65, get $40 cash. Hey that, hey, I had to take my glasses off right now. That, that's, that's, that's good business. That's, that's good business. I don't know how to get into that type of business. No, but that's good business. Yeah, they're like, hey, them stamp. Hey, your stamps come today, huh? Yeah, I got mine babe.


You can tell when the people got the, the stamps. Hey, go to the grocery store and see all that meat and them carts. Wait, wait, wait a minute. Hold on. Have you seen the prices in grocery stores now? You ain't getting as much as you used to get back in the day now. Oh, they get more stamps now though. They getting, I mean, I think some people might get about three 400. Oh, so, okay, so how much, how much they put in a card is increased based on Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. According, according to how many kids you have. Oh, wait, wait a minute. Yeah. So I could, am I I'm eligible? No, you ain't got no young kids. You just said this according to how many kids you have.


Well, if that's the case, You should have thought about that, then you can't think about it now. You make too much your ass go to jail. Hey, they put color folk, they put color people in jail for that bull drive. Oh Yeah, they do. They do. Okay. Hey, listen, I'm, you understand. Hey, I, I got, you know, I, I took, I took out a PPP loan four years ago. I heard they put out, you know, some of the people going, Man, somebody say that cousin get $2,000 in a month in stamps. What? That's impossible.


Are you ready to have your bacon loving Mind blown? Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed, you can get a full night's sleep. Hell you could wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar, Meyer bacon, and then drive to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smoked them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer Fit. Cut bacon now and enjoy. You won't be disappointed.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Wafer Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is underway and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer has a whole new format. And this year the Chambers League has given us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. Next up, we got Real Madrid hosting Milan on Tuesday, November 5th, and then enter versus Arsenal on Wednesday, November 6th. If champions playing champions and here in the States, it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Catch it all on Paramount plus the home of the UA for Champions League. Stream every match and try it free@paramountplus.com slash live sports.


The 2024 presidential election is here. M SN BC has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. All reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow and our decision 20 20 14 will provide insight as results come in. And the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday, November 5th, beginning at 6:00 PM Eastern on Ms. NBC.


President Trump. Why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president who has consistently attempted to use Race to divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris for president


This fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59 point 99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus Live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan. Only 59 99 per month for three months, then 82 point 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


2000. Yes, They probably put an extra zero by accident. I don't know. Hey, the most average, I mean like when I was growing up I paid like 150, $200 was the most I heard somebody get. But 2000. But when you think about it, think about that. That's gotta last you the entire month though. ocho. Oh Shit. Yeah, my grocery, my grocery bill. 2000 a week. Hold on. 2000 and it gotta last you the whole month. Yeah, Yeah. Listen, that, that forces you to be financially savvy. Yeah. It forces You. And this, you're supposed to only be able to get edible products so you're not supposed to be able to buy paper towels and things like that.


Whole Foods accept e BT cards. How they go who? Whole Foods. Now, you know Whole Foods. I ain't never been in Whole Foods, but I'm sure the price point on some of the stuff they sell in there. You, you buy one, two items. You won't have no money left. You ain't gonna tell me nothing. Whole paycheck. Yeah. Yeah. I mean y'all ain't know. Y'all know I ain't lying. I I gotta look into that though. If, if, if, if getting the EB chart, EBT card or, or WIC is based off the number of kids you have, there's no reason I, I mean 200, like no 200 a month.


Right. But I mean 2000 a month. But you gotta think about it Ocho how big is the family? Because man, kids can eat, kids eat your ass outta the house and home. Oh yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. Every time. Every time. I mean, I, I get my kids for the summer and my cousin, I'm like, they're eating like they eat like grown people. Right. Can't eat like, I mean you once a kid hit like the age like 10. Yeah. Especially boys, they get 10 till they get 18. Them grown ass men. They ain't no kids. They kids in age, but they eat grown men portions. Yeah. That's crazy. And you know kids, they be getting seconds. We ain't getting no seconds.


Go to bed, get bread. Oh no. Oh no, not back then. You got one piece of you got, you could get bread so you get like two slices of bread. Right. And you got, you got one. You got, okay, you got a short thigh and a back. You got a drumstick and a wing. Yeah. But you ain't getting no, you not finna get no breast and no short thigh. Papa got the breast now that's what you got. You can get the back and maybe a, a a a a short thigh or a back and a drumstick. But you wasn't getting two prime cuts of meat. Not no chicken. Right. And you better, you better a and you better get some bread.


Fill your up about your, my grandma always say, boy, get eat some bread. Stick to your ribs. Right. Me to stick to my ribs better though. Hell nah. Yeah. That's what sticks to my real grater to me. But it wasn't none of that. Okay. Ocho now it's time for everybody's favorite segment. Yeah. Hello Cinco. Hold on, hold on. I gotta stretch. I gotta stretch. Once I stretch and get the blood flow going, I'm definitely gonna win this shit.


Okay, come on. Come on, boy. Let's lock in glasses off. Let's focus, let's focus. You could do this. I mean the, the fact that I have to, the fact that I have to do fellow Cinco while I'm in, in a vulnerable state is not sure though, I guess conjure the words I'm looking for. But I'm ready for my first word. Come on. The first word is cataclysm. First word is cataclysm. Cataclysm. Cataclysm. Cataclysm.


C-A-T-A-C-L-I-S-M cataclysm Close. C-A-T-A-C-L-Y. Sm cataclysm. So I missed it by A-Y-I-I-I-I put a a i instead of y. You did, Right? Damnit, Come on. Your next word is ran. Ran chorus. Ran, ran, Ran, Ran car Ran. Ka RAN. Car car car. Carra car.


Car. C-U-R-E-S-S-R-A-N-C-O-R-O-U-S. Ah. The spell. The I didn't know that one at all. Anyway. Okay, I think the next word I got This one. I got this one. I got this one. Common sensical. Common sensical. Common sensical. Common sensical. Okay. C-O-W-M-O-N. Wait, hold on.


C-O-W-M-O-N-S-E-N-S-E-B-L-E. Or PLE. Sensible. Neither. Commonsensical. C-O-M-M-O-N-S-E-N-S-I-C-A-L. Commonsensical. Oh wait. Oh you gotta come on man. You not pronouncing it right 'cause you sound country. That's why I'm not getting that. That's why I'm not getting the words right. Because of how you saying it. You gotta, you gotta say it right with with with perfect D Common common sensical. It sounds like common. It sound, it sound like you're saying popsicle.


I mean it sound like you saying Well You shoulda, you shoulda spelled os. I'm, I'm just, I'm just saying I heard the common, the common sense, but the, the last, the ending it sounds like sickle, but I knew, I I I didn't wanna I didn't wanna say common sensical. F-I-C-L-E-I. I didn't wanna say that 'cause I knew that that wasn't it. Common sensical. Alright, come on. I'm ready. Come, come again. Sga. What? Oh, oh. Saga ous.


C-C-C-C-A-G-A-C-I-O-U-S Close. S-A-G-A-C-I-O-U-S. What, what's what's I'm, I'm one for, I'm one. One for what? One For three? No, you o for What? Splendid. We, we what? Say Say it Again. Splendid. Splendid. Yes. Spell it. I'm waiting on YouTube. Use it in a sentence. Hold up.


Get it right here for you. Re splendid. She was splendid in a green dress. Oh, re splendid. R-E-S-P-L-E-N-D-I-D Splendid. Close. RES Come on man. D-L-E-N-T playing. Why y'all playing me? That was my, that was my last one. That was it Ocho. God that Was it. I went, I went over for five All. Now it's time for your retribution ocho it's time for Dunk on Unc Steelers edition.


Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. God damn. Damn. All right. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. You ready? I'm ready. Okay. Dunk on Unc Steelers edition. Who's the all time leading rusher leader for the Pittsburgh Steelers? You gonna get this wrong? Matter of fact, I'm not, I'm I'm not even gonna ask you how many yards he has, but I just wanna know who the all time leading rusher is for the Steelers.


It's not a one or two people. I'm gonna go with Franco Harris. It's either Franco Harris or Jerome be So I'm gonna go Franco. No, No, no, no, no. Make up your mind. Which one is it? I just told you Franco. Okay. You right it is Franco Harris. Wait a minute, you, that's only half the question. You didn't tell me how many yards you got. You said you wanna go ask me that though. Damn. Hey give gimme my thing. Lemme get logged in. Lemme get logged on. I plug in don't you? Ww shannon.com. Hey okay. Okay. You definitely ain't getting this one. Who is the all time leading score for the Steelers?


Oh my goodness. Yeah. Who's the all time leading scorer for the Steelers? You said you was plugged in, right? Is it dial up and, yeah. Oh this is a good one. The next one's a good I Yeah, you, you going, you gonna miss the rest of these All time Lean score. Gary Anderson. Nah, you okay you man. Nah, come on. Hey, time out, time out, time out, time out, time out. Time out.


Hey were you, were you briefed on this? They just beat got glitter the bottom of the I'm the whole run hitter As back as back. They helping man. Somebody over there helping you. Y'all Feed us right here. Oh no. You looking at the chat? I ain't looking at no chat. Nah this man. Hey chat. Come on Y Why y'all cheating for unc? Man? Come on now. I know, I know. The answer is probably all, all up and down the chat. So you look down, you look down Unc. Why? What kind of gloves? Who gloves you got on? Are you cheating? Nah, you, you looked at the chat.


There's no way you knew that. Literally I did. You said if I was long down, you asked me what the dial up, how you heard it dial up. Know that. Hey, hold on before I ask the next question, chat, can y'all do me a favor? Stop cheating. Don't don't say if you type in the answer, uncle's gonna look at the chat and whatever name he sees consistently, he knows that you got it right and you probably Googled it, then he is gonna say it and act like his dialup is. Think About how long, how long it took me to answer that. It didn't take me no time. I know it. No, it took you long enough. 'cause when I asked the question, you paused a little bit until you seen the name more than three times on the chat. And then you said, oh, Gary Anderson, They didn't know I got that. Alright, here we go.


Come on. All right, let's, let's see. Chat. Don't cheat for him. What Steelers player holds the franchise record for the most career interceptions. Oh my gosh. Let me, let me look at the chat and make sure they ain't, they don't, they ain't helping you. I don't know. I'm gonna go with my homeboy. He grew up, he grew up about 30 miles from me. I'm gonna go with my homeboy Mel Blunt. Probably Donnie Shell. But I'm gonna go with Mel Blunt. You. Nah, hell no. How you knew that Come up, I'm logged on Something ain't right.


Something ain't right. Y but you told me say hey go ahead and let an answer. I ain't gonna give him a chance to, I ain't gonna even give him a chance to type it. Okay. Okay. All right. What two Steelers? What two Steeler players are tied at four for most punt return touchdowns in Steelers history. Two people. Ooh, okay, finally I got him. I finally got him. I got him, I finally got him. What two Steeler players are tied for the most punt return touchdowns and stealer history. I got him Chad, we got him right here baby. We got him stumped, stumped the Schwab.


Oh my goodness. Yeah. Yeah. How many they got? What do you mean? How many punt return touchdowns do to hell? I I can't, I can't disclose that information. Okay. It ain't, well I'm not gonna say it's, it's not that hard because I can see the names right in front of me. I'm gonna say Fan A AB and Rod Wilson.


I dunno. Nope, you got half the answer right. AB is the first answer. But the Louis lip, no, the second name you were looking for Antoine Randall. Antoine Randall L. Yep. Yep. You are right. Oh thi oh this is a, oh you definitely ain't getting this one either. Who has scored the most two point conversions in Stealers history? Oh Lord have mercy. Most two point conversions. Yeah, I mean you talking about, oh Lord have mercy, did you hear some of the words you asked me to spell Most two point conversions? Yeah.


Ooh, I'm gonna take a wild guess here. Yeah, yeah. Yep, yep, yep, yep. Heath Miller, That is absolutely wrong. It is wrong. The answer you were looking for is Hez Ward and he has five. Okay. I got a bonus for you though. Okay. I got a, I got a bonus for you. How many playoff head, excuse me, how many playoff wins did head coach Chuck Noll have? How many playoff wins did head coach Chuck Noll have you gonna get this wrong too?


So we had to run three. So one Super Bowl. So that's three. So that's 12. Chad, Don't help him Layoffs. Oh yeah. 16. Hell nah. Ww shannon com There's no way you could have known that. I, I know it. I got You. You looked at the chat again And looking at you.


The chat ain't got that. Nah, the Chad looking at you can't find it. No. In the chat. I, I see, I keep telling you, you playing with me Ocho I'm looking at, you know who I'm, I'm the chat, I'm looking at it in the chat. Everybody's putting 16 after I said it messing with Shane. Mr. Chad. Man, listen, you listen. You won the night. You won the night simply 'cause you had the Chad's help with the first, first three answers. Chad, do y'all think, do y'all think I got help from o Y'all helped me with this. They coming up with somebody said 16th. I done said that two minutes ago. Nah, no, I was all, I was all over the punt returns.


I was all over it. Nah, well actually no, the punt returns you got wrong. 'cause you, you said, you said you did say, I said AB and I and I said Rob Wilson and you said no it wasn't Rob. I said Antoine Rle, he was Wrong. It was wrong. The chat is helping you. So I mean, listen, I I I, there's, there's nothing I can do when I tell the chat not to, not to, to write the answer out and they do it anyway. Good chat Chad. It gives you an advantage. I don't have help. Do a poll. Chad, do y'all think I cheated? Do y'all think I cheated with these questions? We gonna see the poll, what the polls say. Oh, I'm answer soon as you get it outta answer it. Ocho ocho No, no.


Soon as I ask the question, you look down at the chat to see what happened, what's what is written repeatedly. So whatever, whatever, whatever word or whatever name is written repeatedly, then you use that 'cause you know it's the right answer. Ocho you do realize, like when I first, when I first went on ES ESPN and did first tape, you do realize like I didn't have no researcher just knowledge off the top of my head. So they're like, well, if he ain't got no researcher and he can recall information like this, just imagine if we gave him a researcher. Something ain't right. It ain't, And then now we got people taking up or you in the chat talking about you ain't cheat. Nah, I ain't, I ain't buying that.


I ain't buying it. So it's, it's all good. Listen, I live, I live to play another day. I lived to play another day because if you look at the questions you got, they were, if you know football, they were easy. Now if you look at the questions you asked me to spell Ocho, I'm the, I'm the guru, I'm the trivia guru. I mean, we had the Olympics I basketball,


are you ready to have your bacon loving? Mind blown? Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed, you can get a full night's sleep. Hell you could wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar, Meyer bacon, and then drive to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer fit, cut bacon now and enjoy. You won't be disappointed.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Wayfair Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is underway in its bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all the club soccer has a whole new format. And this year the Chambers League has given us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. Next up, we got Real Madrid hosting Milan on Tuesday, November 5th and then enter versus Arsenal on Wednesday, November 6th. If champions playing champions and here in the States, it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Catch it all on Paramount plus the home of the UA for Champions League. Stream every match and try it free@paramountplus.com slash live sports.


The 2024 presidential election is here. M-S-N-B-C has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. All reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow and our decision 20 20 14 will provide insight as results come in. And the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday, November 5th, beginning at 6:00 PM Eastern on M-S-N-B-C, President Trump. Why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president who has consistently attempted to use Race to Divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris for President


this fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59 9 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu Plus Live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 99 per month for three months, then 82 point 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


Now it's time for our final segment of the evening. Evening. It's time for Q and a. I can't believe that. There there there's, there's some kind of discrepancy here where I just, something ain't right. Kera Norwood Jr. Said, oh, my question is, should the Cowboys make a change at DC or oc? What do you think they gonna make a, they gonna make a change after the season. The head coach? Hell, everybody about to be gone. Yeah, but that was your question, Kera. You asked should they make a change right now? I mean, who if you make a change at you can't change the offensive coordinator.


'cause Brian Schottenheimer done call plays Mike McCarthy's, the offensive coordinator. Brian Schottenheimer just has the title, but he doesn't call plays. So if you file the offensive coordinator, that means you fired the head coach. Right? Zim is the, is the defensive coordinator and they good and terrible. Damn. They good and terrible. But the one person that you should fire but you can't is the owner. That's who needs to go. But unfortunately you stuck with him. You stuck with him like on the elevator with a bad song until you get off. You gotta listen to it. I hope you only going up two floors.


Adam Blade says, what's up Uncle Ocho Ocho Yesterday you said the Bingos have a favorable schedule to win seven to nine, but Burrow is eight and 12 individual games and has never beat the charges. Are you sure you wanna double down against unc? Well listen, I'm not trying to double down. I'm just listening to what my quarterback said. My quarterback said that it's a, it's a possibility that we can win the next seven of nine. So if my quarterback says we can do it, I have to have belief in what he's saying and I gotta rock with it. Well, you couldn't win six of eight of your first ones. You win three and five. So I'm supposed to believe what that what We not doing is we not talking about the past. We talk about what we are right now.


We're talking about where we are right now. Three and five moving forward at we're three and five, we're talking about moving forward. Okay? The next nine games, we're going to win seven of those. Okay? That's what, that's what Joe Burrow said. Air Rico Fields a purdy. Who? You like Ocho. Who Fields a purdy? Justin Fields. Yes. Oh Shoot, no WC Fields. Oh yeah. I like WC Fields too. He's cool. I like, I like Justin Fields. I like Justin Fields. Just purdy's really good in the system that he's in with the weapons that he's surrounded by.


I've seen Justin Fields do it with less. I've seen Justin Fields take a team now. Do what With less Take a team three and Oh, I know it's a small, I know it's a small sample size. It's a very small sample size. Huh? But that's all I have to go off. Right? Go, go off of right now. I don't have to, I'm not going off of Chicago. I'm going off of what Justin Fields has showed me when he got to the Pittsburgh Steelers and he showed me that he can play good football, he can not turn the ball over and do what's as of them do. What's as of him? I've seen it. I've seen it with my own eyes. Woo.


Pretty, pretty good too. Now I think I'll turn pretty because he is less turnover prone. That's a good one. That's a good one. But Justin had, it'd Be interesting to see if you put fields in that offense with Kyle Shanahan. Now I gotta put him in that offense with Kyle because I believe Trey Young was supposed to be with Justin Fields, the athleticism to be able to throw the ball, to be able to move the pocket. I would like to see Justin Fields with Kyle Shanahan. Right. Lainey Ray says, Hey Lainey, you got in from the bar. Hey guys, since it's Halloween this week, what is the scariest movie you've ever seen?


Mine is the original Texas Chainsaw Massacre. My scariest movie would probably be the Blair Witch Project or Paranormal Activity because it's a paranormal activity. I mean, for me, well shoot all of the paranormal activities. It's so hard to predict what's going to happen when you haven't seen it before, when you haven't seen it before. Once you've seen it already and you watch it a second time, you're like, you kind of know what's happening. But paranormal activity in the Blair Witch Project, I, I'm not the biggest scary movie guy. Right. Probably.


I don't know if you remember the movie Christine with that, that car? Nah. Or the Oman. Y'all too young for that. What about the shiny with Jack Nichols? Oh, now we talking Johnny. Yeah. Oh yeah, that's a good one Babe. But you know the original, the original Friday the 13th? Yeah. Freddy Krueger. Yeah, I'm talking about the OGs. Yeah, the Halloween. Mike Miles, the, the OGs now. Right. They started getting, they started doing Friday the 13th. Jason takes old Manhattan.


I'm, I'm gone. You know I'm saying what? What, what was it? Camp Crystal Lake. Was that the name of the Yep. Crystal Lake Marco Castile. Hey uncle. No Joy. I applied to be an intern for you guys. I hope I'll be able to get it. Love the show this day. What hope you guys or Ash see this? Ashley's everything. Unfortunately, Samuel Griffin said, Hey Elcho. My wife had to fire somebody tonight and she had to work with for five years. Have you ever had to fire someone you were close with? No. No I haven't.


No. I mean Ash in charge of the firing a I make Ash the bad guy. That's why she makes the big bucks. Hey Ocho, I just do this. Yeah. Hey, you got fired for a reason. Shit. I got. I got, I got fired on my day off. Shit. Shit. Rough. It is. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. The Steelers beat the Giants 26 to 18 Russell Wilson, 20 of 28, 2 78 1 touchdowns, no interception. They ran the ball 31 times for 167 yards as they win and take possession of the A FC North with a six and two record.


Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. I'm your favorite UNC Shannon Sharpe. Please hit that subscribe button and like button because that guy, he is a Liberty City Legend. He's a bingo ring of Fame artery. He's a pro bowler. He's a all pro. That's the Bengal on Liberty City own Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him Ocho. Guys, make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Make sure you check out Shaa ba poitier. The wait is over. We're introducing Shaa VSOP Collectors edition, the second bottle in a series of nine. If you have the first bottle, you are one step closer to completing the collection.


This is your chance to own bottle number two. The link is in the video description. Don't miss out. This is limited to 25,000 bottles. Please go follow my media company pages on all platforms. That's she. She Media and my clothing company that's responsible for this. T 84 with 84 being spelled out. Our newest release just dropped last week. We dropped. I was held when I was. Well, I'll lie for you before I lie to you. Shirts, black Nightcap hoodies and by popular demand. Stay with me now hoodies. And of course our bestsellers, dunking OCHO ts quantities are limited, so make sure you grab yours while supplies last.


And to show our appreciation, I gave away this hat, I signed this hat. Ash, do we have a winner? We don't have a winner yet. The link is pinned at the chat, so you can take an additional 15% off if you use code Halloween. The link is pinned at the chat. So again, the Steelers beat the Giants. Benny Bishop Seals the game. The Dodgers win four two, the one win away from winning the world. Winning the the World Series. They take a commanding three oh lead over the Yankees. Brady Freeman led the charge again building a two run home run. And there's no question when they win and they win, Brady Freeman is gonna be the World Series MVP.


So it'll be a world series MVP and a regular season. MVP Brady Freeman is on the cusp of being a hall of famer. So thank you for joining us. We appreciate it. We'll see you Wednesday night with the basketball edition. The Suns beat, the Lakers. The Lakers lose their first game and LeBron did score in double digits for the 12 1,226 consecutive time, which is an NBA record. Again, thank you guys for joining us. I'm Unc, he's Ocho. We'll see you Wednesday. The Volume.


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole Different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you Feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more, check out bos.com


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by Volume Hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer tournament in the world is underway and it's bigger, better, and bolder than ever. Next up, we got Match day four, which feeds it. Madrid hosting Milan on Tuesday, November 5th, and then enter versus Arsenal on Wednesday, November 6th. Stream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the PHA Champions League. You can try it free today@paramountplus.com slash Live Sports


President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We Have someone who wants to be president who has consistently attempted to use race to Divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those, not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid For by Harris for P.