
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the Wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


From Hobby Farmers to weekend gardeners and everyone in between. Tractor Supply Trust, 5G Solutions from T-Mobile for business to make shopping more personal. Together we're connecting over 2200 stores with 5G Business, internet, and powering AI so team members can match shoppers with products faster. You're All Set. This is enriching customer experience. This is Tractor Supply with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash now.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits You may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree, you've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean hell, who doesn't? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect the smoky flavor. That length of time you can fly from Miami to Los Angeles and back from Los Angeles to Miami. 12 long hours. That's about how long it takes ma or smoke their bacon. There's no wrong way to enjoy it, So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon.


Right now I'm partnering with PayPal. The holiday season is here and I'm gonna save big with cash back offers in the PayPal app. It's easy. I browse deals from my favorite brands, save offers in the app and use PayPal checkout online. Really, really easy. Whether I'm buying gifts from my family or treating myself to something nice, I'm earning cash back. And you can't do, don't just pay PayPal Check Offers in the app for details and exclusions. Cash back earned is points redeemable for cash and other options. See PayPal rewards terms


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction. Void in Ontario won no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap ocho, again is having technical difficulty, so hopefully he'll join us real soon. You just watched a very uninteresting ball game. The Green Bay Packers shut out the New Orleans Saints by the score of 34 to nothing and the Saints did not gain 200 total yards of offense. So we'll touch on that in just a little bit. Thank you guys for joining us. Again, y'all know who I am. I am your favorite, UNC Shannon Sharp. And again, thank you. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Because of you, we are who we are.


Thank you for your SU support. Thank you for your continued support from 23 to 24 and the 25 and beyond. Crew at Nightcap cannot thank you enough for your support. Thank you. Make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. The holidays are upon us. We're two days away from Christmas and New Year's is right around the corner. Unfortunately you missed a cutoff if you haven't ordered it already, you possibly missed a cutoff of December 18th to make sure you have it by New Year's Eve. And if you cannot find it any city or state near you, which you can go out and get it and have it, just order it, we'll ship it directly to your door and you'll have it by the early in January.


And do me one more favor, please drink responsibly. Go check out my media company on all of its platforms. That's Sheshe Media and my clothing company 84. 84 being spelled out. Our newest releases just dropped last week. We have t-shirts, sweats, we've had stock, we have stocking stuffers like coozies beanies and mugs. Quantities are limited. So please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Everyone is, should be receiving their orders this week. Please let us know to make sure that you receive your orders. So hopefully you got some orders today. You'll get 'em again tomorrow, miss Skip Wednesday. Get 'em Thursday, Friday. So hopefully everything will be free and clear by the end of the week.


And thank you again for your continued support of Nightcap tickets for the Super Bowl in New Orleans. Our first spring tour stop. Tickets are on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. February 6th in New Orleans. Be there. New Orleans, this is your opportunity. Have some fun. I know the season for football hasn't been what you wanted to be. Hell, as a matter of fact, basketball hasn't been what you wanted to be also considered. Zion has been nicked. Bis got nicked a little bit, but the season has not gone the way you guys in New Orleans had hoped. Be it football or basketball. This is your opportunity to have some fun, some enjoyment, get some laughs because guys, you've been doing a lot of crying in New Orleans over the past year, so we're sorry for that.


But we're gonna try to bring some laughter, some cheer, some joy into your life. In 25, early we've been nominated for two sports podcast awards. Best American Football Podcast and Best Sports Comedy podcast. Again, I repeat. We've been nominated for two sports podcast awards. Best American Football Podcast and Best Sports Comedy podcast. Please make sure you go show your support, vote for us. The link is in the chat and pin on our social pages and in all our social bios. Again guys, the packers defeated the New Orleans Saints by the score of 34 to nothing to clench a playoff birth. The injury depleted Saints were no match for the Packers at Lambeau Field.


The Packers offense relied on a dominant ground game. 188 yards on 39 carries. The Saints managed just 196 yards total and were shut out for the first time In over two years, the Packers improved to 11 and four, clenched the playoff spot for the second year in a row, and the Saints got off to a promising start, but failed to five and 10 guys. This was game. This game was not very interesting. I don't know if we thought it was gonna be interesting. You're down your starting quarterback, you, you're a franchise, your great running back, Alvin Camaro is out, a lava is out. You're missing a lot of starters.


And this game was very uninteresting. It just had to be played. I'm sure ESPN would've loved to have flexed out of this, but unfortunately, I guess Monday night you're not allowed to flex out of the ballgame. The packers look really good. Jordan Love was 16 or twenty eight, a hundred eighty two yards of touchdowns. No interception, as we mentioned at the top, 39 carries 188 yards. That's the one thing that Packers can do. They can run the football with Josh Jacobs. He's been very good at running the football in the BeyHive. A lot of young talented receiver reed. And they got Dobbs and they got Ws and they got Watson. They just, they got five, six receivers that could get really, really lots of playing time and minutes if they were elsewhere.


But they just happen to be on this team craft. I love him at the tight end position, but they can run it, they can throw it. Jordan Love is really, really good. He's just getting better and better and we know what he does come December in January, he plays his best football when it starts to matter the most. But I think everybody had to be really, really impressed. I think we'd be a lot more impressed with the Packers if they were not in the NFC North. Because in the NFC North you got a A what, a 13 and two Detroit team. You got a 13 and two Vikings team. 11 and four is nothing to Snee sneeze at. There are not a whole lot of other teams that are 11 and four. What maybe, I think Buffalo is 12 and three.


Obviously Kansas City, it's 14 and one, but nobody else. Who else can say they're 11 and four? They're 11 and four and third in their own division, which they would probably, they would definitely have if they were in any other division other than the the A FC West or the A FC East, they would be sitting on top, all the other divisions getting the home playoff game. And they still could, you know, they got Green Bay, they got Detroit, so there's a chance they could win out and overtake the nu and and get the number one seed. But Detroit looked really good and I don't know, it's hard to judge when a team is depleted as the Saints are. So it's really hard.


But I think Detroit, I think the Packers are a really good football team. The Saints are really bad. Even when they were at full strength, they're not what we thought they would be considering at the SmackDown that they laid on Dallas. And I think they won the first two games. They scored about 90 points and hell, they might have not scored 90 points in the, in the last 13 games. But it's been really bad. The head coach has already gotten fired. Dennis Allen lost his job. They have an interim in there, but nothing is, is nothing. And they're probably over the cap. So it's gonna be very, very interesting. I think it might be time for New Orleans to go into what we call a rebuild because they're not very good. There's a chance we can see what they're gonna do with Alvin Camaro.


I think they reign him. Didn't they re resign him during the season? Yes, they resigned. They, they signed resign him so he'll be back. It really hurt when Chris ve went down. He's their best receiver. They have, you know, they have decent players defensively. I thought they would be a lot better than what they are defensively. You know, they got Cam Jordan, they got Honey Badger, they got DeMar Davis, they've got, they traded Latimore or they traded him to the Washington Commanders. But I thought the defense would be a lot better than what they showed offensively. I'm not surprised considering they were a breath of talent, a lack of talent to begin the receiver running back.


It's kind of hard to overcome that. But give them a credit. You know, you can only do what you can do with what you have. But Green Bay took care of business and that's what you wanna see. You want a team, when I'm the better of the teams, I don't want to give you hope. I don't want to have you hanging around thinking you going into the fourth quarter, the second half with a chance to beat us. This game was basically over to the first three drives. Green Bay goes bam, bam, bam. And it's 21 and nothing. And for all intents and purposes, the game was over at that particular time. But I love the way Green Bay approached this ball game. They came out, they handled business and they did what they were supposed to do, which was dominate an inferior ball club. And left no doubt in anyone's mind that New Orleans did not belong on the field with them tonight.


And this is what they were supposed to do. So, whew. But that was hard. That was, that was, that was tough on the eyes. Yeah. You know that back in the day when I was growing up, when people didn't call you ugly, they say, Ooh, that child is hard on the eyes, which meant the same thing. So this game tonight was really hard on the eyes. So hopefully you guys stomach it. That's all you can do. That's all I can say you did was stomach it because it wasn't a very interesting game, especially from a New Orleans mure, green Bay Packers fan. Obviously you loved it. Your team win. Still have a chance to maybe theoretically could they catch, could they get the number one seed?


Could they get the number one seed if they beat, if they beat Minnesota and they beat Detroit, would they be, would they leapfrog Detroit? Nah, unless, unless green, unless what you call 'em lost to another game, right? They would have to both lose, but there ain't no way they could lose out because they play each other. So one of them would get the, so there's no way green baby could get the home court, home field. And I think what you call 'em only has what, three losses, how many losses does Philly have? Three. So Philly would have to lose out also to give them a chance. So there's really no hope for that. Guys, if you watch First Take this morning you saw me issue a statement of Herbie and Kurt Hurst Street and Chris Fowler.


And I just want to clear there, I want to set the record straight because what happened was, until my estimation, the game Ohio State and Michigan and Michigan was, Ohio State was 19 point favorite. This was their opportunity to get their get back. They haven't been in the Big 10 championship game in quite some time. They hadn't beat Michigan in quite some time. So this was their opportunity. Harbaugh's gone and he took a lot of players with him to the NFL. And so a 19 point favorite, a home favorite. And this was your opportunity to get your, get back, to get your lick back and get into the, the Big 10 championship game. And that didn't happen. And, and so I, I tweeted I mean, if losing this game, does Ryan Day get to keep his job?


I think that's a very fair question to ask considering you've lost a, I mean, what you've lost four out of five, you've lost the last three. Now Ohio State is, is one of these blue buds and it is just not good enough to win 10 games in the year. And I know he's a really good coach, but at the end of the day, you're not paid the kind of money. You're paid to be really good. You're paid to be great. You're paid to beat Michigan, win Big 10 Championships and go compete for the, in the national championship. Now there's still a chance he could win the college football playoff because you can't win if you're not in. But for me, guys, and I wanna go ahead and say this, Kirk and I exchanged, exchanged text earlier today.


But my point was, and and I don't know if he was talking to me or, but I just felt that, I didn't think at that point in time the commentary was warned. Yes, Ohio State won. I think everybody knows Kurt Herb Street went to Ohio State. He mentioned, someone sent me a thing that he and Orion Dale are very good friends. So I think he was taking up for his friends, but I believe you can take up for your friends without taking a shot at your teammates. And I felt he was taking a shot at first take. Now maybe I wasn't on that day that he was talking about, but everybody that's on first take every, if anybody knows anything about me, they know I'm a great teammate. Whether I played in Denver, where I played at Baltimore, whether I was on CBS, whether I was on Fox, I'm a very good teammate.


And when you take a shot at them, you take a shot at me. And I just thought it was unwarranted because I didn't think it added anything to the commentary. It was totally for me. I thought it was totally unnecessary. So we had a conversation today, we cleared the air, he told me what he was thinking, he apologized. I let him know what I was thinking, but, and I, I wasn't se I wasn't sensitive because if I was sensitive, I'd have really laid into it. Y'all know me. I don't bite my tongue for nobody there, there, there are certain times that I felt that, that you should stand out in the situation before you say something that you'll regret at a later date in time. But in that situation I was very, very disappointed because I'm like, whoa, whoa bro, this is not the time or place.


And if you got teammates that you got a problem with somebody they said, and anybody that's ever been a, a, a teammate, you know, if I got a problem with my teammates in Denver, I got a teammate with my teammates in Baltimore or CBS or Fox or now at ES espn, I'm not gonna air it. I'm gonna talk to talk to them. And it was a very similar situation with OCHO and I and I, I called OCHO and I had a conversation with 'em and I say, bro, that's my bad, you and I have had conversations about this subject before and I should have left and I should have, you know, again, reached out to you and said, Ocho, I need you to be a more on time handle this thing a little bit more professional. But I let my frustrations and I let my, I'm not trying to big up ocho, but if we're trying to do what you want to do and what you say you wanna do, we're gonna have to be professional because people that might wanna purchase this wanna know that we're gonna be on time.


If the start time is eight guys, y'all know we can't start at 8 10, 8 0 7, 8 13 8 15. We're gonna have to be professional and I wanna be professional at all times. But I was glad that that, that that Herbie reached out. We were able to put this behind us. I know it blew up. I didn't, I didn't think it was going to go the way it did, but no, my ESPN bosses did not reach out to me and ask me to issue this. I don't know if they reached out to him and asked him to get in touch with Shannon. I, I don't know. But I just know how I felt. I was disappointed because I didn't think that added anything to the commentary and he didn't need to. Okay. I know he's happy that Ohio State won and I know that he'll, he lives in Columbus, the Columbus area, and he mentioned that he's a very good friend of Ryan Day, but being good friends and then taking a shot and I just wanted to know, are we teammates or are we not teammates?


That's all I needed to know because if we're not teammates, okay, hell, let's throw caution to the wind and every chance we get. 'cause I got my show five nights a week and I get an opportunity if that's, that's how it's gonna go, I'll take shots five nights a week until no, most no moss until I see not no white flag. I know I need to see white clouds in the sky. Totally. So that's where, that's where I was on, on that guys. And so Herb and I are good now. I'm glad we had the text communication and that's what, that's what grown men and adults, that's how they should handle the situation. We shouldn't have to go back and forth on social media.


I wish that incident did not happen. I don't think it had to happen. But I think we both learned from that situation and and how to handle situations like that moving forward. So congratulations to the Buckeyes. Herbie, I know you're happy that your Buckeyes won. That's gotta I can just imagine if Savannah State is ever fortunate enough to, to win, get too close to winning the division two or national championship. Man, I can just imagine how I'm gonna feel. So congratulations and I'm glad we were able to get past this, but I take being a teammate very, very serious. That's what it means to be a part of a team is that you don't let nobody from the outside take a shot. And so even though we're in the same family, I value team more than I do family.


So that's where I am on that. But like I said, I was glad we were able to get that and we moved on.


Apple Cart is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. You can apply on your iPhone in minutes and start using it right away. You'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Start holiday shopping for your friends and family today with Apple card subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com


from The Delta Sky Club. Welcome back Ms. Klein to the Jet Bridge. Delta Airlines relies on 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business to power operations and serve customers faster. Together we're putting 5G into the hands of ground staff so they can better assist on-the-go Travelers with real-time information throughout the airport, this is elevating customer experience. This is Delta Airlines with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash now.


Okay, bacon lovers, let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Myers thick cut bacon. Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich, smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Myers smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day twice as long as most bacon is smoke. So for that savory, smoky, thick cut bacon, keep it Oscar,


Listen pat and tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Restoform Mattress. This state art memory foam technology will have you feeling like you're sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 hours. That's the same amount of time. Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah, while you're sleeping, Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon you'll dream about. Keep it Oscar Yo. This is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's vintages fashion, Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and ventures pods where designer handbags are the real deal. And all your favorite desktop sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car, the Fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any door yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters. Or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, you know to check you have the tickets in your wallet first before you drive two hours to the big game. Seriously, you had one job. Now the closest you'll get to the 50 yard line is parking lot. D Yeah. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You are in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary terms. Apply Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates. Northbrook, Illinois


Eagles db CJ Gardner Johnson went live on Instagram in the middle of the game after being getting ejected. Man f them refs Boy. The NFL gonna get this man to find so big Lord have mercy. They might take that man whole check. Yeah, yeah. He ain't getting paid that game check that he was going to get for this game that he played against Washington. He ain't gonna get that y'all, he ain't gonna get that. He ain't gonna get it. I, I'm sorry. Yes. Mickey signs both of our checks, but a lot of other people signed my checks too. That's the luxury of having that. You have, you have your own digital platform.


People are very respect. I respect Disney. I understand them, I understand I have bosses that, but they understand and they knew that they, one of the things that when I talk to the Bob Iger, I sit down and had a conversation with him, had lunch with him when I talked down and sat down and talked to Jimmy Pitaro, I talked to Burke Magnus, I talked to Dave Roberts extensively. The one thing that everybody said, that they've done their research and talked to people at CBS and talked to people at Fox. He's a damn good teammate. Go back and ask anybody to play with me at the Bronco to play with me at the Ravens play with me at Savannah State. I'm a damn good teammate. We family now, bro. And so that's where we are on that.


But CJ bro, you know, you can't do this, bro. You know, the NFL has made it abundantly clear. I think you're supposed to put your phones up like 30 minutes before the game or an hour before the game and you damn sure can't tweet or or go ig live during the game. Oh Lord have mercy. Oh man, I just don't know. I just don't know what he got and I don't know what he hoped to accomplish. Yes, okay. You, you felt the referees made a bad call. But bro, this ain't the way to handle it. Don't get it. Don't get the NFL that free. Don't give 'em that money back.


They gonna be, just think about what you could have done with your game check. They might not take the whole check, but they gonna take a big chunk of it. Think about what you could have done. You could have your mom, your, your dad or your wife. I don't know if you're married, bro. I'm just speaking, but I'm saying come on man, don't give no money back. NFL Get enough. They got enough money. They don't need to get none of yours back. But I know sometimes when emotions are high, logic is low. But you know, this is an absolute no-no, not during the game. Not ig live, not tweeting. Not, not anything guys. We just need to be smart. Let's, let's, let's hold onto our money. I'm not, look bro, I'm, I'm not your dad, but I'm just trying to, just trying to help you keep some of your money and, and, and you know, having played the game, one of the OGs of the game, man, just be smart.


Love the way you play and love the physicality which you play with. You are one of those, one of the leaders of that defense. And I love the way you play. I love the passion in which you play with. I can tell the game of football is serious to you and I love that about you. But we gotta be smart. Let's be smart with this bro. Jerry Gushes on Mike McCarthy. After the Cowboys win, this will be a very interesting question. Hopefully OCHO can get connected real soon. Is Mike McCarthy's job safe? I've never seen a team seem to be so happy with winning. What are they?


Seven, nine, they seven and eight now I've never seen a, a team. So happy to win seven games. This is the Dallas Cowboys a team that has Super Bowl aspirations, have playoff aspirations, a deep playoff run considering the last three years they've won 12 games. They've been 12 and five the last three years. Now all of a sudden they celebrating to be seven and eight and and all of a sudden, I guess you know, Mike McCarthy is back in Jerry's good graces. He talking about he's surprised. He, he was glad the way he got them guys to play. I thought that's what the head coach job was supposed to be. I thought that's what he was supposed to do. I thought he was supposed to get the guys to play hard every single game.


I thought, guys, you're collecting a check. I thought you supposed to play hard and show up every game. But I guess not in Dallas. I mean, if you're outta the playoff, you're supposed to not play hard. And the coach job is to get you to play hard and and to earn your check. That's just me. I just, I guess we just looking, I guess we just looking at it, we look at it through different lenses. It's gonna be very interesting. Do I think Jerry's gonna bring Mike McCarthy back? I do. I do Because he, he loves the power. He doesn't want any, to give up any control. And I think we all can say this, that Mike McCarthy is head coach entitled only.


Jerry still does everything. Jerry does all the speaking. Jerry lets you know who's playing, who's signing. He doesn't have McCarthy doesn't have any say over the final 53. He doesn't have anything in free agency. He doesn't have, so Jerry likes that. Nobody that's gonna challenge him for his, for his opinion on things. I mean, Jerry gets to, to go uncheck and I get it, he's the owner, but I don't think he does his coaches any service by emasculating them, by letting the players know that he's in charge and not the coach. And I'm just a firm believer that the teams that I've been a part that's been been successful and I've had a little success in the NFL is that you have one voice. You have one sound.


And right now the the one sound, and it doesn't come from the owner, it comes from the guy that stands before those guys on a daily basis in that locker room, in that meeting room and and, and try to get those guys on one accord. And it's just hard for me to believe that that will end up happening with, with Mike McCarthy. But it's not, it's not the coach. It's Jerry. Jerry has his way of doing things. Jerry's not gonna change. No matter how much us in the media we talk about it. No matter how much the fans talk about it, Jerry likes it this way. He likes the control that he has. I think Jerry is more interested in, in, in, in money than he is winning championships because it doesn't matter.


They're the most valuable franchise in pro in pro sports. So it doesn't matter if they win, it doesn't matter if they lose because they're gonna make a boatload of money. They're $10 billion. So they're gonna make a boatload of money regardless. So with that being said, I, I don't think Jerry changes anything and moving forward. But we'll see. We'll see what happens. I mean it sure sounded like Jerry wanted to keep Mike McCarthy, but things can change. I don't know, maybe if they crash out these last two games, maybe Jerry changes his mind.


Maybe, hey they win these last two games. Jerry might give him a three or four year contract extension. It's gonna be very, very interesting what happens with Mike McCarthy and the Dallas Cowboys when these final two games wraps up. It's gonna be very, very interesting. I'm interested to see, I think all of you guys are interested to see, I think you kind of guys know where, kind of where this thing is headed. So it's gonna be very, very interesting to see how this cowboys and Mike McCarthy and Jerry Jones plays out. They've had a very, very dis disa disappointing season. I think everybody can attest that. I'm nobody's surprised by that. This is not what we expected from the Cowboys.


We thought this year they were gonna make a No, I didn't think that. But a lot of people thought they were gonna make a deep playoff run because every year you hear this is the most talented team, you know, I don't think they're talented, that talented. I think CD is a phenomenal wide receiver. They need a running back. ELL has played better over the last six weeks of the season. Offensive line needs some improvements. Digs is, is good. But he's nicked again, gonna be interesting to see how he comes back. They have some players, but I think they need to improve on the offensive line. Defensive line, offensive line, defensive line. Get better in that interior. But we'll see is good Coach.


Okay. You hear me? Yes sir. I hear You. Yeah, we were talking about Jerry gushing over Mike McCarthy after the win. Do you think Mike McCarthy's job is safe? You know, that's all a game. That's all a game. You, you understand a owner's behavior patterns when it comes to, when it comes to players, when it comes to coaches because you win a game or something happens good in a short time span, but they don't forget how they played the entirety of the season. Mike McCarthy's job is not safe. Jerry Jones knows that. Gushing like that and saying nice things to have him thinking or to have the public thinking to draw attention. Not only to himself knowing that Mike McCarthy's not going to be the head coach next year is a is full of shit.


It's full of shit and he's done it before. He's done it with players and he is done it with coaches. This is, this is the 1, 2, 3, 4 time he's done something like this. I'm not gonna bring up the names where he's gusted about them and said good things about them, including players in season when they're playing well and things have happened behind closed doors and they've been fired and they've lost their job. So you think Mike McCarthy's gone? Absolutely. Absolutely. I think he's coming back. He's looking not, not only, not only is he looking for another coach, he's not looking for a big name. He's looking for someone else who can be, I hate saying this and excuse me. I mean no disrespect to Mike McCarthy. Someone that can be a puppet. Someone where he can still be the center of attention, but he thinking he going to want to go in a different direction to see who he can have that can be the leader of men that can get them to winning like they did like, like they did before the previous two, the previous three years before, before this year.


Where they, they went 12 and five if I'm not mistaken. Over and over, even though they lost in the first round of playoffs. He's looking for someone else new. He just is and, and and saying the, saying the things that he's said. He's always saying good things. He's always saying good things like when they're winning or they, they win a game or they beat a certain team and all of a sudden that team, that specific cowboys team all of a sudden looks like the Cowboys at the nineties when they won, when they won championships. Like it just, it just, he just says anything He does, You take, you take it with a grain of salt. So Ocho we differ on, there's an Ocho thinks he's gone, I think he's gonna be back. You know, you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten. But Jerry likes that kind of control. He likes being able to and he, like I said, any coach that takes that job, you know you have the coach.


I mean look there are only 32 of them and you're talking about the most valuable sport and the ma the most valuable franchise in sports. And you'd be the head coach of said teams with your only head coach and title. You don't really have a whole lot of say Lamar Jackson said, sorry Hobar, but he won't be in the locker room at halftime. He'll be watching Beyonce Christmas day halftime show. Where you at on this Ocho? I don't think I need to say anything 'cause I think y'all know where I am on this. But go ahead. Oh, Lamar, Lamar Trollin man. He not for he not serious. He not for real. He, he definitely not for real.


Now if, if you, if you know Lamar, if you know his DNA, you understand his makeup and who he actually is. Beyonce is one of the greatest performers of not just this generation of all time. If she performing at halftime, you know what 98% of players people are gonna watch that game but understand the importance of the game. You know, Lamar not gonna be watching no goddamn halftime. So again, because but listen, because of Beyonce, I understand what he's doing. Ruffling the little feathers, you know, telling coach that he would be out there watching the halftime show as opposed to being getting ready for the second half and making adjustments necessary to go out there and compete in the second half. It is all trolling. Especially Noah Lamar that's a good one. 'cause we don't see this from him enough.


We don't see him show his personality or be funny or do things outside of the game of football in this type of manner. And I think it's a good thing. Yeah, it's a good thing that he's opening up a Little bit more. Yeah. The thing is is that, you know, the halftime show for the fans in attendance and the people watching you get to go to the game and that's what you have to like when you go to like the Super Bowl ocho, we, we understood, Mike told us like, look here, the Super Bowl is for the fans, the game is for us all the festivities. That's for all the people that's coming in now. Right. You win the championship, now you get an opportunity to partake that night after the game and then for the rest of your life you get to party like a rock star.


Right? Right. There's no, I mean now they go to Chronicle of this game. You go back, oh they've been what, 50? This would be the 59th Super Bowl, 59th, 59, the Super Bowl. Not Super Bowl 59, I think the Super Bowl 59. Mm. And so with that being said, I wanna be on the winning side of it when they chronicled it. Yeah. Because Right. I've been on, you know, played, I was very fortunate with yo to playing three. But I remember looking at the guy's faces as they're walking off the field that didn't, that wasn't on the Broncos or the Ravens. Right. I remember when we played in Tampa and we played the, the Giants and we arriving at the airport at the same time.


We celebrating like it's Mardi Gras. They looking like they going to a funeral. No, it's real talk. I mean it, it's it, it was sad. And I can just, I can just imagine. Now look, I I don't want that feeling. I mean just think about Ocho, you lose a regular season game. Yeah man. You lose a regular season game, you lose a playoff game. Don't nobody know who lost in, in Super Bowl 27, who were the playoff teams and who lost. Right. You know who won Super Bowl 27 and Oh Yeah. You want to be on the winning side because when you come back and have that reunion, now they have reunions sometimes for teams that didn't win the Super Bowl. Right.


But it ain't the same to go back and we have the anniversary. I think we about to have the, the, hold on we won 97. Nah, we'll ways away. We we'll ways away before we about to have the 30th, the 30, the 30 year anniversary of our first Super Bowl. Hello? Right. Hey, I think we got the 25th anniversary of the Ravens Super Bowl. Or was it this year? So you, you done missed it. Nah, it's this year. You going I doubt it. I gotta work man. But it's, it's, it's great. It's tomorrow all that money you got man.


You better. Hey, with Beyonce going tour again, get you a suite. Few be out in Miami, you can check out and from Christmas. It ain't, it ain't like a concert. I like he said he's never seen Beyonce in a concert. Trust me. It's worth the price of a mission. Oh absolutely. Trust me, they're very, trust me, I got my old ass out there that she had me standing, standing up. Yeah. Listen, there, there are very, there are very few people who are worth the price of admission. Yeah. That you can see once in a lifetime. Yeah. Beyonce is one of them. Yes. Brown is another one. Yep. Seeing Bruno Mar seeing Bruno Martin person. Well you Bruno Mar that what that dude is you know about, You know, you know about Bruno?


Yes. Oh, why you, you in touch. You in touch. Yes. That boy, he could play the instruments. He can dance, he can sing, he can do it all. You know what? He'll, he'll he reminds you like, because Prince could play all the instruments, Hey and Could sing and could dance and all that. Man Bruno Mars. Hey have y'all never seen Bruno Mars in concert? Hey punk. Different, different. Now there you, you have people that get on stage and they're, they have stage presence. Yes. They, they command the eye. It's, it's like going to a strip club and I mean no disrespect on I know, you know, you gonna know exactly what I'm talking about.


Yeah. And you have people that you know is dancing for the money. You know that's people that's coming to entertain. Yeah. Some of them, they model it. I'm like nah, I'll get the Victoria Secret model outta here. I ain't coming to see that. But you know, you know the difference. I got 24 top and 24. The bottom is all I'm trying to see some draws fall. Listen, Listen, there's a young lady and I always use this in reference because she was so good at her craft. She was so good at her craft. Long time ago, back in the days I used to go to the strip club, you know obviously I'm from Miami. I never forget. I used to go to king of Diamonds y chat. Y'all stay with me 'cause I, some of, some of you that might be my age might know there was a young lady by the name of tip. Name of tip drill.


I don't, I I I don't, I don't know if you might have heard about it. I, Nah, I ain't heard all. But Unc when she goes on the stage, if you went to the strip club and all you did was you went in there strictly for the wings and just to get something to eat, it doesn't matter when you hit the stage. If you had $2 in your goddamn pocket, that $2 is going on that stage. Hmm. Because it's a performance. Yeah. She didn't come, she didn't come to dance. Yeah, she didn't come to the on it was entertainment at its finest when it come to doing your respective craft. Yeah, that's what I call being an exotic dancer. It was a performance. She ain't just show up to work and say, damnit, you know what, I don't wanna be here today. I'm talking about it was like a goddamn routine.


She on the flow, she on the pole. Next time you look up she on the motherfucking cell. Yeah. I'm like man what the take everything I got in my pocket right now because you done earned it. Yeah, Ocho man they had a good, they had this girl one time she could pick up a dollar, she could pick up a dollar bill and spit quarter out, give a change for it. I, that's what I said, Lord Mercy. I said, hey, I'm glad I only went in there with 2,500 because if I went in there, anything, she got it. She got the kids fund. But hey, I had to take out, I'd had to call the Broncos and say, look here, I need an advance on next year's salary, man.


Hey, how much you went in there? 25 and only thing I had left valet, I kept $25 to kill valet. That's all I had. Hey man. Hey y'all think I'm lying? Hey y'all laughing chat, but I'm telling you man. Well you had me thinking you were finna say $25 man. You just said 25 I 2,500 left outta with 25 tip to valet man. And Hey bad. That's a good one.


That's why I stay up outta there. Women, them women be too fine, don't you? Hey Lord. Hey that's a good one. Don't you bring your camera back. You a little, you a little blurry. Refocus it. Okay, let, lemme focus out. Lemme focus up. Yeah. Damn. That was funny. Yeah, man, Man. Hey, hey, I, I then I got a couple of dollars out your boy, I ain't been in, you know, I went in there this summer one time, but you know, I don't, I don't go like I used to, but you had to see, oh, we got, I mean when you hear about ocho, you know, I, and, and and, and you hear about it in, in college, like, you know, back then they call 'em Shake Booty Club.


Yeah. They ain't sure they call him Shake Booty because the girl was shaking. You know what I'm saying? I was like, man, if I ever get an opportunity and I remember the first type of, Hey man, we going to a, the first one I went to was Mile High, you know, there was Mile High in Denver. There's one called Mile High Saloon. There's one called Shotgun Willies, which was on Colorado Boulevard. And there's another one called the Diamond Cabaret. The first one I went to where they had them, them Amazon. I'm talking about like 5 10, 5 11. I'm talking about 1 65, 1 70 from Nebraska, Oklahoma. Like the Midwest. Yeah. Oh lord, that merchant I Yes, Yes. You talking about us or you talking about the other ethnicity?


Other Man. You in Colorado, bro. Oh bad. My I know. I never been, I never, I mean like they was like that though.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC


from the Delta Sky Club. Welcome back Miss Climb to the Jet Bridge. Delta Airlines relies on 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business to power operations and serve customers faster. Together we're putting 5G into the hands of ground staff so they can better assist on-the-go Travelers with real-time information throughout the airport, this is elevating customer experience. This is Delta Airlines with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash now.


Okay, bacon lovers, let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Meyer. Big cut Bacon. Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich smokey flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Meyer smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day twice as long as most bacon is smoke. So for that savory, smoky, thick cut bacon, keep it Oscar Listen. Tired to tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Restoform Mattress. This stated art memory foam technology will have you feeling like you're sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 Hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah while you sleeping. Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon you'll dream about. Keep it Oscar


Yo. This is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing obsession For some of us it's vintages fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and venture spots where designer handbags are the real deal. And all your favorite desktop sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them and if it's your car, the future most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any doit yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters. Or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and file what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, you know to check you have the tickets in your wallet first before you drive two hours to the big game. Seriously, you had one job. Now the closest you'll get to the 50 yard line is parking lot. D Yeah. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You are in good hands with Allstate. Savings. Vary terms. Apply Allstate Fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


You know, sometimes, sometimes, sometimes, you know, I would used, I used to like go to like different cities just to see Right. You know what the what the what the, what the talent looked like. Right, right, right, right, Right. I mean, Wizz had wizz on last couple weeks ago and he say Houston got the best exotic dancers. That's what Wiz say. See, But again now, no, no disrespect. You know I don't go to Houston often. You, you and I said there where there will never be a time where we would move to Houston. But when I think about Houston, I never hear the stories about individuals that are just, wow, she wowed me. You got to go see her because she gonna take all your money. Right. You are going to willingly give her all your money.


I haven't heard a story about someone like tip Drill where people are flying out of town, they're coming from out of town just to see this individual, not dance, not strip, perform. Yeah, you walk inside, you go to the dj, you ask the guy who's the guy, whoever the guy, I don't know what you call the guy that Mike, you know the dj. Oh the DJ who talked throughout the entirety of the night. Let me see the list of girls. When is tip drill going on? That's all that matter. Yeah, that's all that matter. 'cause you understood what you was gonna get. Yeah. Entertainment and whatever you had in your pocket, you get in your money's worth plus. Yeah, I but here's, it's hard for me to say Houston ain't got 'em when you know the level of talent that they got that's just walking around.


So I could just see. But everybody, hmm. See everybody look good though, UNC, they get money and they getting tipped based off of looks. That's what I'm talking about. I'm fine. I ain't gotta do much, But hey, I ain't gotta do at some point in time, Ocho I'm in there. I'm looking for not beauty. Get on, get scrub the grind with it that don't play with, oh man, look here. Hey, if I'm walking in the ball, if I'm in a restaurant, I'm a happy hour. I'm looking for beauty. Yeah. Not booty, but if I'm in the strip club, come on with it now. Hey, keep on the sip. Now maybe I need to have another drink. Make it look better than what it refocus. Okay. Yeah man. Hey, I mean, just, just for better context, man, I just, I mean, and this is back in the days, this is king of diamonds.


Obviously I was a young pup. I didn't go out much obviously here in Miami. But that memory of just being able to see her, to give people better context when it comes to performers and entertainers like a Beyonce or like a Bruno Mars or, or like a Chris Brown that, you know when you go and you watch the perform Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Because of the enter the entertainment value that they bring, the stage presence that they have. Everybody doesn't have that gift. No, no, no, no, no. There, there are a lot of entertainers, but everybody doesn't have that gift to command the eye and your attention. And you not, you might not fucking blink the entire time they're on stage, but it would be Right. Because you don't know what's gonna happen. You don't know what's coming next. And that's, who's that? That's who that young lady was for me in my small experiences with the nightlife.


You know, I I I did it maybe, maybe a year or two if that Yeah, If you know, just, And still to this day, you gotta think I'm damn near 59 and I still remember. Oh yeah. Oh, I still rem. Oh my God. Oh, I ain't, when They, when they Ain't never seen nothing like that. Oh, oh, oh. Hey look, I married you, you, I married you. Hey man, look here with osha. Y'all see, the Lord knew what he was doing. He didn't gimme a whole lot of money, so they couldn't get a whole lot of money outta me. But had I been a far around them, Yeah, I'm about Been Where they now you, you would've been one of them that walk in the club and she bad.


You sit down, she give you a dance. Like, I don't want you to dance for me. Just sit down here, let talk. That's it. And you whisper it. Like, why? Listen baby, why, why, why, why you in here doing it? You, you know, Hey Ocho, you know you ain't gotta do this. Right. I don't even know why you got, you ain't gotta do this. I can make all this go away tonight. Not tomorrow, tonight. Let's leave this place behind. Hey, You Gotta tell her. Listen, go back there. Go pack Pgy bag. How much, oh, hold on. Hold. You gotta figure this. How much did, how much did the tip out, Mike?


How? Lemme ask you question. How much, how bad, please. Hell no. Hey, listen, I'd have heard, I'd have heard the stories. So what I'm saying happens. Yeah, I know, I know a story that happened. I had a, I had a homegirl dancing dude came in there said, why you doing this? Said why You took her out, out.


She Said, why You and did, and she got 26 carrots on her finger. Woo. Yes. She must have been bad, but hey, She my home girl. So I ain't never looked at her like that. Right, Right, right. Hey, Josh Allen orbiting for an unlikely one C. Saving things for the playoffs as an offense is how much are you willing to show? Are we wanting to go to extreme and show everything in our arsenal? There's a line that you've got to that you've got the tow bro. We try to win games.


You always gonna have a couple of plays that you saved for the postseason. Yes, but bro, you got 200 plays. Now granted, teams that break you down. Now here's the thing about, 'cause guess what? OCHO Coaches have already started potential teams that we could face. So they've already started breaking them down. Yeah. A lot of times. Maybe fans of home. Let me give you some insight. I know you think once the playoff starts, that's when they start. No, no. We start two weeks in advance of breaking, coaches are breaking everything down. We could possibly see them in the first round. We could. And we start, they start taking 'em down.


They feed the computer and the computer starts spitting it out. This is what they do on, first down, this is what they do on first and 10. This is what they do on first and five. This is what they do on second and ten second and five second and one to three third and long third and one to three third and five to seven. Okay. This is what they do on this area. The field backed up. This is what they do in the red zone. This is what they do on midfield. This is what they do at plus 50. This is what they do out of this personnel. This is what they do out of that person. Bro. That thing is extensive. So that's what I say. Coaches, I don't know about any of that. Coaches, I could just talk to the coaches and the Broncos. When we was at our heyday, 96 to 98, the coaches were spending a hundred hours a week at the facility.


Now, I don't know what, seven times 24. How much time is that? That's eight two. So carry the two 14. That's 148 hours. There's only 148 hours in the week. Right? How many hours in the week? 1 68. Okay. 1 68. A hundred of those albums was spent at the facility watching film. So practice and watching film. You go home, Hey baby, how you doing? You get a meal, you might see the kids. You see the kids and you come right back over there.


Yeah. That's what, that's the level of dedication that you gotta have. Right? And so they spend that kind of time, bro, if they spend that kind of time, I got to spend that kind of time studying it. I need to know former than back was what that guy gonna do. I'm looking a, I'm watching, I'm looking at his foot placement. When he, when his foots like this, he drop in coverage when he like this here, he expecting run. I'm looking at all that stuff. I'm looking at the la Oh, you back off the ball a little bit. Y'all getting ready to start. Right? Hey, watch the tv, watch the et. He back off the ball. Right. Oh, you cheating. You ain't come back. Get outta here. You not coming.


Right. You think I think you coming and that safety way back over there. Yeah. Yeah. I mean based, based off what, what Alan is, is, is saying, especially when it comes to how much of an offense are we showing. Right. You know, the funny thing about it is, when it comes to teams and game planning, week to week, your game plan always changes. Yeah. Game plan, no changes based on who you're playing. You have a a, a group of plays that fit for each team you're gonna play. Some things you ran last week aren't gonna work on next week's team. Right. That, that just, that just goes without saying. Right now, most of the stuff you do run, your tendencies never changed. Right. Plays you run, never change.


But the scheme and formation in which you run them now that does Yes. Same. It's the same plays over and over with a wrinkle of two here and special plays for certain superstar players to get them the ball. Yes. And to get them in a group and to get them going. Now that's different. Yeah. We gonna run some, some plays out of 12 personnel. We're gonna run some plays out of 21. We're gonna run plays, some plays out. 11 personnel. The personnel might change and the plays, but hey, we just got different people doing some of the same things. That's the only difference. And how well can you disguise it? And, and you put Our tendencies, like when I caught that ball against Pittsburgh Ocho, we hadn't run 3 24. All pivot.


But actually it was 3 25, 3, excuse me. 3 23. All pivot. We hadn't run that play in 12 weeks. They called a play John that play in the playbook. I know. All 200 plays that play ain't in the playbook. Right. Run it. That play. We didn't practice that. He, I said, it is not in the playbook. He said, it's now, now go get open. Well, it's 36. We don't get that first down. Pittsburgh had gained all the momentum because we jump out to a big league. They got the momentum. Man said, go get open. Okay, we ran this play in week five, week six, let's go do it. And we get the hardest coverage. We get, we get two, man.


Ooh. But so you already got somebody. So you already got somebody sitting up underneath you as soon as you come off the ladder That decide how they played the two man, when the safety split, the linebacker right. Looked, I think it was Jason Gilden looked like he was gonna blitz. He dropped right in front of the pivot route. Right. Ocho, if he does this, the ball hits the back of his head and goes to the ground. Right. He tried to do this and when he did this, by the time he swipe the ball, the ball was on my chest went right by Him. Yeah. The ball was on by chance. That's right. When they say it's a, it is a game of interest. It absolutely is. That that's, that's, that's, that's an example of it right there. It Is. But there's a lot that go into it.


You don't understand. Sometimes I think fans just think, guys just show up. But there's a lot of work to go into it. Yeah. That's being the best that you possibly can be. So you imagine what we go through as regular players. Now think about what's on the quarterback's plate. Time is, it's a reason they, they get paid the, the money they do. And to process all that. Don't Joe, all it. Look, I know what everybody had to do. What I look, I go, I know what I gotta do and if somebody gets injured, and if I have to go in and play that position, I know what I gotta do. But that joke gotta process that stuff at a million miles an hour. One's covered. Let me go to two. If three, can I get to three or do I take the check down or throw it away?


And it's every single game. It's every single play. He has to be operating that. Yeah. I mean that's why people like you must have been Ocho and you could attest to this, your adrenaline's going so much. It's hard for you to go to sleep after the game because bro, I'm still up here. Yeah. Yeah. I'm still up here. And it takes a while for that thing to come down because I'm come Down. Yeah. Bad head. Yeah. Listen, the quarterback obviously you, you as well. The quarterback has to operate at a high frequency so high and be so sharp and be so detailed and has so much to process before the ball even Snaps.


Oh yeah, for sure. You're calling out your mic, the line making the adjustments. You reading the defense. You are looking at the disguise. Then you trying to remember, well, if they do this, if they run this, if, if, if, if they play two, if they play two man, if they, if if it's cup three, if it's cup four, you gotta know where a ball you, every time you run an offensive play, there is always one person gonna be open. Yes. How fast can you process that before the snap of the ball? And if they make adjustments when you snap the ball, how can, how fast can you reprocess understanding what they're doing and what they're taking away and where you gotta go with that goddamn ball. And you gotta do it in two seconds. You ain't got a whole lot of time over And over and over and over.


The sharper you are mentally, the sharper you are mentally the better. You know your opponent and their tendencies. Their tendencies and what they like to do. The easier job at the quarterback position that's upstairs. Now, once you got the middle part down, then you add the skill, the throwing motion, the ability to run, then being able to scramble and you put, and you put it all together. You get your Tom Brady's, you get your Lamar Jacksons, you get your Josh Allens, you know, you get the specifics, the that specific skillset that makes them special. Yeah. But what separates 'em from everybody else is up Here. Oh yeah, for sure. You gotta be pro able to process like this.


How fast can that process it and then allow my skillset to take over from that point, then that makes me an elite quarterback. Yep. But you gotta put that time in, I mean, study and it's so, greatness is mundane. People like, oh, I like excitement. There's nothing exciting about greatness because it's a mundane process. Because you do the same thing over and over. How many hours did Tom Brady did Peyton Manning watch film? How many hours did Jordan and Kobe and LeBron and all the greats do what they did? How many times did, did, did, did Grippy Jr. And Tony Gwen watch and watch the picture. And wa he giff like I I'm picking a picture up, by the way, killed his glove by the way.


It's had it's tilted. Greatness is monotonous. Yeah, Man. And people don't understand how boring it is to be great. Well, oh, you know, another another thing people don't understand. Everybody wants shortcuts, huh? Yeah. Know everybody. Instant access. Everybody. You know what, I wanna be entrepreneur. You know what? I wanna be a musician. You know what? I want to be a rapper and looking at those that have made it at the highest. Yes. We made it to the highest of whatever their re respect for crafts may be. Yeah. Or I want that. But they wanna take the shortcuts. Yeah. They wanna do it a short way or they want, they want to be, oh, what do you call that? Not one hit wonder. One hit one's the right thing. You have one album. Yeah. I mean one song and that's it.


But they want instantaneous gratification. Ocho. Yeah. Man, listen, you look at all the greats, look how long it took them to get where they are. It's the price. The Drakes There's, And I tell people, people go, there's a price. The Michael Jackson. Look, look when the greatest start. Look at Beyonce. Yeah. Oh, they have footage of Beyonce at seven, eight years old. Understanding Star search. What's that? That, yeah. All those, those shows. Look at Tiger Woods. Remember when Yeah. When Tiger Woods was on Tiger Woods had to be free. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All the great ones started a very, very long time ago. And it's the, it's the instant process. It's the, it's the discipline. That's what half of us, 98% of us don't have.


Unc, the discipline to put the work in over and over and over and over until it becomes routine, until it becomes habit. Yep. The things that most people see as difficult, that most people see as hard getting up in the morning, being disciplined. It just becomes routine after you've done it so long. It take 30 days to create a habit. Huh. 30 days of consistency to create a habit. And it take that much longer to break it too. Look, there's a price to be paid for greatness. And if you are not willing to pay that price, you don't deserve to be great. There's a price. It's a heavy price to be, and it's a lot of sacrifice because you're gonna have to sacrifice not only of yourself, but you're gonna have to sacrifice some of your friends also.


Oh, everybody can't go with you. Everybody's not met. Everybody can't go. That's why most cars only, they can only fit like three or four people. The bus have 50. That's a good, there's a reason. You have to understand that. Man, my all your homeboys and everybody can't go. Everybody's not meant to go because all it's gonna do is slow you down from getting to the top. But as you, it's lighter because even planes, there's a limit on what they can carry. Yeah. On the elevator, there's a limit on how much you can get on there. Or the elevator won't go. Yes sir.


But somehow you think you can take everybody that you know to the top Man please. But you gonna look up. You ain't gonna have nothing left. You gonna be right there with you. You're like, man, I was supposed to be up there. And you look down, you're like, you right where you started. The Volume


From the Delta Sky Club. Welcome back Ms. Klein To the Jet Bridge. Delta Airlines relies on 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business to power operations and serve customers faster. Together we're putting 5G into the hands of ground staff so they can better assist on-the-go. Travelers with real time information throughout the airport, this is elevating customer experience. This is Delta Airlines with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash Now.


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, hell, who doesn't? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect the smoky flavor. That length of time you can fly from Miami to Los Angeles and back from Los Angeles to Miami. 12 long hours. That's about how long it takes Oscar Meyer to smoke their bacon. There's no wrong way to enjoy it, so buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon right now


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite Check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


What gift are you going to get? That person that's impossible to shop for? Give the gift of Sound. J Lab has the perfect gift for anyone with a variety of styles, sizes, and colors in the BeyHive products for under $100, under $50, and even under $25. I love that. Save up to 60% on select J Lab products this holiday season on jlab.com. Look for the J Lab Blue Box at retailers everywhere. Or visit j lab.com today.