
This is an iHeart Podcast.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places to take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report,


The NBC Nightly News Legacy isn't handed down. We NBC News. I'm Tom Broca. You Hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one miss enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool Rush for yourself.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it or in this case when I taste it. Tito's Handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Tito's made an Austin, Texas real attention to detail. I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice refreshing. Easy summer, winter, spring. Totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, the perfect time to kick back with some Titos. It's what I pour you should too. Distilled and bottled by fifth Generation Ink. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver. Responsibly The volume.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. Unc Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own bingo Ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro Madden adjuster, that's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And we have a very special guest tonight. He's a five time pro bowler out of the out of Arkansas Pine Bluff from Belleville, Illinois. And he still holds the record for the fastest offensive lineman for 40 yard dash time in the combine. History at 4 7 1. Here he is, Teron Armstead, Teron. How you doing man? I'm Good. I'm good. A how you doing? Well, me doing? I'm doing amazing, bro. Thanks for joining you. Me to skip over that on. Yeah.


Slow down Oto. Let us, let us get through the, we got, let's get through the read. We to Go ahead. Please Make you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button. And guys go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for your support and your continued support because without you, none of this is possible. So Ocho and I and everybody at Nightcap greatly, greatly appreciate your support and hopefully your continued support. Please make sure you check out Shay by La Porter. We do have it in stock. And now if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, best believe over the next five, six months, we are coming to a city or a state near you. But in the meantime, if you can't find it, order it.


We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go check out my media company page on all of its flat platforms, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84. The link is pen in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Yes, Ocho in the 2013 combine Terron recorded the fastest 40 for an offensive lineman in combine history. A record that still stands to this day, it was Close Lane Johnson ran 4 7 2. But Te Ron's record of 4 7 1 is close. And if I'm not mistaken, they're the only two offensive lineman that's running the four sevens.


There've been a couple of run low four eights, but no other lineman other than Teron at 4 7 1 Lane Johnson at 4 7 2 have been in the f offensive lineman, have been in the four seven. So as of yet, so now we are 13 years in counting 2013 to 2015. And Teron still held that record. Teron, look, you're coming outta Arkansas, pine Pine Bluff. And it's not like it used to be. There used to be a a plethora of guys coming outta HBCUs and so that would've been nothing. But here it is. Now we're in the 2000, 2000 tens and we get an offensive line and you're three times swack all conference player and you go to the combine.


What were your expectations? Did You know you had this kind of ability in you? Yeah, for sure, for sure. I, I, I knew I had the, the talent and the, the speed and agility to showcase. I just had to get to the showcase. So it was really huge for me to get that combine invite. That was, that was monumental for me, trying to get more exposure, get more eyes to my, to my tape. So I knew that I was going to go, I was going for the record for sure. Like before I, even before we got to Indy, I was going for the record out. I wanted to run faster honestly than that. But I, I take the four seven, hey, But 6 4, 3 0 5. That's, That's, I would be ready to ask you. I was getting to ask you how tall you were and how much you weighed to be able to run that.


Listen, I, I, You know, oh, I ain't run number four five, so technically boy, you, you right there with me. I'm right there on your neck. Yeah. Oh no, I was 6 6 5 3 0 6, I believe. 3 0 4 at the combine. Wow. So you knew. You knew. So what was, if I'm not, I don't know what the record was. What was the record? What was the fastest 40 time for offensive lineman before you broke It? It was 4 8 4 4 8 4. Wow. You didn't break it. You obliterated Needed it. I needed it. I needed all that. I needed that, that my moment. I was on nfl network.com, nfl.com for like two hours. I needed all of it. So, so the scouts can go watch my film.


Okay, so now you go run that 40 yard dash time you run 4, 7 1 and that's really the all Yeah. They want you to jump high. Yeah. They want you to do two, but speed is what captivates their attention. Now you an offensive lineman, you never gonna be able to unwind that 4 7 1 again, but you just wanted to put that on tape to let 'em see, look, you got a phenomenal athlete. Yes. I went to Arkansas Pine Bluff. Yeah, yeah. I know you're gonna downgrade me talking about who did I block and who did I play against, but I'm gonna co come and showcase my skills and let you see. And then the chips fall where they may That's right. So when you read that time, did You know like, okay, I got their undivided attention, I'm about to get drafted. Oh Yeah, no, for sure. Right. We, we had special talents down in, in these HBCUs all across the country we do.


So I just needed the opportunity to, to showcase my skill. I knew, I knew what time it was. I was going for the vertical record too. I missed that by half an inch. So like I knew that I was gonna be able to make that splash. And I, like I say, again, I needed it. I really needed that chance to, to get all the scouts just to watch my film. I wasn't ask for no favors, but just check out the film and, and see the dominance. Yeah. Now also when I look at the offensive line position as fast as you were, You know, as far as running the 40, did you have an advantage as far as your footwork goes when it came to playing offensive line at as well? Because most of the time, obviously, You know, playing off the line is all about your hand placement and your footwork. Yeah. And be always being, being balanced.


For sure. Sure. Did, did did that give you the advantage? Yeah, no, my, my athleticism and my agility, that was, those were my strengths when I played throughout my 12 year career. 'cause I, I 6 5, 3 0 4, yeah. Not the biggest tackle. Not not necessarily the strongest either, but I I'm on your ass. Yeah. As soon as the ball snapped, You know what I mean? A lot of, a lot of jump says I had to use that in my game. So find ways to play to my strength and I was using my speed. Okay. Well you always an offensive lineman because I mean that kind of fast twitch, you might've been a, you been a tight in at some point in time in your career. Were you always an offensive lineman? Well, back in my hometown, Koch, Illinois, we, we, we, in offense speed, that's what we do. We run, so I was a defensive lineman and offensive lineman, but I would go play 7 0 7 with the guys corner, safety receiver, whatever.


I really, yeah, I really was like, that was like that. I can't do that shit no more. But I really was like that. I can't move like that no more, Joe. Well, since look you mentioned, you say, so you what, 34 34 right now? Or 35? 33, 33 Sharan. You walk away from the game. You're only 33. Lyman normally played in at 36, 37, 38. We saw Jackie Slater play 20 years. Yeah. And he retired at, at 40 plus. And we seen Lyman, especially, I don't know your injury history. That's why, that's where I'm going with this. Right. Why walk away from the game and all that shitter out there. You see that money Facts. Oh, it is, it it's a lot, it's a lot of freshly printed money out there for sure.


But yeah, It is. Yes indeed. I got, man, God bless me with so many great moments and, and, and great years and a, a great career. My injury history is extensive. It is. It is. It it is long and I've been through it, and that's really the part for me is my body. You know, I, I love this game. I mentally cerebrally, I can play the game for forever, You know, but it's just physically and I'm, and I'm, I'm okay with, with saying that, that, that my body is, is slowing down its movements and abi that I just can't perform at the, at the same level. And I take so much pride in my film that yeah, Man, It has to look a certain way. Like every time I slip on the field, it has to look Pro Bowl all pro.


Like that's the, that's the brand I wanted to leave. So I, I never wanna look like I'm out there getting my, getting whooped on that ain't, that can't happen. You know what, It takes a lot, right? It takes a lot of, of awareness, self-awareness at that for a player of your caliber or any player that's played in the NFL that's played at a high level to understand when it's time to call a quiz. Most of the time we will ride, we'll ride the, ride the car to the wheels fall off, You know? For sure. But no regard for, You know what, I don't look the same. At what moment did you realize that? You know what? I really don't have it to be, to play at a all pro or or a Pro Bowl level anymore. What, what moment did it hit you? Yeah, I, I've been dealing with an a knee since my third year in the league, but it, it is, it, it's been with me from, for my entire career.


So man, just I'll speak on this year alone, I didn't see a practice field like at all. And not because I didn't want to, or the dolphins just wanted me to rest. It's like I literally couldn't walk, You know, I couldn't, after a game on Sunday, I wouldn't be able to walk Yeah. On my own, You know, under my own power until Wednesday, Thursday. So I was only able to play under, under, under the pain meds. I couldn't put any pressure on my knee. So it was like, I can't keep doing that to myself, man. We, we, it comes that time. Yeah. 33 and you now you get to be 40 and all of a sudden you're like, man, what my liver shutting down my kidneys and all the other things from taking those pain medicine because I know, I've seen, I've seen Lyman have to take Vicodin just to practice.


Right? I get, I get the game, I get the game. I really do because, You know, hey, that's once a week, but the practice, oh yeah. Hell yeah. No, that's crazy. That's, and that's what, that was the norm for sure. I didn't, I didn't wanna fall in that cycle. Right, Right. But the thing is, as Ocho was saying, it takes a space because to the catch to the lay person, they don't, they don't, they don't, they don't really see what, You know, and the, the, the thing is, is that when you, it's kinda hard to let go and not practice because as an offensive lineman sets for everything, right? You, whether you on jump set when you, hey, hey, lazy feet don't, that's a fact.


And, and the thing is, you got to practice that during the course of a week. It's hard for an offensive lineman to just go out there on a Sunday jump set quick, set a stab, whatever the case may be, and just to go and you going against the best of the best. Yeah. You, you said it, you said it. It's, it's the reps. It's, it is, especially for offensive line play, we we're so based On Yes, it's Everything. So based on technique and time and, and, and all the hand placement and not, not to mention the cohesiveness of everyone because You know, we're, we're the only unit that never comes off the field outside of the quarterback. That's one person. But we're the only unit that never comes off the field. So that chemistry and time, and it just is really tough not getting those practice reps and then preparing mentally for X Crosby and Miles Gary and, nah, that ain't cool.


Like, that's not okay. I'm can't keep Doing that. Dealing with TJ yt. Listen, I Can't, I'm not about to keep doing that man with no practice. Like, come on man. Them boys got It. 'cause like you said, you talk about your offensive teron, you talk about your teeth. Excuse me, you talk about your offensive lineman and like okay, they get somebody else in there to practice it. But you and that left guard, y'all need to be cohesive. Yeah. You need to like be on the same level and pass it off because if you are on different levels, gotta go hit that crack. Right. And now everybody like, man, that y'all hate Justin, but see you might be a little slow. He might've been a little fast. Yeah. And now all of a sudden you give up a sack when y'all should have had that situation covered.


I don't, I look, and everybody doesn't do it the same. 'cause I remember practicing with Gary Zimmerman, who's a, who's a two decade, all decade player in the eighties and the nineties. He went to the Hall of Fame, but he didn't like, he didn't like me to chip block. He didn't like he was hitting people too hard. He like, Sharpie don't touch him. Yeah. He say, because if if I, if I jumped at him and you hit him, you gonna knock him inside and now I can't get him and everybody's gonna think I got me. Right. Yep. So don't touch it. Yeah. No, that's the real thing. Especially, especially if you, you have a big physical tight end like, like yourself. So like, you hitting him too hard, he getting momentum, he getting like a jolt into the, to the inside move. Yeah. You know what? I got him. Just get out the way, get open, go get open.


Jonathan. JO now I played with JO Jonathan Ogden, who's the first ball hall of famer. He like, Hey, knock him, knock him out if you can, For me, it depends on who it is, man. Who, who over there E ex. Exactly. But You know, like you said, certain offensive lineman, they want some, I mean, hey, stick and stay or some guys like, don't touch it. Right? But like you said, that practice, like for an offensive lineman and seeing, like, like I said, I've worked with them for like four years, worked with jail for two years and to see what they go through because they're working on their sets. They, hey, they kicking up. Am I gonna stab him? Am I gonna quick set him? Am I gonna jump set him? What, what am I gonna do? And now in the, in the game, man, I want to jump set, but that knee bother you.


Now. I can't, I can't, I Can't see, I can't do what I want. Do you feel me? The mind is the mind say, do that, that body say, bro, don't you do that. You hurt. You can't do that. No, me can't do it no more. Hey, team, when it came to playing the left tackle position, I, I think about my approach to playing receiver when it came to DBS and studying East DB every week and understanding what type of DB I'm going against. You got some that are quick, some that are fast, some that are physical, some that, some that, You know, play off or whatever it may be. What was your approach when it came to playing defensive ends each week? Was, was your, was your approach different as far as from, from a technical standpoint? Did it change up things you did depending on who you were playing that week? Well, I've always said this Ocho that I, it's a lot of parallels to me.


A lot of similarities between oline tackling, tackling D end and receiver in corner. Yes, sir. Like that, that one-on-one matchup. It's a lot of dynamics there that, that's parallel to me. The technique that goes into it, tendencies, like you said, is the pressing. Yeah. If I, if I jab inside, what is he doing with his hands? Same thing. What, as I'm reading the defensive end, right? I'm looking at their alignment first. How wide is he getting? And then it get off, You know, how well is he toing his snap, then I wanna see his home runs. What's, what's his go-to move that he's consistently winning on? Right. What's he's running on the most? I break that down. That's the one I wanna take away. I wanna take that one away. And then, all right, what's the second highest percentage? Move to counter.


I'm taking those top two away. Right. Throughout my career. That was the, the, the goal, my objective of game planning, I wanna take them top two winners away. Now if you beat me with a third, you, you, you a bad man. But yeah, you going, you gonna have to get that. But for me, I was taking those top two, top two moves away. Yeah. And one, one of the things that I've always liked to ask players that, that once they're done playing, who gave them the most fits for me? You know, everybody asks me all the time, listen, you played a very long time. You've going against some, I've always, You know, had to deal with the number one DB and everyone ask, You know, who gave you fits. And obviously the one person I say every time that night was locked up in 2009 was Yeah. That hell, he locked everybody up. But that Res had to be super strong.


He ain't asked you about nobody else but you, you see how you, you see how you Snitching. We, we talking, Hey, but, but who fist? So you just wanna give him they flowers for doing a Yeah. Doing a hell of a Yeah. No man, I had some battles. I had some of these guys I saved too many times. Like I didn't, I didn't want to have these rivalries going on, but You know, that's how the schedule would go. I played miles a ton. Miles was always Yeah, one of those. He's one of those you gotta, you can make sure you eat breakfast. Like he's, he, he's one of those for sure. But the guy that gave me the most fits. Yeah. And I, I probably seen him the most and he is still underrated in my eyes. Right. Robert Quinn. For real.


Robert Quinn. Man, Qui, listen. Oh, that first Devil Quinn, He been in the edge. He, yeah, listen, Robert Quinn, he got, he probably got the most sacks on me. Like outta everybody's, he's the person that say I, I got two on Tte. Like he, he probably that one person that can say that. Right. Okay. Okay. That dude gay, he, yeah, he, I don't even wanna see him. Yeah. Post career. I, I don't wanna see him no more. I'm cool. We can't be praying nothing. I don't wanna run into Robert Point. That's dope Because it, it's, it's, it's real. It's really like a dance. It is. Because like you said, they getting out wide. They getting out wide. They getting to that wide nine and now hey, you like, okay, I know he gonna come wide, but what if he dropped and bull me?


Yeah. Okay. Now he going hit me and then he spin inside. Yeah. So I got, I got all that going into, I gotta look at him. Okay. What is he doing now? I'm kicking, I can only kick so far 'cause the damn quarterback right there. Hell, I keep kicking. I'm gonna be in that damn laugh. So I can only get probably like two picks and then I gotta say yeah. And I gotta take, I, hey, I gotta be, I don't want him to get it. I don't want him to bend the edge on me because these, these, like you said, miles can bend. I can bend. But I also, I also don't want him to wax on, wax off across my face, All that. We, we trying to process all that man that they lining up in this Y nine and these athletes are only getting, they're only getting bigger, faster, stronger. Yeah. So it's, man, it's, it's, it's tough to deal with.


Like, Micah playing Micah Parsons for the first time. Hmm. It was Christmas day. We in Miami, beautiful day. We smacked the Cowboys. That, that ain't part of the story. But seeing, seeing Michael Parsons for the first time in real life, it was different bro. Like you are, you are way too big to be moving this fast and being that Well, like, yeah, it just, the, the athlete, the evolution of the athlete is just, it's becoming something, something different man. Mm. I'm cool. Yeah, I'm cool. Y'all. And then also Those guys, it's, it's special watching, You know, playing against Derrick Thomas. But the guy that I had the most respect for, I only played against him for two years. 'cause I was only in Baltimore two years.


I've never seen a guy his size that quick. Who was that Jevon curse? Mm, the freak Man. Free. I the free, the first time I played, the first time I played him, man, hey, I turned around and say, Hey, y'all better throw it. He was gone look out block dude. He took a step down this because I got, I had to step so I stepped with him, man, when by the time I put my foot down, he was on my shoulder. That's a bad feeling. Well he get to your, he get to your shoulder and you ain't extended. Hey, you might, that's a, A bad feeling. That's a bad feeling. Wow. Hey, hey uncle, you saw the picture? I, I was, I just saw Jevon curs in the airport leaving Philly Day before yesterday.


Oh did you man, Before he got that, before he hurt that ankles. Ocho dude was, I'm talking about you talking about somebody like he like 6 4, 2 50. I'm talking about all, I'm talking about five best gloves. I mean, his hands look like a catcher's. Mi did, did, did Kurt get in the, did he get into the hall? Nah, nah, nah. He, he was, I mean, close Tennessee, he was at Tennessee, his best union in Tennessee. He goes to Philly. Philly And then he had, he messed up his ankle. Okay. And it, it messed up his ears. Yeah. But hey, back in the day, You know, dealing with dt, Bruce Smith was fast too. Bruce could bend in for a guy his size normally guys two 70, they can't bend like that.


Bruce be parallel to the ground. That don't make sense man. That move that you see Derrick, that you see Vaughn Miller do where he dip on the Oh yeah. And hit and come down on one hand and get back up. Yeah. Bruce could do that at two 70. That's, yeah. So, hey, that's why you guys make the big bucks, man. Not enough. That's why you guys are the highest paid on the offensive line. We need some more because you guys got the toughest assignment because you're dealing with, like I said, basically it's like Ginger Rogers and Fred Astaire. He's coming forward. But you gotta mirror what he does moving backwards. Yeah. Right, right. And the thing is, you gotta target that's sitting right there where it's, and and basically everybody in the shotgun now.


So you can only set sofa before he sit your ass in the quarterback lap or he reach over the top and you agree. Listen yo, we need some more money man. I like, we need some more. We need some more of that money. We need it.


Ryan Reynolds here from T-Mobile, I don't know if you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants, assistants switch you to Mint mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only, then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee, full terms@mintmobile.com.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this contents not investment advice and trading crypto involves risk. For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Alright, take this out. Saquon Barkley is coming off his best year of his career, which ending in him becoming a Super Bowl champion with the Eagles and now he's gracing the cover of man 26. Saquon was asked if he retire at the top of his game or going to the wheels came off. I'll probably be one of those guys that will be out of nowhere. I'll probably just wake up one day, whether it's the next year or two or four and just be like, yeah, it is over. I don't think I'll ever lose that passion. The competitive nature is always going to be there. I like, probably my favorite player of all time is Barry Sanders. So probably similar to that, maybe one day like out nowhere I'll probably just be balling and just like, yeah, it's a quit t damn we just talked about that.


'cause yo your situation you just like out of nowhere, like yeah. Yep. You not here. Not not as sudden. Really The ones in the, in the inner inner circle, they, they knew the situation and I was trying to push through. I was looking for options to continue, but it's just, it's over for sure. Like I knew it not as sudden as like Barry Sanders or or Calvin Johnson. Saquon is incredible Hall of Fame talent for sure. It'd be a he, he can't walk away all, all of a sudden. He, we we need, we need to see some more of that. Man. That's a special talent. Well the difference is between them situation and Calvin and Barry, they got tired of losing. Yeah. All Right. For sure that He's in a situation where he is. I mean you just went to the Super Bowl right now if you start to lose, but Barry, Barry got to the NFC championship game in 91 and never got that close again.


Correct. So Barry got tired of losing Barry wasn't injured. Yeah, I mean you talking about the guy had average 1500 yards for 10 seasons. No, for sure to go, You know, Calvin the same thing. Calvin like, bro, you man, we ain't getting no closer. Yeah, yeah. And I'm going out here and I'm doing all this to my body. Yeah. What am I really doing this for when I don't really have a realistic chance of getting to and winning a Super Bowl. So I think that's the different sa is in a different situation now. If he was at the Giants, yeah. He probably just go like one day I'm out here. But in a situation where he is with that offensive line without of offense with that defense. Yeah. Deal. I, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't think he just wants Yeah, the money different too.


Yeah. I mean the, the money's all the money different. Obviously different. And obviously he just got paid. They gave him a nice nice, nice nice Nice 20 mil a year, Joe. Nice Pay raise and yes sir Quan for a running back for that position. Obviously with a position not as being as valued as it is now, but being somewhere now where they appreciate you for what you're doing and they showed you love. I don't see Saan retiring until he has that, that coming to coming to grass moment. You know what? Right. I can't do it like I used to. That's a fact. I don't have that explosion. I see it the same way. Oh. I think that'd be the only time he actually calls it quits when he realize is, You know what, I can't get, I can't bend that corner like I used to. I can't hit, I can't hit that A or that, that BAC gap like I want.


Yeah. That, that, that wanna be it. And that, that ain't sayquan, huh? Probably 26, 27. Oh boy. He got, he got 28 just but here's the thing. Ocho Lane Johnson's still there. Ma Lotto still there? Yeah, J still there. Oline nice Land Dickerson still there. So Oline nice. It's not like you see some of these off, some of these guys, the offensive line get old and they starting to move with 'em out. That's the best offensive line in football. Yeah. They're not going, it's not like they're about to drop off a cliff in the next year or two. Not at All. And they, they got 'em all in the contract. They just did Lane's contract. They just didn't buy contract.


They just just did Dickerson contract boys. Jerson is a rookie that was on a rookie contract. Nah, he ain't going. You know, You know what, it's funny when you think about it as good as Sequan is and as good as that offensive line is, even if Saquon was to loser step, let's say in maybe, maybe a, in three years, I if that with an offensive line like that, he will still be able to do what he need to do because Oh fuck look that much better up front. So he won't be able to go 80 yards with anybody without anybody touching him. So now he might have to break a tackle two yards from the line of scrimmage as opposed to running through those holes that I, my old slow ass could probably get five yards. I ain't gonna hit my head on the goalpost like him, but I might get five yards.


TI gave About three or four yards. Huh? Fall forward. I gave about three, four. Them, them, them licks hurt. I can imagine. Nah, I ain't, I I hadn't gotten hit on the match in 22 decades. Yeah. I shadow like ice. You know how you drop ice outta the cup to hit the kitchen floor? You gotta, you gotta remember they not hitting like we was back then. Now it's different. Oh, they, it some, Some still. I done forgot how to fall. I done forgot how to tackle it again. Yeah, you see, you, you start loop a, You know how it is t when you go, like when you leave the season and you come back and you gotta go to training camp, you gotta to relearn. Oh. Those senses don't tingle like they did like once you get going like training camp and now you go to the season, they don't tingle them.


And now 20 years, man I be getting, hey I run the shallow cross. It's a zone. I You running through the zone. Hey, they gonna get fined. They gonna get fined though. They might hit you with, they gonna have to pay, But I won't be fine. They might get fired, but I won't be fine. That's the Problem. That's the word. Yeah. Yo Ocho yo, you twist it up on me man. You usually have on the Cartier shades. I I got seven pair of Cartier shades over. I was gonna be Ocho tonight. Real. Hey, You Know what, twist it up on me. Maybe I pair You, see what you got, what you got, lemme Whatever need. You know what I mean? We in there. I'm Ocho right now. Hey, hey listen Bobby, listen, it's time. I, I keep wearing the same ones over and over. I'm trying to say the rest of them, You know, for football season when I'm on tv, I got car, I got, I got you Springs.


Right. I got a different color to match each suit. All right. Yeah. That's a different Bracket. And I got a different color that match each suit. And I got, I I gotta send you dude information right off of Twitter. He from Canada, bro. He got everything. Unbelievable. I need it. I need it. Unbelievable. I need it. I'm I'm I'm gonna put mine back on the week on day. Right. I'm gonna switch up. Yeah, Go, go. Gonna put the, we Gonna switch him up. Ur says that when he's a vet, he'll have rookie organize his locker. Take a look at, take a look at this video guys. When I'm gonna bet what I'm gonna do, I'm gonna have a rookie organize my locker every day before he leaves. If Flaco told me to do this every day, I would do it.


I go to him every day and I say, Hey bro, you good. You need anything right him, because it's respect. I, you feel me? I feel that I ain't working. So when you came in as a rookie, what did the vest have you do to run? Well, Vests were pretty, pretty good to me. Man. Jar Evans, Ben Grub, Zach Streep, tho those guys were pretty good to me. I just had to get 'em. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Get 'em breakfast. But every Saturday, food for the plane, s snacks, toiletries, I had to bring that type of stuff to the facility. Deodorant, body wash, all that good stuff. So trying to find a, a ride to Walmart. 'cause Uber didn't exist in, in 2013, so trying to find a ride to Walmart, get the stuff for the guys and I haul it in to the facility.


But they were, they were pretty, they were pretty smooth on me. Yeah, that's what it was. I mean, they want breakfast sandwiches, they wanted donuts, they wanted chicken Yeah. To come, they wanted Popeye's to come to the plane. I'm like, come on guys, y'all bro, y'all know man. And for and back then, You know, we drove, You know, we drove, drove to the airport, but we had our own hangar. So you drive up, go get on the walk up and get on the plane, man, You know man, I was driving so fast driving breakfast, man, trying to get there. Oh bro. I'm on a rookie contract, man. I can't, I can't afford no 1200, $5,000. Fine. Yeah, man. Damn. Yeah, I, I remember that piece. I remember them day. I, I I re I I received a group.


I mean, obviously Theves, when I came in as a rookie in Cincinnati, man, it, it, it was, it was love. You know, there, there was, there was a certain amount of respect that, that I showed and there was a certain amount of respect that they showed as well. But you remember Donna Scott? Yeah, I do. Yeah. Donna Scott, Danny Farmer was there at the time. Ron Dugans was there and it, it was, it was all love it. It was nothing to that magnitude. Like some of the stories that I, that I hear. Nah, I think receiver Room, we have the hardest time with that. The receiver room is always that, that respect because They, how they be trying to buck the receiver, be trying to buck It is always a, a hard time with that. We've had a situation in Miami last year, not a big situation, but Tyree, Tyree Hill had bought one of the rookies a Christmas gift and the rookie didn't like it.


Really? Like what? Like, no, I in it, it's cool, but You know, you ty you Tyree I expect you gimme something better. You know, something bigger. You make it 30 am a year. You know what I'm saying? And Tyree was really hurt by that. Like, he was really upset that the Guy didn't, Hey, what did, hey, what did he get in? I'm trying to remember. It was like a, it was like a, like a Gucci cologne set or something like that. Some type of designer cologne set. And this, this young boy, he, he 21 years old in Miami. Man, he probably don't even had no cologne. He don't wear no cologne. He don't want that. Right. He wanted Tyreek de bomb something with a little bit more, little more splash to it. Yeah. That was nah, Receiver plus you'll sing it, You know, you gotta sing at, at, at at, at training camp and not no damn fight song either, because don't nobody, ain't nobody go to your school but you, so you gotta sing something.


Whoever the latest is now, like, probably not. It'd be Kendrick Lamar, Drake or whomever the hot rapper is right now. Back then, You know, r and b was still big when I was coming up and guys singing Teddy pit, the guys was singing, Luther was singing Barry White. Yeah. Guy. Hey, They undefeated song. They They, they, they did the thing y'all have, did y'all have a rookie show? T Oh for sure, for sure. Mike mcd was, he was big on that and Sean Peyton was too. Back in New Orleans, we would do the song, most of the guys would would do RB old school RB. Yep. Yep. I feel like the, and you guys probably have a different song, but I feel like that undefeated song when the rookie starts singing it. Yeah. And that rookie show the whole crowd on Jordan end. It is Fantasia, when I see you, it's over.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He start that you get to the first 30, he get through the first 30 seconds. Yeah, he won. Its on because everybody going Yeah. Song. Hey, You know what that song, that song right there is like when the the swag surfing song. Come on. It'll matter where you at or what you doing. Everybody joining in. Yeah. Don't grab somebody's shoulder De wow. You Gotta grab somebody. Everybody, man. Yeah. That's it. A New Orleans. What that Here we come to get you. Here we come to get you. That was New Orleans. Bad New Orleans back then.


That Superdome used to rock. Man, I, I missed, I missed them. I missed that place. Hey, I miss those fans. Hey t it was crazy. Matter of fact, Think you, you went to Arkansas Pine Bluff. Yes, sir. And matter of fact, when I was at lan, You know about Langs University, right? Yeah, Yeah. We, I, when I was at Langston, we played Arkansas. Pine Bluff either they came on, they came on down to, is it coil or steelwater? Whichever one it is. It's back in 19 90, 19 97. We played Langston my freshman year and Langston beat us, bro. For Real? It was bad. It was bad. It Was a bad, I know y'all took the bus because we took the bus everywhere. It didn't matter. It was, it was three hours or if it was 12 hours, you on that bus.


I was on that bus. We was on that bus paired up those Good days. And well see the way we did it is like the starting offense and the starting defense on one bus and then the backups on another bus. Yeah. Y'all didn't remember Offense and defense bus? We did offense bus and defense bus. No. Hell nah. Start us on one bus at, at, at the back on sort another. But one day You mean Don ride together? Yeah. You ride The bench. You ride this bus, huh? Yeah, you ride. Exactly. Hey, Talking about segregation. Oh yeah. That's crazy. How they supposed to get better, man, they can't sit and talk to none of y'all Because we back there playing cards. You know, spades.


We playing cards. We, we, You know. Oh yeah. We own one at the back, the back of the bus. You know what I'm saying? We act, as a matter of fact, we wanted to go to the back of the bus. Okay. Yeah. But hey, all of us. It wasn't nothing special. 'cause all of us was black. We had one. Our kicker was white. Yeah. It, it, it, it wasn't no it wasn't no thinging. I'm sure it's the same thing with you guys. Same. Did y'all have a white kick or a punter? Both White kicker and a punter. That's it. Oh yeah. And a linebacker. We had a, yeah, we had a linebacker too. He was a bad man. But that's what, You know. But you, you missed that. I missed, You know, taking over, You know, going to Tuskegee, going to, we're Burlington, North Carolina just because you, You know, you, you taking a bus.


Yeah. I mean it ain't no you no plane. It doesn't matter if it was, like I said, if it was a hour to Georgia Southern and Statesboro or you go into Tuskegee or you go to North Carolina, it didn't matter. Spartanburg, South Carolina didn't matter. You on the bus. Yeah. We would take, do we take that 10 hour bus ride to Houston? Thank for Prairie View, Texas Southern. We take the 10 hour bus ride to Alabama a and them Alabama state. My first flight in my life was, we got paid to come play utep. So we flew down to utep. They they paid us to beat on us. Yeah. Well that was my first time. I'm trying to think, what if, oh, first time on a flight. I think I went to Black college.


All American. I think I went to Pittsburgh. I think maybe I flew to see my brother play. Oh yeah. But other Nah, but no, you wouldn't take it. You wouldn't. But you missed that. 'cause guess what? We could stop by a convenience store. He was like, man, the, the guy was like, because I was, I was the, I was the capitalist team sold the band. Like man, sharp man. I'm ho man. How Coach Davis to stop by the stop by the convenience store. I'm like, I like coach man. I'm ho Coach can we stop by a convenience store? Coach Davis looked at me and said, all right ho, we gonna stop. But you responsible for it. Oh man. He already know what they going do. They clean the store out. Oh, Y Y'all had that NIL money back then. Uhuh.


No, we had no NIL money. That's why he told me I was responsible for 'em. Yeah. To make sure they ain't put issue in their pockets. No, ain't no NI money. That's why he told me I'm responsible for and I'm standing to the door. Hey. Mm. Take it out Man. You was mad man. Man, Ocho, how that gonna look? He ain't stop everybody Ocho. Yeah. You can't see everything. But I tell you what, they tell you what I wouldn't do. 'cause I was one of the few guys that had a, had a vehicle and they like, and people were like, man, to this day they're like, man, char wouldn't give nobody a ride, bro. I know who had stuff would follow him out the store.


I know who a bag of potato chips, soda honey buns, fish would follow you walk out the store behind you. Right. So no, you not getting in my car. 'cause everybody knew who my, who I was and what I drove, man, I just know they got in the car with Shannon. It was Shannon Sharpe. They ain't gonna say nothing else. It was Shannon Sharpe. Oh no. Even if he had a little, little honey bun or slides, little Swiss roll or something. He zebra Cake. He might have $3, but he gonna come out there with $5 worth of stuff. So no, He got so for you. No, No he didn't. No. Oh no. And the mall never go into the mall with him. Yeah, absolutely not. Danny, what do you think about the locker room this season with two going through his third and fourth major concussion?


How do, I mean, look, you, you can do all you can to try to protect the guy, but at some point in time he gotta protect himself. He has to know when the journey's over. You can't at, at no situation should he be allowed. I don't know what he was thinking. That you gonna go head, that you gonna go head first on somebody knowing your history. Yeah, Yeah. No, he, he definitely, he's, he has to be aware is, is no question about it. And he is aware, but even more, and now it has to be proven on a, on a weekly basis that he understands his importance and impact to the, to the team, to the franchise, to the city without Tua under center. It's a different, it's a different team, it's a different look. But with him under, under center, I strongly believe Miami Dolphins can win any game that he's a starting quarterback.


So No, you're you're ab absolutely Right. Except when it gets 30 degrees. Oh, here we go. Let's get, let's get into it. Let's get into it, Man. But go ahead. But with Tua, go ahead With Ua. Yeah. No, he, he has to know that, he has to know how, how much of a value piece he is and, and whatever it needs to do, but just, just knowing the guy, knowing how much he love the game and, and the way that he prepares man, it's that competitiveness. Yeah. Against Buffalo this year we stagnant offensively, we get a drive going and he's trying to extend on the third down and try to get another first down. It's just, he can't be the one to do it. You know what I mean? Yeah. But it's just him being a competitor trying to, trying to wield a team. Yeah. I I think, I think I, I talked, uncle and I talked about this last, last year sometime when he, when he went out.


I just think he has to learn to fall a little better. Under, under understanding. Yeah. The, when winter to especially, I remember that first down where he went head first. He still got, he got up. But it was like one of the moments where you'd like, ah, Yeah, yeah, for sure hold your breath moment. But just, You gotta know where the journey's over Knowing when the journey's over and then when he gets hit, knowing how to fall correctly, You know, especially when you go, when you go back and you don't try to do your best. I know it's hard, but I was, it's something that I trained myself to do is when you get tackled, when you going backwards, try not to let your head hit the back, the back of the, the back of the ground. As hard as it does. I mean, what I used to do is if I get hit hard and I know it's backwards, I'm going backwards.


I will tighten my core and try to keep my head upright the best I can, the best I can. Just so I don't get that boom, that, that, that, that initial shock which causes Yeah. Cause the That's the one though. The one that you falling back, hit the head. That's the one That'ss. Yeah, that's the one. If I'm getting Hit that I'm hit, I'm do I do my Best. Like I'm holding the ball. But I do my best as if I'm as if I as if I'm bear Huging dude, You know, in a sense, obviously not literally bear huging, I'm just saying trying to keep my body in my upper body and torso as close to him as possible. Even on impact. Just so most of the force isn't the back of the head bouncing off Ocho how you feel about them guys on the sideline? If they, they jump out of bounds or, or you trying to fall for, for the, for two more yards.


What you, what you think about that It all, it all depends. In his situation, he can't do it. Not even on four because he's two valuable. Right? Right. He gets a first down and he gets dinged. What have you done? Okay, you got the first down. Now your backup has to come in and finish out the ball Game. Whole different thing. I'll give you a prime example. Peyton Manning. Once Peyton Manning hurt that neck, they never let him do quarterback sneak again. Yeah. If you notice, they don't let Patrick Mahomes, since he hurt his knee, they don't let Patrick Mahomes do go straight into the line of scrimmage. You see, you, you have to protect the guy. No, That's a fact. That's a fact. He took like protect With. He's gonna have, they, they're not gonna let him do it. Obviously you wouldn't do no touch push with Tua. But second of all, bro, you got slide.


It's okay. Yeah, it's okay. Slide. Dude. It funny. I'm not looking at no quarterback. Oh, he tough for what? Only, only You're not used to taking those licks like that and they looking to punish you because you don't have the protection of the pocket. Because once You leave that pocket, you a runner. So I'm gonna hit you like pre game, pre game. I mean, you go from, you have Drew Brees for a number of years and then you go from tour. What was it, what was it like? What was Brees like? Rees was a, Rees was a, a killer man. He was an assassin. He prepared like, like a federal agent.


Yeah, he was, he would be, he prepared man. Like he was trying to build a, a re a case on everything that we, that we played. Man, you would you hear the cliche first one in last one to leave. Yeah. But that was genuinely him. That was truly him. I would see him on, on those off days. Man. He's, he's preparing like none other and you seen it every week and it don't, it was no matter the outcome of the game too. This was the special part about him. No. No matter how he played individually or if it was a win or lost, he put the same amount of time in. He gave everything the same amount of attention and respect. Playing a Falcons twice a year. That second game, even though we just beat them about 15, two weeks ago, he is gonna put those same amount of hours in and, and that's why he was, he was the greatest.


Wow. Hey, hey t did you understand before, did you understand the animosity in the hatred that the Saints fans had for the Falcon fan? Did You know that? No, I didn't. Honestly, I didn't, I didn't know that was such a thing, but I quickly adopted. Oh man. Quickly adopted quickly. Like, I hate them folks still think I find for real. Listen, I think I found out maybe two or three years ago, and here I go try to have a kumbaya moment trying to get fans. It's not happening. Not no. Become one of the game, You know, and it like, man f no, like f Nah, no, I'm talking about like, for real. I'm thinking they, You know, I thinking they playing around on Twitter, man. Then people say like, this is really, I really hate them.


People like really? Yeah, no, they do not mess with the same safe fans. Do not mess with Falcon fans and Falcon fans. You best believe they don't ever, they don't ever with no, I hate that rival. Was that serious? I had no idea. I didn't, I didn't either out show. Yeah. But I, I, like I said, I quickly adopted it. I, I still hate 'em to this day. Like I'm not rocking with the Falcons ever Laces own leather ranked the NFL atmosphere from best to worst. What do you think the, the, the best atmosphere NFL atmosphere is? What do you think the best one is? Honestly, Hey Unc, it gotta be between Kansas City and Seattle.


Mm. Kansas City, Kansas City's number one.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store, gas pump earns you instant Rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms, apply again. Visit gemini.com/card. Now terms, apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025, and spend 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts. This content's not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk. For more details on the rates, fees, and other Gemini credit card terms, C rates and fees.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures, and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Su, CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming, how she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment, and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Can.


Okay, we, I'll go through the top 10. Cal. The, the Chiefs are one, packers are two, sea hawks are three. Vikings are four. Ravens are five. Bills are six, lions are seven, saints are eight. Patriots are nine. Cowboys are 10. I don't know how Cowboys made it because they know I'm feeling man, they lose all the time. Yeah, no, for sure. The stadium nights though. I I think it's just rating the stadium, ranking the stadium for the Cowboys. I don't think it's talking about the environment be I was shocked. I was shocked to see the many game they lost. They lost like six games last year, huh? Yeah. And cowboys don't got, they don't really have a, unless they're, unless they're winning.


They, they, they're fans will show up, but it's so many people in that stadium. You, you will hear it. I'm shocked to hear that, that that New Orleans was, was so low on that list. That Superdome is crazy. You know, it's, it's Superdome crazy. Yeah, but y'all, y'all, y'all been, y'all been, y'all been struggling. Y'all been on hard. Oh, y'all been some lean Years. Oh, so this is, this is last year's like best atmosphere. No, but I'm just saying, look. Yeah. I, I give y'all credit now. Y'all, y'all be making some noise. 'cause I remember Katrina when y'all was, y'all, y'all played in San San Antonio. I think they was in San Antonio when they came back and Gleason blocked that point. Yeah. On that Monday night game against the FI mean, you could literally hear it through the television. Yeah. I mean, it was a, I don't know. And Sean Payton, all the people said they've never heard it that loud before or since that night.


Yeah, no, that I'm, that was a definitely aru moment. But during my tenure in New Orleans, we were always, it was us, Seattle. Yeah. Y was good as far as like the loudest crowd noise. The saints was always the near the top. Hey. And I'm not surprised that a look, I mean, look at this, A lot of these sea, well, Vikings a dome, lions dome, saints, dome, cowboys, dome. It's, it's something about when you can get a, you can get an outdoor arena and you get that kinda like the Chiefs have. Yeah. Yeah. Or like when I played the Broncos, man, oh, my high, that thing be rocky. They, that 76,000 I'm talking about they be going crazy po chargers right down here at the bottle.


Hey, You know? Yeah, yeah. Charges hand. Listen, I, I've been in some great atmospheres. I've played at every stadium that's on haw. And I, I honestly know one number two should be the Bengals, honestly. Boy, Stop. Yeah. Cut it out. Listen, You Never cut it out. No. Listen to me. T stay with me now. Alright. Never been in a jungle, boy. You've never been in a jungle on a primetime game in Cincinnati. You see what? You gotta see what you had. You see how you preface the t Yeah. A primetime game Sitting around and play off. And it, it ain't gotta be no primetime game. It can be any game. It could be a preseason game. It could be A-A-A-A-A note of what you scrimmaging against yourself under the lights.


It ain't gonna be RTUs. That ain't what y'all do. That's what we do. That's what we've been, the cultural has changed tremendously. You hear me? I've been there uncle. I was. Yeah. It does not, I was there with a zone I give you, I give you credit Ocho It is, it has from my earlier years to now. I feel like now is is a a lot better atmosphere. They were they all white? Yeah. Yeah. It is. It is. Rocking Joe Burrow, the icy White. Thank you. It's not in the top 10. Not in the top 10 though. What? Nah. Guess what? No, it's not, not at all. I, when they wear them icy whites, all you gonna do is see 'em c is see them ski marks because they gonna poop the bed they already got. All they gonna do is wet and whoop the bed. I mean, ain that going on, it pop off. That's the Baltimore Raven coming out uncle. I know what that is. I know what that, that's that hatred y'all was asking me about when the five in a saint, Well, Baltimore don't know the hatred.


Fullers Y'all. Steelers. Yeah. Steelers. No, we and us for in, in the Denver, it was the, it was the Raiders then the Chief Ryan. I got What was that for the Bengals, but the Raider, the Bess. It was, it was, it was the Steve, I Mean, DDU during my time it was, it was the Ravens, Ravens and Steelers. Mm. It was bad. It it was Y'all beef with c Cleveland because y'all tried to see who owned CL Ohio. I, he's asking Ain't nobody worried about y'all During my time when we used to beat up on the Ravens and the Steelers. That's It. Well, maybe you did. I was, I was long, I was trying to go get On Ray of the field.


You saw me fucking him up. Put that shoulder on him. I seen him put that shoulder on him. Put That thing on him black. Yeah, he put you down. But you got, I don't know the fire way out there. I tripped Cardinal, the bear, the Chargers. So what, what you thinking though, Joe? What they, what they get right, what they get wrong? Who, I mean, no, this, this is about right though. Who, I'm not sure who made this list, but it's about right. You know, the funny thing about it is the fact that some of the dome teams are a little low. That's a testament to the fans in Seattle, in Green Bay, in, in, in Kansas City. And funny thing, the first thing I said before, soon as you mentioned, we were doing a ranking of best stadiums. I said, I said Kansas City and Seattle right away.


Seattle, it's so god damn loud. T Yeah, yeah. No, for sure. I don't know if it's the way the stadium is built. I don't, I don't know what it is. It's like though you be on the field and can't hear nothing. Yeah, no, for sure. The Seattle game we played in my rookie year in the playoffs. Mm. And Oh, that was Beast Bowl the Beast played that One. No, that wasn't that man. No. Oh, Okay. Bye. Bad. No, that Wasn't, I wasn't a part of that. I would've tripped, but no, in second round of the playoffs and Sean Payton. So we, we went up there, we kind of like battled for the number one c middle of the season. We played on Monday night, it's 28th to nothing. Immediately. First quarter they smacked us. So when we go back and the playoffs, Sean Payton had us, all these custom earpieces made dead silence.


So all week we wore these earpieces and we non-verbally communicated every play, every snap count. And we got up there and we, we, we did it. It worked like a charm as far as that. We still lost. Of course they went on to win a Super Bowl. But it was, it was that Ocho to your, to your point. It was really, it was so loud. It it like hurt. Yeah. So we had these custom earpieces. Yeah, they like astronauts where They used stabbed that with, with Kansas City. We did that with Kansas City. But the Old Kingdom, before they built this stadium, they used to have a, they used to have a dome in Seattle called the Kingdom. Do Yeah know that. Didn't know that. They, now it only holds about 60,000 Ocho. But boy you talking about wow, It being rocking, huh?


It's because it's always rain. The after it's always raining in Seattle, those people walk around sad all week and they go in the stadium and scream. That's all it is. It's all the rain. The old, the Astrodome was like that steel. Oh, the House of Pain. They used to call it the House of Pain. They d well, You know they had Warren Moon, they ran the running shoot and they defense man, boy. But the bills, the bills is like the Bill Stadium. That's why They got a, they got a nice football. I, I don't know what they call it now. I don't know what they, what they call it in Mark or whatever they call it Highmark or something. But it used to be called Rich Stadium.


Yeah. Ocho Dijo gonna be talking about Let's go Buffalo. That not gonna lie now it's dope. That's that, that was one of my favorite places to play throughout my career. That energy is, is fierce. Djo Start jumping around too. You better tell me. Yeah. Nah, that it is hard. It's hard. They got a nice atmosphere up there. Hey Buffalo got some crazy fans. Boy, They suck though. They suck. Oh yeah. They tailgate. They go jumping out. They rap, they tailgate. Jumping on burning tables. Yeah, yeah. No, they, they got real football up there. Real football atmosphere. Hey, You know what, You Know what's funny too t when you think about it, Unc, listen, Buffalo, Buffalo fans deserve they flowers anytime it comes to donating. You know when other players, So They Talk what Buffalo fans come through like no other.


No, that's a fact. That's a fact. That's, that's a Fact. They always show love man. Yes. They used to tragedy. They always lose. So they know how to handle losing well. You know what I mean? Like, they know how to get close, get to the door and it get closed. Shut on 'em. So they used to lose then they know how to handle it. Well, yes, We good. Oh, so you good Chiefs one. Packers, Seahawks, Vikings, Ravens, bills, lions, saints, Patriots, Cowboys, saints. Too low. That's too low. So you think Saints should be in the top five? Real, real Saints atmosphere?


Top, top three environment. Oh, whoa. Wait, hold on. If the Saints top three environment then, then Cincinnati would damn show gotta be in top five. No, it ain't even the same argument. It ain't even in the same, thank you. Yeah, no different decibels. Now the bike is, I, I hadn't played at this new stadium, but the old Metrodome, you played Old Metrodome, right T Crazy. Crazy. Oh, And I hate them too. Can't stand them. Who was Aggravating That I played up there band where they had, they had Johnny Randall, they had Chris Doman rest his soul. They had Keith, Keith Millard, they had Al Noga and they had Henry Thomas, Hank boy, they had a defense out of this world.


Boy, boy, boy, boy. And Floyd, the defense Court. I think it was Floyd Peters. Floyd, Reese, Floyd. What's Floyd's last name? I think it was Reese. Boy, you talking about Cub? Don't man, don't let them sack Don. Don't you let him sack that quarterback teeth. They was doing that Man. They start blowing that horn. Yeah. Alright, Jordan, because right now he just logged on for a fact. He one of the, one of your first athlete, the original music. Mad fan guys. He been trying, we've been trying to get him on for a minute. We linked up a couple of weeks ago. He said, man, let me come on Nightcap.


And here he is. Ladies and gentlemen, your favorite rapper's favorite rapper. Simple. What did you bro? What's up punk? What's up o Yeah, what They do, bro? Man, we living life. We blessed, we alive, man. I'm loving. And man, happy to be here with y'all. Y'all know I'm a big fan of the show. Shout out to my good, my guy up there, man. Big do. I'm not a Dolphins fan, but I'm a dolphin supporter. It's all good. I'm a dolphin supporter. I got fan out Miami. But shout out to you man. Shout out to the whole crew. Yes Sir. Shout out while you, I make sure you're from the Bay living in LA now. So were you a Raiders fan? You a 49 ERs fan? I'm a Raider. You see the, the Niners to us, they like the, they like the Premadonnas of the bay.


You know, they like the, they like the pretty girl at school. Everybody want the Raiders. We got in that grit and growing up, my mom was in real estate, so one of her first real estate deals was Lance Johnstone when he came to the Raiders. Yeah, yeah, yeah. 51. I remember. Yeah. He used to give us tickets to the game and my mom would always take me to the game. And then one of my close friends, Ty Jones, he was drafted to the Raiders from our high school Deer Valley. So I always been a big Raider fan. Marshawn Lynch, Charles Woodson, You know, always been a big Raider fan, man. Alright, we're gonna get you outta here. CJ Garder Johnson goes off on dc Vic Fangio on ig.


I was a test dummy for them. So now they can be like, my scheme worked or did my skillset make it work. I had zero issues, people had issues with me. So yeah, let the salary cap be the excuse. Big Fangio. He said that CJ Garder Johnson Trade was a salary cap issue. A salary cap thing. And I'm fine with it. Just don't let the young guys know like, y'all did me. Damn. Hey, what, what? Hold on now. Basically he said the situation was a big bad Joe, the defensive coordinator. He said the re they traded him because it was a salary cap issue.


Now they didn't save a whole lot of money. Maybe a couple of hundred thousand dollars. But moving forward, because you got who you got coming up Ocho, you got that big dog up front. Yeah. Jaylen, Carter. Carter, Jaylen Carter, Jaylen Carter. He going, it's gonna take some bread, big bread. And then you got, you gonna have brother be gonna have Brother Mitchell, he gonna be coming up. You gonna have Cooper Dejaun, he gonna be coming up. Right. So they they, they clean the house. So, You know, but I, it happened, bro. You got a ring, you got an opportunity to come back. You got a ring and, and somebody wanted you. When somebody trades for you, t lemme know what you think about this.


T when somebody trades for you, they're telling you they want you. Okay. The other team didn't want me. Yeah. But this new team traded for me. They gave up something to give me. So clearly they see the value in me. Yeah. Even if the whole team doesn't. Yeah, cj, cj, he, he real passionate man. He's, he's very vocal. That's, that's his, that's his, his biggest attribute, his passion, the way he play the game is like, that's how he is off the field too though. Yeah. He's, he's very, he's very vocal, very passionate. So if it's a way that he's feeling, you really can't convince him otherwise. So like, even though that the Houston Texans did want to, they wanted him, they traded for him, they gave away compensation for him to be a part of their team. CJ still gonna let the, let Philly know how he feel. That's just, that's just how he is. That's how you are.


Yeah, uncle, You know, I talk to CI talk to CJ all the time, man. CJ and I are, are really close. Like, like t said, he is very passionate about, especially about the way the game, the game of ball in general, the way it is and some of the things that, that, that he knows is going on. I, I think he allows that passion and love for the game. He forgets that it's business at the end of the day. Always has been. Always will be. And, and and I far It's tough though. It's, it's tough when you devote so much, You know, like you said, t think about it. You getting out there and you can't walk until Wednesday and you out there hobbling and you doing everything you can to give 'em everything you can and then they do something like this. So I tragic. Yeah, I-I-I-I-I-I-I definitely get it.


That's the question. I I I'm trying to, that Was something I want something I wanted to ask all three of you guys. Like what's it, what is it like kind of being married to a situation, you may have bought a home in this city or whatever it may be. You raised a family here and because it's time to blow it up and we wanna get younger players in, what's that like, that transition, like having to know you gotta leave. I, you, you understand it. You understand it, Sam. Like I, I already knew at some point I knew my time was coming. I didn't know when that day would be. But obviously I was able to squeeze out 10 years. Normally 10 years is your cutoff point. No matter how good you are. If you go down the list of some of the great receivers that have been, very few that stayed on one team for a very long time.


The, the two that I could think of, maybe the longest might have been Jerry Rice and Larry and Gerald, You know, Jerry, Jerry at some point left. But Larry and Gerald's, one of the few I could think of that stayed at one organization for a very long time. I knew my time was coming. So while I was there, wherever I was at, whatever cars I was dealt, but I often to play my hand. See my, I had fun. So when that time did come, You know, and I was at peace with it 'cause I understood the business side of it, which is why I chose to have fun instead because I understood the politics and business side that came with it. Okay. You know, it's gonna happen, but it doesn't make it any easier. Right. Because of what you or what you give to that organization. All those pain killing injections that I took all that, all all that, those, those todo shots that I took just to be able to go play.


And now I have one down year, you're like, oh yeah, good. Seven consecutive pro bowls, first team, all pros, three A five, y'all all that. Man, It's tough. I ain't gonna lie to you. Hey TI ain't gonna tell you no lie that yeah, that is, I'm like, bro, damn, I thought I was gonna be one of them. John Elway and I gonna get me 12, 13. Yeah. 14 with one. Yeah. No, it's real. It is real simple. For, for real. Just and just to add to what, what Ocho and, and Unc is saying, especially it's, it's today's media and Adam Shefter and Ian Rappaport, them guys get the news before you do. You know what I mean? So that's the, that's the part that I've seen re be really impactful negatively to, to some players.


I had one of my teammates here on the same, he was a running back and we bro, we chilling in training camp, playing a game. And he just scrolling on Twitter, bro. He, he just got released by the thanks. He had no idea. Like, no, no idea. And it was real. He, he got released, they kept one of the rookie running backs that they had that had drafted. So on Twitter, he had no idea. You know what I mean? That's the part that hurt. Wow. Crazy. And the fact of the matter is, is what Ocho and I, we go around sometime, I'm like, bro, when Adam Shef and these guys be talking, where you think they getting that from? They getting that from the teams. Exactly. They getting that from the general manager. They getting that from owners. They're getting that from player personnel director. They're getting that from NFL sources.


Oh, they don't? Yes they do. I mean, Adam chef, they making, You know, lot, lots of money. These, these are insiders. They make a lot of money and they built up great relationships because, and this is why they say anonymous, this is why they say sources because the moment they give up one source, they're done. I, I hope you've made a lot of money because if you give up one source, nobody will ever go on record with you again. Nobody will ever tell you ish. That's why Adam Schefter got all those phones. That's why he taking calls. He's live on air taking calls. That's Crazy. There ain't no dummy calls. Trust me. That's crazy. That's why I got so much love for the king. You know, we see eye to eye when it come to King James, Unc.


Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. That's, I got so much love for the King because these organizations got the ability to move you where they want you to be, but you never kind of got the opportunity to pick where you wanna go. Yeah. M so let me ask you one question. I'm I'm gonna get out you guys way going, just going through your discography, man. What, what's it like to have a song with the legendary DMX Man? Honestly, bro, like I can't, I can't, I can't tell you because the way that happened, I really wasn't involved on the process of that. That was Joyner Lucas's thing. And him and X had a relationship. Gotcha. And right before X had passed, I believe that might've been the last verse, joiner told me that he might've laid before he passed.


But they had a great relationship and they had laid a song and one day joiner hit me, he was like, yo, I got this joint, me and X did. I want you to get on it. And of course I was honored to be a part of it. It's ex I grew up trying to be like x from rapping like him to trying to act like them in exit wounds, You know, so It was, it was just a blessing to be a part of it, honestly, man, I'm dope man. Yeah. Well TI know you gotta get outta here, man. I appreciate that man. We appreciate your time. Appreciate you guys. Good looking out. And when you get some more time, hey, stop back by with us again, man. We love to have you. Of course, man. Appreciate you guys. Excuse Me, Mike, Hold on. What you got?


Hey, tell us about the YouTube channel you're getting ready to Launch. Oh, oh yeah. Just really, man, being a big fan of you guys show and everything you guys doing, I'm, I'm looking to get into my own. I want to talk Oline, I wanna talk Oline d-line, some details of the trenches, how Kobe and Peyton Manon had the details show and they really broke down what they're seeing and how they analyze the game. I want to be one of those people and, and, and kind of really take over that, that avenue for Oline d-line to where it's easily digestible so I can, I can be an educator in that space. So You know, what technique is used, You know who that sack is on and, and and how it happened, You know what I mean? That's gonna be a part of my YouTube show. So Toronto Stead show coming soon, man. I appreciate you guys.


You already got a partner. Can't wait. We we got some, we got some things work in the work. You Got talk, I talk off Line. Yeah, you, you gotta, you gotta talk to, You know, big Willie Anderson, huh? Yeah, for sure. Yeah, for Sure. We really be, I mean, yeah, we really would be real good in that space. Especially, especially from an informative standpoint, playing a, playing the oline position, man. He's really, He gonna be there For sure. He really, he gonna see him. Yeah. Alright, well t we really appreciate that he YouTube show launch on June 17th. He's gonna break down be the finer points of O line and D-line play. What actually happened? The set quick set jump set. He watched the stab, he dropped down, he played for the Bull, he Bend all of that stuff.


So all the good stuff that, the intricate stuff that a lot of people don't talk about, you'll be able to get that on Tear TE's YouTube channel. So check it out. It's launched on June 17th. T Appreciate your time man. I man. And when you get an opportunity to stop back by with us, bro. Sure. Shout out to t appreciate it. Something. Yep. The volume. This is an iHeart podcast.