
This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try with future health? You can. Future Health gives millions access to affordable weight loss meds for less than three bucks a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise, and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Yo, what's good? It is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland versus Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16, I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas verse Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both greed teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


At T-Mobile, our critical mission is providing unparalleled 5G coverage for when connectivity is mission critical. Introducing T priority America's Best 5G network experience for first responders, even in times of congestion. More capacity, faster speeds, better coverage. T priority from T-Mobile built for tomorrow's emergencies. Ready today. Discover more@t-priority.com For qualifying organizations on eligible rate plans. Coverage not available in some areas and may be impacted by emergencies


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports Book an official sports betting partner of the NBA from monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to DraftKings Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with Draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the A a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Anthony Davis returns after 18 games absent versus the net and it returned 12 points. Six rebound three assists, 6 0 9 field goals in 27 minutes. Hey look up. Look, but I don't know how many, I don't know how many players the Lakers would've traded ad four, but you gotta trade in for Luca. Yeah. There ain't a whole lot of players. A team won't trade. It's reported that they called Minnesota by Antman. No, it's reported. They called Milwaukee by Giannis. No, they're not getting yolk. I'm trying to think.


Can you name another player you probably couldn't get JII wouldn't bring up JT and jb. Right. But other than that, your As nobody here, Everybody's a green light. Everybody else is a green light. Everybody else is a green light. So you can't feel bad. And I I Hey y'all know what I think of ad I love ad. Oh yeah. I like him and LeBron together because he was the last line of the fence. He could pick, he could guard pretty much one through five. He was tremendous in the pickety row. Right. Excellent, excellent help side defense could give you 25 and 12 on a nightly basis, But 3-year-old ad versus 26-year-old Luca.


Yeah. And then obviously an injury prone ad. Yes. Which which has always been an issue of his not being able to court, but understanding what he gives you once he's on the court. But the problem is, is you make the trade, it happens, he comes out, he gives you the ad you used to, but not enough consistency to be able to stay on the court to make the fans feel like, okay, You know what, we let Luca go but we still got ad he's still able to come here and produce. He, he's not, not Luca, You know, by any means, but he's still quality player that can put butts in the seats and be productive night in and night out when he's on the court.


Yes. To see him come back and have a, have a, have a have a good game night, You know, before until he gets his legs up underneath him gets get, gets acclimated to the speed of the game and gets himself back in rhythm. You know? So still decent tonight though. Yeah. That's one of the reasons. O Joe. Yeah. When he stays healthy. We seen him last year. I think he played like 70 plus games. Yeah. Which most games he's played in a very long time. We know what AD can do. Yeah. He's as skilled as anybody. He can shoot the three now he's not shooting 40%, but he got the three ball in his repertoire. Midrange game can post it, can put it on the floor, can finish at the rim, above the rim. You follow him? He gonna go to the free throw line. He gonna make 80 plus percent of his free throws.


So offensively And we know he's one of the two or three best defensive players in all of basketball. Right. We're not even, that's not even up for debate. But like you said, his injury history made it real easy. Plus this age made it real easy for the leaguer to say, You know what Luca for. Luca for ad. Yeah. Plus we got another decade of Luca And we need superstar in order to attract, because you look at that, when you look at they court side And you look at everybody else court side, only the Knicks can rival it. Yeah. It's different. It's different. And it's always been different and it always gonna be different. And that's what you need to attract those stars to come out and watch is a lose.


Right. Doc River says he doesn't get enough credit for winning three games in a playoff series where he blew three one leads. No one tells the real story. And I'm fine with that. It's unfair in some ways. I don't get enough credit for winning those three games. I get credit for losing. I always say, what if we had lost to Houston and six, no one cares. One thing that I'm proud of is that we've never been swept. All coaches have been swept in the playoffs. My team achieved a lot of them overachieve and I'm proud of that. Did he say this out loud? Yeah. I'm not sure. Hold on. He said this so somebody can write it. Wait, I is is it, is this really his quote? I mean, yeah. Is it, are we, are we happy about, are we happy about losing?


But the fact that we didn't get swept, is that a, is that satisfying? Is this some type of moral victory or something? I'm scared. It's more embarrassing that you had a three one lead And you couldn't win another game. Hey, I, I just wanna know how you feel about it, But they know how Come on man, dog. Yeah, doc, You know what, I wouldn't even say nothing. I said Yeah. Hey, that's on me. Yes. I've had three one lead in five or six series And we weren't able to get it done. Yeah. I've gotta do a better job of putting my players in position so we can get it done. I would've never ever said, I don't get enough credit for winning three games because it's not a best of five. Right. Doc, you came in and there used to be a best of five.


As a matter of fact, I'm old enough to remember they, you used to be a best of three. Yes. There were a best of three. And because you had a best of three, a best of five. Right? The Eastern western conference was the best of seven. So was the NBA finals. So Doc, if you had won three games in a best of five, you got a ton of credit. Yeah. But in a seven game series, if the first of four, not the first of three. Doc said that. Doc said that out loud. I'm, I'm just, do You know it also, I'm, I'm just want to ask you, do you really think this is his quote? Is it from a reliable source? Yes. It's him. He's talking. Yes. It's in quote. Yeah, that's what he said.


It's, it's the Mark Spears. He said no one tells the real story. And I'm fine with that. It's unfair some ways I don't get enough credit for getting those three wins. Mm. You don't get credit for winning games. You get credit for winning series. Right. If it, if it's NCA you get credit for winning games. One, one in one shot. Not In a series. Not where it takes four. Come on, doc. Doc doc is too much of a student of the game. Dark has too much high basketball, high level IQ to ever say something like this to have it printed.


Lord have mercy. Oh, How Ocho, that'd be like, that would be the equivalent of dq said, Hey, I don't get enough credit for having a 28 3 lead on the on on the Patriots. I don't get enough credit for that because I did have a lead. How many coaches ever had a 25 point lead in the Super Bowl? What good is that? You lost? Yeah. Yeah. You right. That's The same thing when, when the Houston shoot though the Oilers had that big lead against, against Buffalo. Yeah. A lead. You're talking about a lead not winning the game.


But we had a lead. It's even more embarrassing that in the first of four, right? You won three games And you lost the series still. I don't know. I I I need, I need more context to the, to the conversation. 'cause the, the way it's being worded, it doesn't sound like, come on Doc. Would you really say something like that? Would you work? Yeah. Credit for Winning. 'cause he has most three, he has the most blown three one leads in NBA history. He saying, y'all not giving me credit for winning three games. Nah. That, that ain't, that ain't ain't Who's get credit? Hold on. That ain't the way it worked though. Ain't nothing, ain't nothing you do in life.


He had a against the Celtics in 23, A three two lead lost 2020 against the nuggets in the bubble. Three. One lead lost 2015 the Rockets. He was at the clip. He was at the Clippers at the time. Lost 2012 against the heat. Three, two lead lost 2010 against the Lakers. Three, two lost 2009 against the magic. Three, two lost 2003 Pistons. Three one lost. My goodness.


Listen, what what We supposed to Do with that ocho? The, the, the difficulties of being a coach. The difficulties of being a head coach at the highest level. Here's The question. The question Spears ask him, how do you deal with all the criticism you've received from the media and on social media from losing three, one Siri leads, four times. Doc quote was a direct response to what he was asked by Mark J. Spears. Yeah. How do you feel with all the criticism you received from the media and on social media? So I guess ain't nobody else criticizing Huh?


You don't think other coaches talk about Damn doc, you don't think players say so what? You, you think I get it blaming the media? Right? Blame so blame social media. So, but we're the only one. Ain't no player. As a matter of fact, what happened when he lost the Clippers three one lead and guess management blamed him too. Yeah, they got him up out of there. Got it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Philly, what did they do? They got him up out of there. Yeah. So I guess it ain't just the media and social media. So I Have His bosses. So hold on, hold on, hold on now, hold on. Now I have a question. I think, You know, now the opportunity is given when it comes to the NFL's a little bit different as opposed to to to to the NBA.


Now he's continues to get jobs for a reason. Exactly. So you can't say Yeah, he's a great, he's a great coach. He's a great coach. He has to be great at something there that, that he does. Because there's a reason you continue to have all these jobs despite the losses that are happening at important times at the wrong times. Yeah. And they, they're letting you go, but you're getting the job somewhere else right away. Like it's nothing. So there's something special about him. Right. I don't like that answer though. Hell nah. Nobody like that answer. If, if he, if he could take it back, if he can read the quote now with a little bit of clarity and understand to me, lemme, lemme let me finish.


I guarantee he, he, he worded different, he worded differently. Because if, if I'm, I'm telling you, you see how, you see how you, in your right state of mind is sitting here reading it and then getting better context. He wasn't drunk. What he was wasn't Yeah. I, I, Hey. Yeah, yeah. Let, let's put up 'cause we wanna put some more comments because you think he was taking outta context. He had no idea. Oh no. It, it wasn't. 'cause once you told me what the question was, that that gave me a a, a better understanding. It was a direct question. So the answer and the quote was literally direct based on, You know, sometimes, You know, sometimes it leads, okay, How about this? Here it is what it is. It's a part of my legacy. There's nothing I can do about it.


I got a team that was a eight seed of three, one that's coaching, that's not bad coaching. There are several eight seeds that have actually won the Debra Nuggets was the first eight seed. They beat the Seattle Supersonics, who was the number one seed, but we'll talk about that later. The one with the Clippers is the only one that got away. But people don't realize that Chris Paul was running on one leg in 2015 with the Clippers. And we also the underdog in that series. When you think about it, Houston had home court, not us. So let me get, it was good enough. You got, you beat them twice on their home court to get a three, to get a three one lead. Right? So he was on one leg.


So one leg got you. A three one lead, one leg couldn't get you another win. Okay? Hmm. Okay. How about this? We didn't have home court. Well, it goes road to your first two games at the vi. If you the underdog, that means the first two games at they're home. So that means in order for you to get a three one lead, you had to have won one game Right. On their court. Exactly. It's on your resume doc. I think the best thing could have said, Hey look, it's a part of it's, it's a part of me.


I wish maybe I could have done something different. Right. Call different plays, put players in different situations. But to say I don't get enough credit for winning three games when it's a four game series. When it's a seven game series and it's the first of four, not the first of three. I I, I, he gotta miss me with that one. Yeah, he gotta miss me with that one. So sorry Doc. We, we can't agree on that one.


Everybody loves a challenge, right? What if we challenged ourselves to grow our savings by the end of the year? If you stop for coffee every day on your way to work, why not put the same amount into your savings account when you open a chime checking account, your one step closer to a better financial future with no maintenance fees and fee fees. Overdraft up to $200. Making progress has never been easier. And if you want access to your pay before payday, you can use my pay to get up to $500 with no mandatory fees or interest. Learn more@chime.com slash Nightcap. When my kids were in college, they seemed to be overdraft their account at least once a month. My daughter would overdraft her account. By the end of the day. They would be embarrassed because they know how I felt about financial responsibilities and the fees were ridiculous, but mostly because they were embarrassed. Join millions of CHIME members who are working on financial progress. Again, no monthly fees or maintenance fees. Fee free overdraft up to $200, up to $500 of your pay before payday with no fees, no interest. And Chime offers 50,000 fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime. Open your account in two minutes@chime.com slash Nightcap. That's chime.com/ Nightcap. Chime feels like Progress Banking services and debit card provided by the Bank Corp. Bank NA or Stride Bank NA members FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Fees apply at out-of-network ATMs. My pay eligibility requirements apply. Credit limits range $20 to $500 a $2 fee applies to get funds instantly. Chime checking account required. Go to chime.com/disclosures for details.


This is Ashley Ike from the Ben and Ashley I almost same as podcast. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try Well with Future Health? You can find out if weight loss mets are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. That is try fh.com. Try fh.com. Results may vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Database on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


You know when the world gets a little crazy and everything is moving too fast. Don't you just wish you could get away from all of it for a while? Well, that's exactly what the all new 2025 Nissan Murano can do for you. And to be clear, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. It was designed from the ground up to be a refuge from the daily grind. I mean, it has a Bose premium sound system, which can play your favorite most relaxing music. And there's nothing like a world class audio system to just transport you to a better head space. Then there's the murano's massaging leather appointed seats. Yeah, massaging seats. Talk about melting away your stress. So could getting stuck in traffic become your happy place? I don't know. It sounds like it could in the all new Murano. You should probably check one out for yourself. You gotta drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano today. Bose and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


Did You know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families with Greenlight. You can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at greenlight.com/iheart.


Ocho we've got breaking news coming in. A lot of y'all been commenting in the chat. Juju Watkins was carried off minutes into the Mississippi State game. Watkins was on a fast break, just under five minutes to go. She appeared to have gotten tangled up with a Mississippi State player. She immediately went down, grabbed her right knee visibly in po in pain. A foul was called on the Mississippi State. Chandler Chandler Prater Prater Prater. Damn. Oh my goodness. That just, that just happened. It did. Damn It did. Oh, oh, She okay Man. Oh my goodness. She's screaming.


It didn't look good. Oh my dang. Mm. What what you think I I I can't see what you think it is. You think, you think it's, I don't even wanna speculate, but she grabbed her knee and she's on and she's screaming. She immediately grabbed her knee and she's screaming, Damn. I'm hoping for the best though. I'm, I'm hoping for the best too old Joe.


I I don't, I don't even, I don't even, I don't want to, I don't wanna put that out there. Let's just say she went down, she did not return to the game. We're gonna wait till they give us a diagnosis after, after this game game. But it didn't look good. Damn Ocho March Madness has zero perfect brackets that remain more than 35, 30 4 million brackets was entered. None remained perfect. It took 43 games. But number three, Kentucky's. Well, 84 75 win over number six, Illinois busted the final bracket. So Ocho, this is the first time that a per men's perfect bracket had lasted until the second round.


Yes. 2019. In 2024. The last perfect men's bracket was busted in the 31st game of the Are you surprised that there are no perfect bracket remaining? Listen, I'm not surprised because if you look at the odds when it comes to having a, a, a perfect bracket and winning prize money or, or winning something for having the perfect bracket, I mean, you would know the chance of, of winning or having the perfect bracket is less likely than actually winning lotto. If I statistically, and if, if it's like that, the chance of having a perfect bracket, you would have to almost guess or create multiple brackets at, at, at that to actually have one that goes perfect and have a different scenarios and the, and the way games are gonna play out.


Because if you look at it, this UNC could only come down to one game. It comes down to one game. I was, I was excited and didn't even create a bracket. I just went on a limb and said, You know what? Hell St. John's is finna win the whole thing. And St. John's, they, they done win lost In the second round. They Done lost in the second round. So if I had a bracket, which I didn't, that the goddamn one team I did pick, now they gone home. Yep. And because normally we, if your team normally it's hard for you to win a bracket if the team that you picked to win the tournament gets knocked out early. Because think about all them because you had them winning. They got knocked out the ride of 32. So now they don't make the sweet 16, they don't make the elite eight, they don't make the final four.


So one side of your bracket is already gone. Yeah. Unless you are perfect on the other sides. Right. Right. It's hard for you to overcome that. But this is why people love Mark mad so much is the uncertainty, the unpredictable unpredictability of college basketball. 'cause you're not dealing with professionals here, ocho Right. You're dealing with kids, you're dealing with 18 to 20, 21-year-old kids. Maybe some are a little older now because of the portal and what we had with Covid. So sometimes the kids are 22, 23 years of age. Right? Right. Which you think of dealing, you're not dealing with professionals, although some of them are getting paid. So I guess you would consider theoretically consulting professionals. But when you look at it like that, Ocho I'm not surprised, I'm surprised there having been more upsets because normally you think so we get more.


Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Normally comes I don't think we had, we don't, we didn't have any like what, 13, 14 seeds that, that, that upset anybody this year. Normally we have a 13 to 14 seed, a 15 seed that would upset somebody. It's just, it's just hard not ocho because the freshmen, if you're really good, you leave. Right. And, and the portal guys's going back to going one school here didn't like the amount of playing time or they got into it with coaches or whatever the case may be. And so now guys, the the, the talent is spread. Guys are not just going to Carolina, duke, and Kentucky and Kansas. Right. Guys are spreading out Yukon even though they lost the day to Florida. But that's what happens.


That's what happens. And you gonna see this start to see this I think a little bit more in football also ocho the unpredictability of college football because the guys are starting to spread out, right? Because You know what, there are a lot of teams that got money now. They might not have as much as Ohio State or say Michigan or Alabama or Georgia. But hey, considering I was gonna get nothing that I can get 200, 300,000 that's pretty get money for an 18-year-old that's entering college. You know what I, when I think about it, you talking about the landscape and how the dynamic of, of the playing field has somewhat even because players are going everywhere. I think when it comes to college football, I think that's already happened. I think it's already happened from the Yeah, you think, you think of the days when the hurricanes of Florida Gators and the Florida and, and the Seminoles used to absolutely dominate, dominate collegiate football and get all the great players, especially from down here in Florida.


Yep. As opposed to now, hey listen, the kids outta Florida and Texas and in la they going everywhere. They're Going to Ohio State, they're going to Alabama. Look at Lamar Cooper. Yeah. Look at Jerry Judy, look at Jeremiah Smith. He's at Ohio State. Yep. Look at Lamar Jackson. He from Florida, he went to Louisville. So where guys, the guys from Florida would normally stay home. They're like, nah, we going They outta there. Yep. They outta There. And so, You know, if Florida could actually keep their guys, that's why Florida, Florida State Miami, the cans, that's why they were so good. 'cause they normally kept that homegrown talent. Now that homegrown talent they leave. Yeah. And so we ridley in Caval in Caval football.


Okay. Yeah. Ca ca He and his brother, they they, they went out of state and so you, you're right Ocho I think because the guys are starting to leave and starting to spread out, you gonna see you gonna, the likelihood of you see the domination that you once saw. Nah, I don't know if we gonna see that again. Nah. It, it is not gonna happen. Listen, unless, unless there's some booster from somewhere that comes along with an, an abnormal amount of money and it starting and start, let's say you in for example, or Florida State in order, in order for them to get back to their dominating ways, they have to come in, come in and come into these homes. Yes. And offer some of these five star, star five star kids or steal players from other other schools.


Yeah. Yeah. That's what you gonna need to do o Yeah. Based on the amount of money they're willing to pay them. Yeah. In order get the back in order for the hurricanes or the seminoles to get back to how it was back in the nineties. You gotta keep Yeah. All homegrown kids right here within the state. When you look at it Ocho and like you said, okay, you gotta get a kid that was like, you're like a Jordan Addison. Yeah. He won the Biletnikoff award at Pitt and now he ends up at U-S-C-U-S-C. Yeah. Because you got those big movie studio execs and all those guys that went to USC. That's a big film school. Yeah. Which one is those? Is it Katzenberg or David Geffen that went to USC?


It's one of them called SKG is Spielberg Katz and Geffen Spielberg. Katzenberg and Geffen. SKG. But I know one of 'em got a a a film school named after at USC 'cause they started Pixar, didn't they? Skg Spielberg, David Geffen. But, but that's what you're gonna have to have Ocho you're gonna have to have, like you said, those big guys to have that kind of money. You see a Larry Ellison, his wife went to Michigan.


He intervened and got Bryce Underwood to flip from LSU to Michigan. Yep. Dreamworks. SKG, Spielberg, Katzenberg and Geffen. Right. Which one went to USC? Because one of 'em has a, a Spel school named after, I think it's David Geffen, but it might be Katzenberg Dreamworks. Yeah. Not Pixar Cooper Flagg scores 18 points in his second round win of a Baylor. The Blue Devils finished the first half on a 12 Oh run. And the wind did the, the run didn't slow down after the half asserting their dominance in a 89 66 win. Cooper Flagg was once again the best player on the court, finished it with 18 points, now rebound six six at a Bach block while Tyrese Proctor added 25 points and shot seven of eight from the three.


Duke have been dominant and has shown that they still can win it all. You're absolutely right. Don't Joe. They look like the most impressive team that I've seen in, in the tournament. Hey, UNC. From top to bottom, from top to bottom in every phase on the court in transition, on offense, on defense. Everything about Duke looks phenomenal. I'm not sure. I think they might be the anomaly. I might be using anomaly in the wrong context. In the instance where I'm talking about Duke might be in one of the teams where regardless of what day it is, they probably will beat everybody. I'm not, I'm not sure who can compete with them or contend with them. You would probably be better versed and well knowledged in the game of collegiate basketball to tell me, is there a team that can actually challenge Duke?


Based on what I've seen so far and based on what I've seen during the regular season. Right. Hold on for a second. What'd you say? All of 'em went to USC. All of 'em have schools named after Schools. Yeah. So we're not surprised. So that's how USC is able to get got be able to flip, get George Addison after he won the Blin, the couple war that p and get him to come to USC. But Cooper flagged, he looked good. I mean, hey he, I mean you watched him at high school at Mount Verde. Mount Verde, yeah. And he was sensational and he hadn't disappointed. He looks like he's gonna be the pre presumptuous number one overall pick in this upcoming draft.


Oh, So he not coming back. I bet he coming back. You wanna go to the n You wanna go to the NBA? How can you get hired in number one? I can see if he's gonna be like a a a end of end of the lottery pick. Right. He's gonna be number one. Yeah. To do come back to do what? Hey, it's it, it's so funny watching, watching, watching him play today and, and watching Cooper Flagg. He just reminded me so much of myself when I was in high school. Our game is very similar. Very similar. He can, You know, he can, he can score, he can score from anywhere, mid-range, You know, put the ball on the floor, take people along, You know, in the post back, You know, back to the basket. I mean, just it's, he can shoot the three a little bit. I mean just, just very re reminiscent of myself, You know, in high school back in 1991.


And it's, it's a joy to watch. It's a joy to watch Somebody say Cooper Flagg is the best prospect since LeBron. Did you not just see Weby come out last year? So he's a better prospect than Weby. You feel comfortable saying that? No. Hey listen, one thing about, one thing about us in general, people in general society, we are prisoners of the moment. Absolutely. Whatever, Whatever is hot right now. That's what it is. And you forget about some of the great players that have come in the past. Hey nigga, my dog tidy. What's up baby Boy? You could, Hey, you couldn't let you couldn't let me get no more, no more moments. Huh? Tight is He say my auntie say my auntie had me for 10 days and I was ready for her to leave Ocho so she be stingy.


So she don't wanna be sharing no chicken tenders. She don't share nothing. So I was ready for it to go. Inflate Ocho players are complaining about overinflated basketballs. Here's a lift of the players that have spoken out about the absurdity of the ball over inflation in the NCA tournament game. Oh, come on man. You know he had Sam Decker, Kobe Bray, Kobe, Kobe Hawkins, Joseph Gerard II don't connect last year. Armando Beco. Hunter Dixon. What do you think Ocho If it's something or nothing, Man, I mean to, to me, honestly, it, it is nothing. I wouldn't be complaining about the ball. You know, when you were growing up, sometimes you had to worry, but you, you, you had no control over the conditions.


Huh? You playing outdoor, you play door. Sometimes there's no net. Sometimes there's net, sometimes there's chain net. Sometimes it's a double rim. Yeah. Sometimes the ball is flat, sometimes the ball is full. Either way you adapt, you make the adjustments necessary Now. You see what I mean? Yeah. Now we, we got players that done got to college. Now they complain about the goddamn ball in forgetting how we grew up. Well, I'm not sure how they grew up. They yeah, everybody, everybody had a silver spoon based on this area that's in college right now. I'm just, listen, I ain't even had no shoes. I had the hooping PE class and a pair of trucks. Everybody's hooping, Chuck. I know, but I'm, I'm just saying I'm still hooping the trucks and they talking about, oh, the ball is too much. And the ball man, if you don't go out there and play basketball and adjust and adapt to the goddamn ball.


What is you talking about, man? He made a boy a chat. That was the check Thata saw me. Boy, boy. Back in what? Back in 1990. Y y You look like you played in the sixties. The way you hold that basketball. Oh, I have an unorthodox grip. You hear me? I got a unorthodox grip. I have an unorthodox game. You do? So do you, lemme ask you a question. Do you think that, you think there's something to this? What should the NCH, should they look into it? Should they check the ball? Hey, honestly, honestly, a a as a player, I'm just saying as a, as a competitor, I wouldn't care about that.


That that just me. Now I can't speak on behalf of the players. If they're saying maybe the ball has too much air in it. I mean may maybe it does. Should that affect your game in any way? No. When you shoot the ball, don't hit the rim. When you put the ball on the floor, You know what to do with it. No air. A lot of air. It shouldn't matter. It shouldn't affect anything that, that, that's just me. I ain't complaining about no damn ball. I'm going out there and I'm finna hoop. If you are a true hooper, now I'm talking about a true hooper. If you are a true hooper, you adapt regardless of circumstance. I'm, I'm, I ain't telling you what I heard.


I'm telling you what I know. You think the, you think the players that go to Rucker Park, they complain about the ball being having too much air. Well, I think sometimes these arenas are bigger than what they normally play. And I think, You know, you hear the NBA player saying you gotta get used because the depth reception, because you, You know, you used to playing in, in, now they're playing in Multipurposes Arena. And so maybe, maybe that has something to do with, maybe the ball could be over inflated. It's a little, You know, go ahead. I I have a question. Don't they have shoot around in college football and college basketball too, right? Yeah. There's plenty time to make the necessary adjustments to your game, to your skillset based on the balls that you were using.


Me personally, I'm just saying they have a right to complain and just something I wouldn't complain about before we have a football game. What does the coach tell you to go do two hours before the game. Go out there and test the what? Test your shoes So You know what shoes you need to wear because you ha you might have to make the necessary adjustments based on the field you plan on. Yep. Come on now we talking about the ball having too much air. Man, we ain't even had no air in our balls in p back in the eighties And we, I, we, i I made due just like that. How about the ball got too much? Air it Man, child please man. Come on man.


This is Ashley Ike from the Ben and Ashley. I almost same as podcast. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try Well with future health you can find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. That is try fh.com. Try fh.com. Results may vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Database on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


You know when the world gets a little crazy and everything is moving too fast, don't you just wish you could get away from all of it for a while? Well that's exactly what the all new 2025 Nissan Murano can do for you. And to be clear, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. It was designed from the ground up to be a refuge from the daily grind. I mean it has a Bose premium sound system which can play your favorite most relaxing music. And there's nothing like a world class audio system to just transport you to a better head space. Then there's the murano's massaging leather appointed seats. Yeah, massaging seats. Talk about melting away your stress. So could getting stuck in traffic become your happy place? I don't know. It sounds like it could in the all new Murano. You should probably check one out for yourself. You gotta drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano today. Bows and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features


When it comes to playtime. Never let your squad down. Unlock Elite Gaming tech@lenovo.com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th gin and tail core processors. Upgrade to smooth high quality streaming with Intel wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search and head to lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo.


Yo, what's good? It is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland versus Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16, I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both greed teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both of elite programs. Legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


We gonna go, we gonna get into March Madness. I'm gonna show you this a little later. Day 1st of March Madness in the books. Hey, got a upset already. Ocho the biggest upset of the tournament thus far. McNee number 12, McNee State over number five, Clemson 69 67 McNee became the 47th number 12 seed to win a first round game since 1979. And in the process won his first NCA tournament game in school history. The performance comes in wake of coach Will Wade's agreement. He's leaving Magni at the end of the turn run to to become the head coach of the Wolf Pack of NC State.


But transparency with his players and the mission that he had contact with NC State did not become a distraction. He said Ocho, do you think him leaving propelled his team to spring this upset? I Think maybe. Maybe, maybe, maybe. So. But listen, You know, when it comes to basketball, it's one game. It's not a seven game series, it's not a five or six game series. You go out there and what team shows up that Pacific Day, your ranking don't matter. It don't matter what you've done during the regular season. Once it comes to March Madness, you got one shot, one shot to get it right and they got it right. Yep. Maybe there might have been some type of motivation behind coach them knowing coach is leaving And you wanna send him out the right way.


And if this is any testament to that, kudos to them. Yeah, they play really well Ocho. The thing is, is that there's a difference between truth and transparency. You see the difference? See, truth is you asked me a question, I tell you the truth. Transparency is you telling me something that I didn't even ask you to? Hold on, Hold on. We just started this show. Hey, hey I'ma start, You know I'm gonna start. No, we not doing that. Oh Joe, we gonna get get on to the show. O Joe, I'm gonna get into the show. You coming out with hot fire already?


Gimme that. Come on Now you come on. Don't do me like that. Gimme that one more time. I gotta write that down. I'm telling you that transparency line was unbelievable. Truth is telling you, you asked me a question, I tell you the truth. Transparency is telling you something you didn't even ask me. I'm being transparent. You don't even know. See if I, you ask, if you tell me, say, well Shannon, blah blah blah, so forth, so on. Yeah, this is what I did, but let me tell you something else that you didn't know that's being transparent and there's a difference between the two. And so I think him, even before they found out, he was like, look guys, I've had contact, there's a possibility I could be leaving you guys and going somewhere else.


And I think that plays a, that plays a large part. That's what transparency is. People say transparent, I want you to be transparent. Now I think that's a a, a good definition of good understanding is telling someone something that didn't even ask. Now you're being transparent. And so I think this def definitely helped. But like you said, Ocho in a game of this magnitude when one shot is like, and that's one shining moment, you, I just gotta be better than you for this day. I gotta be better. I ain't gotta be a better team. I just gotta be better than you. Yeah, today, Two hours. That's it. That's it. And they were, but I, I think that's, And I think that's why people love March magic so much OCHO because realistically sir, anything can happen on that Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday.


And people like that because the underdog like, man, my team really got a chance to beat the Duke, to beat the North Carolina, to beat the Clemson, to beat the UCLA or one of these blue blood programs, Kentucky, Kansas, my team, you c man, You know what my team did that, my team really truly have the chance to do that and Listen, so there's a rea there's a reason they call it March and the last last word is madness. 'cause ain't no telling what's gonna happen regardless of seating, regardless of the conference, regardless of how smooth, how small your program may be, punk, all it take is what team is showing up that day for two hours.


A team get a lot out Joe, I I think for me, a team get hot and You know, team get hot. They make, they make 10, 11, 12 threes in a college game. Yeah, that's huge. They going to run all of a sudden they can't miss, we seen it before. We've seen Villanova pulled the upset over Georgetown. We've seen NC State take down flop five Slam a Jamma in 1984. No that was 83. 83, excuse me, 83. The Wolf Pack took him down because in 84 Georgetown won Georgetown beat Houston that year because that was the year Akeem ended up turning Pro.


But yeah. And so, oh got another one. Ocho Drake is headed to the second round. The Bulldogs just upset Missouri 67 57. I believe that's a number 11 took down a number six earlier we had a number 12 took down a number five. Right? I think the thing is we're we're waiting for that, we're waiting for that 1 16, 2 15, 3 14, right, because like, like the, and the note said earlier, 47 times of 12 if taken down number five. So we've gotten kinda like, we expect, we expect one 12 to take down a five seed in the first round. We, I mean we going to the thing, I mean, so when we get this, even though it is an upset because you're ranked five, the other team is ranked 12 or 11 versus a six.


We're expecting this now because we've seen it happen so much over the years. So we are not, we're not nearly as shocked, but now when we get a one 16, we get a get a two 15, we get a three 14. Now they're like whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. What's really going on? What really going on? But who upsets early? I wonder how many perfect brackets that we still have. I honestly, honestly, you would have to make multiple brackets, make multiple brackets with multiple scenarios for your bracket to be right. There's no way in hell people are guessing the bracket on one shot with some of the upsets and getting it right because if you are, and if you're able to do it And you out there And you bracket is still intact today, you need to give me the numbers to mega millions in the lotto and pick and pick five.


Please, please do. I mean you, the the, the first round is really not that hard because I think Warren Buffet had a, had a a thing that if you compete at perfect bracket and pick the national champ, you'll get a billion dollars. But that ain't gonna happen. You've got a better chance of winning the lottery than picking a perfect bracket all the way through and getting the national champion, right? Yeah, you got a better chance. I mean think about it, Ocho, every single round from 64 to 32 to 16 to eight to four, Listen. And you get that right? That ain't nothing God's grace and fable that ain't done but that Well you better let God pick it then. You better not pick it. You better let him pick it.


You better let him fill out your, yeah, you better let him fill, fill out your, your bracket Ocho the number eight Gonzaga, the Zags beat number nine, Georgia Bulldogs 89 68. The Zags looked to be drastically underseed as the number eight made easy work over the Georgia Bulldogs. Gonzaga has now played 26 straight NCA tournament games. Georgia was playing for the first time since 2015. One team looked very, very comfortable on this stage. The other team did not. The Jag jumped out to a 27 to three lead and never looked back. Georgia had 13 turnovers, shot just five or 26 from the three, including back to back air balls at one point in the first half.


They trailed by 25 points on multiple occasions. Look, I think didn't Za just played for the national championship a couple of years ago and You know, they have really good players. They had Jalen Suggs come out there, Timmy, Chet Holmgren. So they've had Roy Ur, they've had some guys, some really good players come outta Gonzaga. So I'm not, I'm, I'm not surprised. Yeah, I I I definitely would. Even though they were a higher seed, I would've put, I would've picked the zags to beat the bulldogs. Absolutely. Absolutely. I mean, you've been there that many times. I I don't think anybody's surprised at the zags. I I'm probably the only people that that, that, that, that picked them were Bulldog fans on Saturday.


Get ready to see how good the zags are. They'll try to beat the top seated Houston Cougars to make the 10th. Wait now that's gonna be a good one. Now that's gonna be a good one. Got it. We gotta be able to handle that pressure. Drew, Timmy. That's who ah, dial what, what, what, What Number 10 Arkansas Razorbacks took down the number seven Kansas Jayhawks 79 72 in a game of runs between two championship coaches. Seven C Kansas escaped the win with eight ties and 10 different lead changes. The number 10 Arkansas Razorback used a seven oh run to give Coach John Calipari a 70, 79, 6 72 victory over the Jayhawks and Bill Self in the Providence Road Island.


What you think I mean Coach K left, he got the criticisms became a little bit unbearable because I don up bro, every year think about all the first round draft picks that you've had. All the number one overall draft picks that you've had And you've only got one national championship to show. And Kentucky is about championships. Coach r Tubby Smith, Rick Pitino, even K Stack one. But you got number one overall at pick. Anthony Davis, you got Carl Anthony Towns, you got Boogie Cove, you got number all John Wall, you got Sha Gil, you got Tyler Hero, you got Jamal Murray, you got Devin Booker, you got the Vanderbilt. Come on. Come I listen. It's been a farm system for them.


It's been a farm system for them. Yeah. In and out with number one picks some of the greatest not only to play collegiate football, but some of the greatest also in the NBA. But also uncle, you gotta think about it. Think about the, think about who they, they were losing to. They weren't losing to no scrub. They're also losing to other players. Right. That play well collectively as a group. Now you just, you we name, we naming one off some great players that happened to be on the team, but the team that they lost To. But you do realize that John Wall and Boogie Cousins was Oh yeah, they was On the same team. That's why, that's why, that's the key word that you heard me say. The team that they lost two played together collectively as a group much better than them. They've been longer mustard. So, So, so sophomore. They are so the team that's beating them are sophomores, juniors and seniors sprinkled in where they're just one and done.


And look, learn, try to learn how to play together because all these guys, Murray was the guy, book was the guy, hero was the guy. All these guys were the guy. Now you are asking all these five star to come together and says, okay bro, for the common good, Hey this is what you need. It's hard. It's really hard. 'cause everybody has the same ambition is to go play in the NBA, but in order to get there, you're gonna have to have sacrifices. And it's hard. It's, I mean, you look at the teams that win, they got juniors and seniors sprinkled in there. Look at UConn, You got that. They're not as, they're not as, as, as, as, as, as deep, as far as, as far as juniors and seniors. And they're struggling.


They don't, obviously they don't have the same talent. You know, you lose clinging And you lose Castle, you lose some of these other guys and so you're gonna struggle. But Coach Cal pulled it, coach Cal got it done in Arkansas's first win in the tournament as head coach of Arkansas. We know he was at a lot of different places. Whether we had Matt UMass, he ended up going to, he was in NBA, then he goes to Memphis, then he goes to Kentucky, stays at Kentucky for a number of years. He did win a national championship, but he moves on and he gets his win in there. The number one Seeds, Auburn in Houston both take care of business. Auburn beat Alabama State. 83 63 Auburn Cruise behind 23 points from Miles Kelly and 14 points 11 rebound from Player of the year candidate Johnny bro, setting up Saturday date with the number nine.


Creighton Houston will play SIU Edwardsville, oh to beat SI Edwardsville 78 40. Dang. Kevin Sampson was able to rest his starter for much of the second half after building a 28 point lead in the first half. No star to played more than 23 minutes. Houston has been hard by injuries in the NCA tournament the last three years, but it cruised into the second round with his entire rotation intact. Ah, So no surprise. I mean, I think some people, a lot of people probably got used going all the way through, at least into the Elite eight, if not the final Four. Now, now listen. Who did you say Houston has coming up? They played Zago on Saturday, right?


Yes. Okay. I, I don't, I don't think I'm, yeah, listen, I, I ain't, I ain't no telling what's gonna happen, huh? It, it is one day. But Hu Houston is good. Houston is very, very good. But again, it's called March Madness for a reason. The Volume.


This is Ashley Ike from the Ben and Ashley I almost same as podcast. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try Well with future health, you can find out if weight loss mets are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. That is try fh.com. Try Fh.com. Results may vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Database on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


Okay? So we all need to get away from the world. Sometimes. Well, in the all new 2025 Nissan Murano, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. Just picture it. The Bows premium sound system plays your favorite music. As the murano's massaging, leather appointed seats melt away your stress. Yeah, that's a real getaway. Drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano Today. Bows and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


Yo, what's good? It is Jeff C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA Tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland verse, Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16, I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both gritty teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to. Probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the Final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's. Right Now you can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around Gotta be Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness


At David's bridal. Love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom dress, and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person. Book an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more at davids bridal.com.