
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it, in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist. At Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's S-P-A-C-E eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80, The Volume.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. We are so, so sorry about this game tonight, but You know what? We are here. 1 49 to 1 0 6 OKC Dropped 45 in the first quarter, 42 in the second quarter. 87 points, the most points scored and a play and a half of a playoff game. And then they dropped another 37 for good measure in the third quarter. And we knew it was over. Well, we knew it was over in the first quarter, but we had to watch anyway. But we thank you for joining us for Nightcap. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host, the Liberty City Legend, the Bingle Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro bowler Pepe, that's Ochocinco Johnson. And all the way from Arkansas, little Rock, Arkansas that is from the University of Arkansas.


Yeah, I saw Joe Johnson. Joe, thank you for joining us to talk all things basketball. Please make sure you hit the subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you. It's nice like this, that we really, really appreciate you because the game was a blowout and here you are tuning in to hear us talk about this ball game. We can't thank you enough for your support and your continued support. All things Shehe Media, Nightcap Club, Shehe La Porter, and Merch 84, check out Shea by La Porter Premium VSOP, the best premium VSOP on the market. Thank you guys for the support so far.


We greatly, greatly appreciate that. Now, if you cannot find Shea by La Porter in a city or a state near you, order it online, we'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of his platform Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. That link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last tickets for our Not Safe Work tour, our own sale, eight Stops. Goals as followers followed. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, LA, Miami, New York, Chicago. We close things out in Detroit.


Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. Shehe media.com/tour. Get your tickets now and come out and check your boy OCHO and UNC out before we get into the this exciting game. The Thunder Pomo, the woo. It's been a while. You know what I remember Joe, I don't know if you remember this ocho. Yeah. In game four in 2017, I think that was the first year KD was in Golden State and Game four Cleveland dropped 86 in the first half against, against Golden State. And it kind of reminded me of this situation like this.


Most points in the first half of a playoff game in NBA history, I thought they had an outside a chance to break the Celtics record because if I'm not mistaken, I think in a game two, the Celtics scored 1 57 against the Knicks. Now they weren't the same Celtics that You know that was winning championships in the 80, but there was still a good team. They had started the age, but they dropped. They did a number on the Knicks. Shaa Gil Alexander was sensational and they showed you why he's going to win the MVP 33 points in 30 minutes. Eight assist, 11 of 13. He was perfect from the field free, free throw line. 11 of 11. I don't know if I've ever seen a stat like this, Joe. Nah. Plus 51 and plus minus, no, no. Oh, plus 51 plus minus.


Yeah, that's Chet re plus 34 Jo Jama Jalen Williams plus 23 Isaiah hartenstein plus 19 SHA plus 51 lou.plus 34. They had eight guys in double figures. Everybody, if you touched the floor for the KC Thunder, you scored in this basketball game. As a matter of fact, hell, I wish I was in attendance. They about a, I don't want buy some George. They about to put me in the A. Yeah. Hey they, they SGA is the first. Check this out Joe. Go ahead. The highest plus minus in playoff history since the play by play era. SGA is the first player of this century century to believe plus 50 in a playoff game.


And he did it in three quarters. So I, I mean we gotta talk about it, but it damn sure ain't much to talk about. I mean from the look, this is how you make amends. Yeah. You don't deal it down there round. You let one slip away the other night you had the game in control and you ji around and you let them get a, you missed two free throws at the end, bro. Rebounds. The ball passes out the Rus Russ gets to the head to Aren Gordon, he knocks down a three and you lose a game. They didn't dwell on it. All they did was come out here and drop 1 49 and say, You know what, that was an aberration. You gonna have need to be on your best behavior if you want to get rid of us When you watch this team play tonight, what impressed you most about the Thunder Man?


Just how poised and resilient they were to start the game. They came out with that desperation that you need. You know what I mean? Like, we know we quander one in game one, but we can't let, we can't let this from game two get by. So I felt they came out man with so much energy and they just fed off it. Now Shaa 11 for 13, I thought he kind of got off to a great start. He got off to a great start putting pressure on the defense, getting into the teeth of the defense. Not only getting his own, but making plays for others. And the one thing I love about OKC, man, not only did they control pretty much the whole game, but man, they so unself and play for one another. They look like, yeah, so much fun. You know what I mean?


31 assists. Oh man, they, they were moving that ball, but they know when it's time to get it to they money. They get it to they money, which is Sha And I love how he get to his spot on and ocho he get to his, yeah, he raised up and shoot. Ain't nothing you can do about it. You know? I mean, so tonight, collectively from a team standpoint, they all hitting on all cylinders. Everybody was shooting pretty much, You know, in the high fifties or You know, from, from the field. I thought they'd done a great job tonight. You know, just really bouncing back knowing that they had to win this game too. About to get ready to go on the road to Denver like this, this was a, a pivotal win for them. Nicole Yoic had his worst night, minus 36 plus minus lowest plus plus minus his career.


He had six files. Six turnovers. He had six buckets. I agree with you. I I thought everybody came out with a, with a, with a sense of urgency. Yeah, with a purpose. They are there unself, they only had nine turnovers, but they turned the nuggets over 20 times. Right. And when you turn a team over that many times, you are gonna get some easy buckets. Yeah. You get easy buckets and all of a sudden you got the crowd into the game. Yeah. And they didn't stop. Yeah. Every, everything ev I mean they got so many easy shots. You look at Shaa with 11 or 13 Hartenstein six of seven. Yeah. Jalen Williams, six of 11, one of two. One of one, one of, I mean, yeah, I mean you got the role players coming in, but for the most part, at one point in time they were shooting 59, 60% from the floor.


Yeah. This, this, this. You let a team shoot 60% from the floor, you let a team shoot over 40% from the three and you let a shoot a team shoot over 90% from the free throw line. This is what you gonna get Ocho. Yeah. It's kinda like you got a guy throws for 300, he got a 200 yard rusher and two receivers over a hundred yards, hundred yards. Well they gonna have damn near, they gonna have 40 plus points. Wow. Yeah. Ocho, when you look at the nuggets 106 points, considering how well they played to come back and win that game, what, what did you, what was most disappointing about what you saw from the nuggets? I mean obviously they allowed SGA to set the tone. I mean the entire team there was really nothing they could do it. There was really nothing. Yoko obviously had a bad night.


Unc Yoko had a bad night. Porter didn't do much. Aren Gordon didn't Do much. Porter hadn't done much this series. Yeah, but go ahead. He, he hasn't but I think it's not what the nuggets didn't do, but it's what is what KC did is what OKC did. They came out on fire boy, they came out on fire and they understood. You know what, there was no reason we were supposed to let that first game. Y'all weren't supposed to win the first game. Yeah, I So we don't come here. We ain't, we ain't finna play around. We ain't finna bull drive around. We finna set the tone earlier and everything coming, everything starting stops. We G eight man, he set the tone right away. How 11th He was 11th, 11 from the line, then he 11 for 13 in field goals. Then he had, man he was a fishing all night.


Then you got the bench, the goddamn bench going crazy Joe. Yeah, them boys coming in, they scoring. So I mean I don't think there was anything and nothing could have done to win this game tonight. Absolutely not. I agree with you. I think the thing is is that, You know, he's the head of the snake and so when he goes all of a sudden he see a couple shots go in, everybody saw a couple shots go in. Chen got off to a really great start start. Yep. He atone for those two missed free throws. I'm sure he'd liked to have those back, but unfortunately you don't get those back. He was perfect from the free throw line. I mean they was 33 or 36. So even though they shot, they shot 36 threes. 36 from 36 free throw attempts. Tell me they're still extremely aggressive, Joe.


Yeah, 31 because when you shoot that many threes, that's telling me you are extremely aggressive. Yeah. Even though you still got 30 plus three point shots up, you got 36 attempts from the free throw line. So I'm not settling. Hint hint Boston, we're gonna get to you in just a second. Oh man. Them putting pressure on the defense. Hey you gonna have to slide continuously. Slide and guess what the on on the glass. They were on the glass tonight to get second chance. They were diving on the floor, they was getting loose balls, they were not going to let this game slip by them tonight and they won the ball game. I thought they was gonna win by 50, have another 50 point win. 'cause if I'm not mistaken, they beat Memphis, I think the first game by 50 plus and looked like they were about to have another one.


But when you score 40, 45, 42, 37, that game was over. I mean by the time your start, it's gonna be set that big will be chilling because what FGA played 30 minutes. Nobody else played more than 30 minutes. Fs GA played the most, Holmgren played 26. Jalen Williams played 26 Hart and Stein played 22. Lou Dort played 27. And then you got your role players playing 12 the most. Isaiah Joe, he played 17, he had 14 points. But that's good because I, the next game is what Saturday? I think the next game is Saturday. Yeah. Yeah. So now you get a head start on rest, you get recovery. The guys probably would, You know, pad ice on their knees and the ankles start and now you get two days off.


So they're gonna, huh? Oh, the game is Friday. Okay, well hell look, this was an easy game for them. This was an easy lift. This was like a shoot around. Yeah, because it wasn't, oh hey, hey OKC. This is good for them though. You know, a good confidence booster getting ready to go on the road, You know, playing in Denver. It's gonna be a tough atmosphere, You know, You know Denver's gonna play a lot better at home. You know, Porter, hopefully he plays better. Him and Gordon. I'm not so sure I wouldn't start, Russ. I mean, I've seen, I mean at some point in time you, you gotta get, I gotta get more out of him Joe. Yeah, I mean I'm getting zero points. I'm getting two points in the first half. That's not enough. But don't you think it's better to have Russ coming off the bench to give you that energy? To give you that Spark?


Yeah, I know you're giving that energy, but he's giving you energy. You're so far in the hole. Yeah, yeah. You see what I'm saying? Because you see, you spotted him. I mean you had a two nut to lead and the next thing You know, you're down. It's 20 to four, it not, and the next thing You know is it's 30, it's 36 to 12. I don't think they gonna do that though. Okay. O Chuck? I don't think so either. I think they gonna keep Westbrook coming off the bench because of his, his spark, You know, his emotional leadership that he bring. Right. They need that. They don't need him in that starting lineup. I'm sorry, I don't wanna see him in the starting lineup. I wanna see him continue, continue to come off the bench. But I think if you Denver man, you gotta kind of just ball this one up and throw it out the window, bro. You got nothing to watch him. This, you can't even watch film on this man, we down no mean it ain't, there's no pluses that you could take away from it.


You just gotta, you just gotta be happy with the fact that you went to OKC, you won the first game, you got the game, you got one. So to me it kinda looked like they just kinda, You know, they, they were, it looked like they were satisfied with That's exactly what I first say. It looked like they were kind of satisfied a little bit as I'm watching 'cause they ain't had that, that that bite, that bite back or that sense of urgency that you need to compete on the road. And I'm like, man, being down 50 on the road that's crazy in the playoffs. Like, I've never seen nothing like that. Like okay, ready for this moment. Hey, I know I and Joe, I know it's really early, but the, the thunder officially announce themselves as a legit final threat or do you still think Devon's gonna come out with the series? Oh, they been did that.


I mean, you don't win as many games as they won and not be a serious contender. I know everybody said they're young, they're still the youngest team in the NBA. Right. But if you look at this ocho, they've beaten a lot of teams like this in the regular season. Yeah, yeah. But listen, so it's not like this is a seven game series though, unc it's different. It's the playoffs, it's seven game series. Can they, can they continuously do this throughout, throughout the series though, where they play tonight? No, nobody can do that. This is, I mean there's a reason why, I mean think about what they did. Think about what you just said. Yeah. Can they continuously do this? But Yeah. Can they continuously, they won 67 games for a reason. Right? They beat the best teams in the NBA and they beat 'em decisively. Yeah. If you look at that plus that plus margin of victory, it's been sensational.


Yeah. Right. It's been one of the best in NBA history. So Absolutely. They been announced themselves because if you think about it, last year they kinda under underperformed because Luca and Kyrie did a number on them. Yeah, yeah. They were really young. They're still the youngest team in the NBA, but they're absolutely, they, You know what you're gonna get. They got those two bigs and they, they got the MVP. Now Jalen Williams had his best game, but if you think about it, he still didn't shoot. He wasn't that efficient. He's better though. He's an all star. Yeah. He's better than what he's been showing. Yeah. In the postseason. So what happens when he gets it going, right? Shaa, this was Shay's best game. Now Shaa has played some games, but he was shooting 41% coming into this game.


Well, 42%. 41.7. Yeah. So now this is more like the shade we're used to seeing. Right. A guy that can give you 30 or 50 plus percent shooting. That's what we're used to seeing. Yeah. Them playing like that. No. Do I think they gonna get a 1 49? Nah, probably not. Nah. No. But do I think they can play it Just be, even if you don't score 1 49, you can still play well and not get 1 49. Right. You can play well and get one 20. Yeah. A 1 25, 1 30. Yeah. But you have, I mean, think about ocho, that's the most points in NBA history in a half. Yeah. Yeah. The NBA been going on for 77% down to 80 years. Yeah. So the nuggets, nuggets, the nuggets team, they don't have nothing to be worried about Nuggets fans.


Is it a bag? It's just a bad, is this a bad game or should they be worried? They should be worried. They're, I mean the, the thunderwood the number one C for a reason. This, this is, they're not a fluke. Right. They're not this, this is, this has been, this has been building. Yeah. And, and it goes, You know, last year was, it probably was a year early, right? They've arrived. Yeah. They, they, they've arrived. I I I they believe, I think they, they definitely have arrived, but You know, they've been tested because now they gotta go on the road to play against a tough Denver team and they have to win in Denver. They gotta win one to get their home court back. Yeah. They gotta win one to get their home court back. So look, I think coming into this series with OKC being off for such time in Denver, You know, going through that grueling seven game series with the Clippers, they came in with a little momentum and I think they kind of hit OKC in the mouth and it shocked them.


Now I think they, You know, took a step back, but today they took a step forward as far as, You know, regaining their confidence, coming out, playing OKC basketball, playing that, that pressed up, dogged up defense from start to finish. I mean this, this was a awesome game by OKC and it's just, You know, momentum going into game three in Denver.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace. The leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy by talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CCE eight zero to match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


The Knicks stormed back to beat the Celtics. The Knicks are going home with a two oh lead in the number two C Boston Celtics 20 point comeback consecutive days. This is the first time this has happened in the playoffs since the tracking started in 1998. Jalen Brunson again, nine points 3 0 6 2 0 2 from the free throw line. The NI mean 17 points. Oh this is the fourth, this is the fourth quarter staff. Oh, okay. The Knicks have scored 226 points in the fourth quarters. This postseason, this is the most by any team. There's a reason, reason why Jalen Brunson won the Clutch Award. He's that, but I thought the guy that really saved them was Mikhail Bridges.


Mikhail Bridges had no points and in the fourth quarter he goes and gets 14. Yeah. And the Celtics not gonna learn. You keep saying that they won a championship at some point in time they gonna realize, you see what happens when them threes don't fall ocho. Yeah. You get a 20 point lead and you keep shooting threes. Yeah. It's the next thing You know. It is a 12 point lead, it's an eight point lead and now all of a sudden they got a one point lead or three point lead on you. Yeah. Well hold On, on, I got, I got a question, Joe. What's up? Huh? Listen, if you live and die by the three, at what point do you make adjustments? Isn't that on the head coach? If you, if You know you have a team, you have players that can play, you have offensive plays that you can run and you stilly just chucking up three and they not going in at Up, At what point do you call a timeout and change some box?


Ocho Ocho, they ain't got nothing to do with Joe Missoula. They ain't got nothing to do with the coach. I, I, I put the, the onus and blame on Tatum and Brown, You know? Yes. Because they are the most talented duo that we have in the NBA right now. Right. I think nobody can guard them two. Right. It took, it took them halfway through the first quarter before Jalen Brown decided to go mid post and You know, he got an and one from the mid post. Right. He went shot the ball, got an and one come right back down. He in the mid post again, he score another bucket. Well. Right. That kind of got him going. Then next thing You know, he in his bag to start off. He got off. I think he got off to a great start. He was ready. Right, right. Well man, it's like, and then what happened Joe?


And they started jacking up threes. It's like they started jacking up all these threes. I'm like, bro, y'all gotta keep going to the wheel. You know, keep getting water from there man. Like keep milking that because even though New York got some wings that can guard. I don't, I just don't think, I think if Tatum, I think Tatum and bro got another level they can go to and I think they just letting them dudes off the hook man going with them step back jump shots. Them dude shooting 10, 11, 12, 15, threes a game. Ocho win in the playoffs, man. Like Right. I, I expect, You know, the, the, the best the cream to rise to the top as far as talent wise. And I look forward to Tatum and Brown man starting to get to that cup, bro. Like you can't keep selling for all these threes.


You know, the, the, the mid, I always talk about the midrange game but it's always open because they got a lot in they bad. And what we gotta do is give New York a lot of credit though. Give New York a lot of credit for them guys sitting down switching on defense. Yeah. Just playing man to good one-on-one man to man defense and making them dudes take tough shots. That when you look at it, Mikhail Bridges in game two in the fourth quarter. He was sensational 14 points. All of his points came in the fourth quarter. He had seven rebounds, five assists and two steals. Yeah. But like he said, Jason Tatum, five of 20 from the field. Damn Jaylen Brown, damn. Eight of 23 from the field, two or seven from the three one of five. Al Horford has been bad.


The first two games Al Horford had been bad, You know, and you see this is the cat I've been asking for. Yeah. What did he do? O Joe? He took the, his big butt down to the post in The block in the post And gave it to Al. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. He wasn't selling for no threes. Yeah. He shouldn't settle for the threes. He attempted one three tonight. Yeah. Yeah. One he was aggressive. This is, see this is Kat Carl Anthony Towns like to shoot threes Kat like to get his big butt down on the block. Yeah. And punish folk. They got, nobody can guard him. Don't let up off the hook. Yeah, yeah. I agree. I agree. Say, oh hey, hey Kat, Kat controlled the interior man against the Celtics all game long.


He out rebounded the K Nick. I mean, hold on. He out, he out rebounded the Knicks. I mean the Knicks, he outed rebounded the Celtics damn near all by itself. Yeah. The thing is he 21 Point 17, that that, yeah. I, I still don't understand Joe and I I don't understand Unc when we go, when we play two halves Right. And we go in the halftime, the first thing we do, if something not working or what we normally do, we scrap it, we go to something else. So y'all two sitting here telling me this is the way they play and they gonna live and die by the three, well something gotta change because this, this is looking, y'all told me, both of y'all told me that the cell is gonna win this series and the way it's looking right now, it's about to be a gentleman sweep Ocho the other guy there.


Wait, Ocho hold up now we do have to pause a little bit because this series ain't over bro, Boston. I know, I know, I know. But down too that, that makes it that much more Difficult. Yeah, but they the best road team in the NBA for whatever reason they've been the best road team in the NBA and they play well on the road. Whether it's just because it's just them players in their locker room. I don't know what it is, but they squander away two games. So I look for a sense of desperation coming from the Celtics when they go to New York now New York gonna be live. Them people gonna be in there already, man. They gonna be in the Yeah. And Best Bank legal be out the damn fool. Oh man. Man, it's gonna be, he looking to do the right thing thing. Hold on. Hey, You know he be crook, he's cool days, however you wanna say it.


Spike gonna be on one. Yeah. Hey, hey Joe. What's up? I'm glad you just said that. You said the Celtics now would be an act of desperation. Yeah. So what's the first thing when a team, that is definitely, what's the first thing they gonna do? Go to what they know how to do best. Right? They Jack up three. Nah. And how has that worked? The past two games? I I I got them Joe. They Joe you said it Joe. They were doing good too, Joe. I know they were driving the ball, I feel get the ball to the paint and then all of a sudden, I mean they got, they got through like three offensive rebounds. Yeah. Three miss three, miss three. And they're talking about I'm, I'm talking about it, it's like, it's like in the second half I could kind of feel it like just dwindle in away.


It's like, I don't know man New York, You know, in the fourth quarter especially, they just went into another gear and the only thing New York gonna do, they just want to hang around on the ocho that's it around, they wanna be the, the fourth quarter, they just gonna have a fighting chance with the last five minutes of the game. And it's like from the Detroit series now to this series against Boston, they have kept themselves alive man. They've been down 20 points in both games on the road and you come back, they still, and in the fourth quarter under five minutes, you have a fighting chance in every time they've came through in clutch moments, they've made big plays defensively give Mikhail Bridges his props because hey, He's played Hey Josh, har Josh Hark too.


Yeah. Get Josh Hart his credit too. But I'm just speaking from MHA making these huge plays at the end of game one and the in the game too. Yep. Yeah. I don't know. I got got But you see, but see what happens coach they had gotten so far outta rhythm. See the thing is when you take so many threes Yeah. You, you've forgotten how to run set plays because all you doing is use to jack up threes. Right. You put the high pick and guess what? Launch a three, right? They get the switch launch a three threes. Yeah. Launch a three. So now in the fourth, now in the last final two minutes of the game when you need something going to the basket, it is hard to give some. Now they got had a great play with Jason Tatum. They got the high pick and he split it and he dunked the ball.


They tried to run that same play but OG did a great job of sinking and wouldn't let it. So they had it had him leveled off. Yeah. Yeah. And they, they pushed him to the corner and so he got there and there and there's Mitchell Robinson and there's Mikhail Bridges. So they had him hemmed up and he really couldn't go anywhere. So he's looking to pass the ball. Mikhail Bridges deflected. He got it, threw it ahead. But that's what happens when you are used to jacket up for, it's like a football game when all you're doing is used to Atlanta. All they were used to doing was throwing the ball, throwing the ball. Now all of a sudden, Ocho you need to run the ball to take some time off the clock. We ain't got no running players ocho. Oh, New England game. Yes. So, because guess what, in the second half you threw, you ran the ball less than than New England and they were the ones that was down 28 to three.


Yeah. So how is that possible? You got fewer rush attempts and you up by 25 then the team that's down by 25. Yeah. Make it make sense. Yeah. And you see what happens. Think about how they got the lead, got a 20 point lead, they running the ball. Woo. Lay up holiday doing what he's doing because they look, they trying to get Holli, they trying to pick Holiday off of Brunson. Yeah. They want, they want him in anybody else they trying to get the matchup with, they gonna get the matchup with pri if he's in there, they want that matchup. Right. If they got a a a Al Horford, Hey Al, you busy come in, holler right quick. So he and you see brother and you see brother, he hands it, he got that heavy. He hey he up fake him.


You jump and he going around him. Now if you sit hand down Mark Jackson, if you're hand down man down. Yeah. Right. And he pulling, Hey, so I I look at some point in time it looks good Ocho they took and you are not Golden State. Jason Tatum and Jalen Brown, you are not Golden State. You are not Stephen Clay, you are never gonna be known as the greatest shooting back court in NBA history. It's not gonna happen. Hey, so I don't care. I don't care if you shoot a thousand threes each of you. Well I mean you shoot a thousand Derrick White shoot a thousand, that's 3000 threes between those three players. Nobody is ever gonna confuse the you three guys with Steffan clay.


Yeah, it's not gonna happen man. Listen, we, we gotta give New York credit though on ocho, You know, see on, see the thing that's keeping Al and and they bigs You know, limited is because when they running the pick and roll they not doubling the ball. They not doing none of they switching and they make Jalen Brown and Jason Tatum going to they bag and you gonna have to show us something to where if you can score 30 or 40 one-on-one. Okay cool. We gonna deal with that. But Right. The thing is Boston has had a hard time. Jalen Brown and Jason Tatum has had a tough time against Mikhail Bridges og, Josh Hart, Josh Hart, og, You know tho even Kat Kat that sat down and guarded Tatum and Brown on multiple occasions.


So You know, those dudes are there for the fight, man, they ain't playing. They come to win and they've shown it in both games. Just, just such a gritty, gritty, tough team bro. They've been like that the whole year. And when you watch these dudes play, you look at they starting five and all the minutes that they, that they packing in. I'm like, they log man 43 from me. Yeah. MHA Bridges had 43 tonight. OG had 38, Townes had 35, Brunson had 38. Josh Hart had 43. Yeah that's but but maybe it's just me. But Jalen Brown got the loosest handles I've seen about NBA supervisors, NBA star player a guy that that's good. His handles shouldn't be that loose Joe. No they shouldn't be. It's six turnover.


He had six turnovers a day to day. Yeah, I mean I'm talking about his handles. I mean and it plagued him. You remember when they lost the Golden State? It was his handles, he kept getting the ball swiped. He couldn't score consistent and Jason Tatum was even worse than Jalen Brown if you can believe that. But they fixed it, they righted it wrong. They ended up winning a championship. But they better get an a. The a the worst thing you can do is give a guy confidence. Oh man, a guy knocked you down in the fight. He might not. Oh he a heavy underdog. That's the And the longer you leave a guy round Ocho. Yeah the more he think he could beat you. That's what happened with Buster Douglas. See all of a sudden Mike Tyson may get him out there in the first three and now we in deep water. Yeah. Yeah. Well I don't know how well you can swim.


I know in the kiddie pool you can stand your ass up and the water's only waist deep. I got your ass right here. Your feet can't touch the bottom. Hey listen, New York don't plan on coming back to Boston guy. They don't plan. No I don't. They don't plan on it. Hey It is not, look, listen, it's not looking good. I don't know how many Celtics fans we have in the chat that are watching. I would like to know in the chat if you feel like the Celtics have an opportunity or a chance to come back, please let me know. Please let me know. 'cause based on what I've seen the past two games and the little bit of knowledge I know from watching the games of past two, three years, it's not looking good. Chan I know you mad, you're upset Nixon five.


Hey think about the 17 shot. 15, 15 3 throws. Now they've missed, they've missed 75 threes in two games. Damn. 75. They 25% they shot 25% tonight. Ash, what did they shoot the other night on Monday there was 15 or 60. Hey listen, They joke, they they not gonna look like that the rest of the series though. They gonna have a game with Derrick White is all. Yeah. You said they wasn't gonna look like this in game two. That's two game I said that They shot tw guess what they shot 25% the first game.


Yeah, I think, I think the, the Knicks, I think the Knicks making an emphasis. You know I know they, I know, I know the Celtics mix a few wide opens, but I think the Knicks making an emphasis not to give up wide open. You know, too many wide. Yes, yes. Right. They contested everything. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. They making it tough man. They making them dudes work not, You know, on both ends of the floor. And I'm not sure if it's taking they legs, but I'm, I Boston do look a little hobbled. They got a guy out there. They, You know, Tatum don't like he moving that great hol don't look like he moving that great but well, holiday is just coming off that hamstring. So I expect him to be, and, and You know they, they're making it work. I mean the guard Brunson, I mean he's taking all he got 'cause Brunson a, they running them off picks and they, they, they keep picking him and, and doing all those things.


They gonna make you go side to side Kat. This is what I'm talking about. Kat one three point attempt. He punished al on the block. Yeah. Yeah. They ended up having to put Jalen Brown on him. But Jalen Jalen too small. Yeah, he too small. Jalen too small too. Jason Tatum too small. They ain't got nobody can deal with Kat if Kat make up in his mind, and this is what we've been asking Kat to do. See this is what we ask Kat to do against Dallas last year. But no, he wanted to shoot threes threes and the game that he went down on the block, they ended up winning Ocho. But then guess what? Next game we come back out there. Hold on por pingus, they, they can't make the adjustment. Topor pingus at the five light. He he too light.


Right. He needs some, he needs some ci he needs some cinder blocks in his back pocket. I know, but shit, you got have somebody with some size and some lengthy order deal but cattle, you gonna get the same goddamn results. Hey look here. You not, you not catching no you not catching no tuna on no cane pole. So Cae pole is for brim. Cae pole is for small catfish but Crappy. Listen to, hey listen to what you just said Joe. Unc you not even the coach for the Celtics. Matter of fact, hold on. You're not even the coach for the Knicks, but you just said what to do to win this series. Yeah. Do the same thing. They didn't got nobody to deal with, deal with to deal with Kat. Go back to old, go back to old school ball, go back to old, have the point guard have Brunson bring it up and he had goddamn cat ass in that goddamn post or at the, instead of the top of The kidney.


I think, I think Tibs coach Tibs, he liked getting ka on the move on the go. Like I don't think he really want him in like stand still, You know what I mean? Like Right, right. He's dumping it down there to him. Like IIII know they will do it especially in the fourth quarter. They done it quite a bit, You know, going down the stretch. But to start the game off, they try to get it moving more pick and roll, pick and pop, You know, things of that sort. But it's kind of Boston taking that that pick and pop away a little bit too because they switch everything as well on each end. Everything. Yeah. And they got lead the fair, You know, ALS normally a better defender than that but Derrick White can defend Holiday and Derrick White both was all on the all defensive team. We saw Jalen Brown do a great job on Luca last year in the playoffs.


Al Horford is normally a better defender than what he's been showing these first two games. Yeah, I think he'll pick that up. But the thing is is that, You know, like you said, you gotta give the Nicks some credit. Yeah. The Nicks are executing their offense especially, especially when the rubber needs to meet the role. Yep. This is that, look, I don't want to hear how good your offense is or your defense is if you can't get done what you need to get done when you absolutely got to have it not to have it. Yeah. We talk about this all the time, Joe in football, Ocho and I, I said yeah man, they got the best offense in football but they couldn't stay on the field in four on third down. They couldn't get a first down. Right. They couldn't, they, they couldn't get the ball in field goal range. Well that don't tell me how good you are. Okay. By defense they're giving up 10 points a game.


But why you let 'em go right down the field and score a touchdown and win the game? Right. So it doesn't matter what your statistics, your statistics say it only matters can you get done what you need to get done when you absolutely have to have it. And right now when the Knicks need to get it, I don't know what they are offensively in the regular season. I don't know what they are defensively in the regular season, but I know this, when they need to get stops, they get 'em. Yeah, I know when they need to get buckets, they get it. Yeah, they do. It's it it's really that simple. Yeah. I mean we could make sports as complicated as we want to. We could talk about the one, You know, we could do one fla You know, one floor and we could do the picket pop and we can do all, we can do all this, we can do floppy, we can do pin downs and we can do flares.


Call it whatever you want. Can you put the ball in the bucket when you need to need it most? Yeah. Can you stop them from putting the ball in the bucket when they need to? And right now one team can put the ball in the bucket when they need to and stop the team from putting it in the bucket when they need to and the other team can't. It's really that simple. Yeah, I wanna play that. I wanna play devil's advocate real quick. Go ahead Uncle Joe. Go ahead. So think about this now I'm assuming at some point that the SE is gonna play well, right? Derek White gonna be on Jalen Brown gonna be on Tatum gonna show up and do what do what he's used to doing. Right? But what happens if they go in the Knicks win game three?


What happens just, just so happened they still a game game winning fourth Street because Ocho you said Ocho you said what happens when the Celtics play? Well what happens when the Knicks play? Well the Knicks shot 43%. They shot 29% from the three. Right. We make it seem like they playing well they're not Okay. But I'm just saying that's why I said let me, let me, let's play Devil a advocate game three. What happens if they still game three too New York then Yeah, They Boston back against the wall. They can't man, listen, they gotta do whatever they can game three to, to, to go into Madison Square and win that game, bro. I don't care how, I don't You can win ugly. You can win Pretty, but you can't but you Gotta win Oto they can go there and game three and come outta there down oh three bro.


Nah, they can't. I I don't see, I don't see a scenario where they went in four straight. You don't, you don't see a scenario where if they go down oh three, I don't see a scenario with ball went four straight. Nah, See I told you I should have, I should. I knew I should have bet y'all I knew. I should've bet. 'cause some just told me, everybody, every analyst, every punt, the basketball experts, everybody had their selfies winning and the Knicks are proven everybody wrong. Well they proved, they they proven all y'all wrong. And I, I just, I I don't know. It ain't no, I know what I'm seeing. I know what I'm seeing and I just don't, I for, for the life of me, I don't understand. Okay, the threes aren't working. Run some goddamn plays. What the f are we doing? I'm talking not we, excuse me. My bad. But what are they doing?


It's, Well, it's kind of ocho in, in the football term when you throwing the ball and you bro run it, bro, we, it's like, it's kinda like Kansas City. We yeah, we saw that in the Super Bowl. We like, Hey man, you gotta take some pressure off Patrick home. But they really ain't run the ball all year. Their offensive line have been bad. Yeah. And so now you get, you get a, a Pacheco who's just coming back off injury. Clyde Edward was a layer. They had released him because he had some things going on, dealing, dealing with some things. They had a, they signed some running but who, I forget who they signed and they had the guy from Cincinnati. What's the guy When the, with the big beard? I, I forgot his name. I forgot his last name. Oh, I forget him. He caught, he caught the play in the, in the championship game against Buffalo to run the timeout. But when you're not used to doing something Ocho it is hard to go.


You are used to throwing the ball. Boston used to shooting the three. So it's hard to tell them, okay guys, let's, let's just run some sets now. Yeah, okay. Well we been jacket up threes all year. You can't, they, they can't run sets though because New York is switching everything like so. Right. They may switch and you may catch Bruss and Garden Alford, You know what I mean? You wanna try to take advantage of that. But outside of that, You know, you just hope that Tatum and Tatum or Brown just take the initiative bro. Catch fire, catch it at the elbow, catch it at the, at the high post or whatever to where they, they probably ain't even gotta take a dribble to even get a shot off. But you need them dudes more gre, more aggressive, more active, probably even less picking rolls and they gotta try to get to the basket man.


If not, You know, You know settle for some of them mid-range shots versus just selling for 15 threes a night. You know, a piece. You can't have that. Yeah, they need to play better. Kat versus Boston, he had 21 point 17 rebounds. He's the first Nicks first nick to reach those numbers in a playoff game since Carmelo did it in 2011. Jason Tatum in game two, he was 13 points 14 rebounds shot five or 20 from the field. Is it time to talk about Jason Tatum because he has not shot the, well the ball. Well see we go back and look at those 35. Oh he had three straight gains of 35 points or 30, 30 plus more points against Orlando. But look at the shooting percentage. Look how many shots he took him to get that.


Yeah. He's shooting 40% from the floor. Yeah, it's time. It's, it is time to have a serious conversation about Jason Tatum because everybody see, everybody still wanna harp on what happened in France that happened. We can't go back. We won the gold medal. Yeah, I'm sure everybody would've loved to play 17 to 20 minutes, but that wasn't gonna be the case. It is never been the case. Just like on the original dream team in 96 in 2000, the redeem team in a row or whatever the case may be. Everybody over there is deserving and I, well he got guys on his teammates holiday playing and I don't care about that. That's over.


We got the gold medal. Let's talk about him now in the playoffs. And those shooting percentage they beat on Orlando team that they should have beat now he struggled shooting the basketball in these playoffs. Yeah. And he struggled, struggling shooting it again. And it's time to have our conversation. It ain't about no hate. We gonna take the face of the NBA off the table. Whoa. Ain't got nothing to do with it right now. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Let's talk about him and his play currently. Yeah. He's not, he's not the face. We know who the face of the NBA is. No, I'm saying we're gonna take that off the table. The conversation in general. Right. I I think, I think he still has a chance to, You know, come out and redeem itself in this series.


Like I said, the series ain't over. I think they're, they're, they're a great, You know, road team and the testament of a true champion is how you bounce back in defeat. Right. You Know. Correct. You know, I think, You know, if if obviously we know they got a championship pedigree they won last year, this is probably gonna be the hardest task that they gonna have to deal with going into New York trying to win game three. That's all they need to. Yeah. Not at this point. Don't even worry about game four. We just need to do whatever we can to get game three and that, that's their biggest challenge at this point.


Wanna keep your personal number private but still stay connected with line two. You can get a second phone line right on your device with a super simple app and no need for another phone. Whether it's for online shopping, dating, or shielding your main number from Spam line two is an easy way to manage it all ready for peace of mind without breaking the bank. Call, text block and more for only 9 99. Get started with line two.com/audio or download line two and any app store today, line two. Your second line simplified.


Get some confidence. They need confidence man, because right now I don't care what they're saying now, they gonna say all the right thing ocho. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's kinda like you in the corner and that guy done beat hell out you for six rounds. You right that champ. He he fade. No, he not coach somebody here helping because hey, somebody helping it because I'm looking for the right, he killing me. That lead, that lead left. You know, you, it's only, You know, it's only one way for him to get confidence. Right. Your shots gotta fall in order for Jason Taton to get in rhythm. He gotta keep shooting even if, even if I'm sure. Obviously it depends. I don't know how his mental is. You know some, some players are mentally strong. They could be happy, they could be in a slump. They don't care. They gonna keep pulling the trigger if he, if he have a mental block.


But this series might be over. Especially if they come to the Guard and they and they win game three. Man please. I got, I got, I got, I got Boston showing some grit. I got 'em showing. They, they so you Oh, whoa. Hold, hold on. Hold on Joe. Hold on. Be though. Hold on now. Come on, go ahead. When when is game three? Huh? Saturday. Shit Saturday. Saturday. So, So Joe, you got, you got Boston, you got Boston winning game three Saturday? Yeah, I got Boston winning game three. Are You sure about that? You want, you wanna put a little, you wanna put a little change on that? Man, You so flicker bro. I, I'm scared to even bet. But you ain't gonna lie to you Ojo. Nah, nah. Make it, we gonna make it light. I'm saying how would you gonna bet about, how would you gonna bet it this A light hundred dollars?


Nah. Okay. All right. All right. O2. Yeah. Little hundred, little hundred Ain't nothing. That ain't nothing. Hey This is how You know Jason Tatum not being aggressive. He shot two free throws. Yeah. Jalen Brown shot four free throws. Those are your two best players and they shot a combined six free throws between the two of them. Yeah. Wait, UNC, it's hard to get. It is, it is hard to get to the hole. It's hard to get to the paint. It's hard to even get in there. Nah, Put the ball throws when you shooting threes. Oh Joe, I ain't filing no jump shooter. Hell I'm gonna let you shoot it. If you wanna stand, if you wanna stand up there and chunk it. Hey, if you want to stand out there and chunk it in the ocean, go ride ahead. You ain't doing no damage. Hey listen, that's why I say we gotta get New York credit man.


It ain't it. It it ain't that. It ain't that easy. Like them dudes sitting down, they, they playing they guard, they playing defense third move, You know what I mean? Like they ain't just giving them dudes no layups. I just think Tatum and Brown are so talented, they talented enough to be able to impose their will as far as scoring the basketball. Like nobody should be able to stop them. Two. They too gifted bro. They got too many tools in they two boxes. They just using this one wrench, man, you gotta bring something mess up out that toolbox bro. But, But, but Joe, You know, when you have success doing something, it's hard for you. You, hey, if, if Kareem wouldn't have, I mean thinking about it, if somebody could take away that sky hook, what is Kareem gonna go to? He's had success with the sky hook so much.


That's all he knows because they've shot the ball so well from three, they've made the three, right. Oh, You know when they lose a game and they shot 30 threes, I tell 'em well the problem is we should have shot 40, we should have shot 50. So that's ingrained in their mind. Right. So now, hey, let's not go to the basket. Let's not try to get five. Let's not try to do that. Let's just stand back here and Jack threes, eventually they're gonna go in. Nah, they might but they might not go in, in this series. Well when they, they they, they, they are deadly when they're attacking a basket. Like I say, early in the game man, when they was getting to the cup, making plays, You know, getting, getting of offense, getting second chance, offensive points, You know, things of that sort. 'cause see, when you attack the basket even if you don't miss, you give yourself a chance to get AEM putback or something.


But man, when you just out there shooting them long threes, man, and they bouncing off, they fast breaking it the other way. You know what I Yeah, it's a momentum, momentum buster. And that's what them threes do. That's what them threes are doing, man. They leading to, You know, mis matches on the other end. I'm, I'm not, I'm not, Hey uncle, I'm not Cleo, You know, I'm not, I'm not really one that's able to tell the future. I think the final gonna be Nixon wolves. You think Nixon? Who? W Ws. I know y'all.


I know y'all probably don't like the Very far fet Jojo. Yeah, I'm telling you. And I, I don't know. I don't know if the, I don't know if the wolves can beat the thunder. Well that's, I'm telling you uncle. Or listen, hey. Yeah. 'cause here's the thing. If the wolves play their best and the thunder play their best, who you taking? Joe? I'm probably taking KC. Exactly. Well, hold on. And that's the thing you, You told, y'all told me it was gonna be a gentleman sweeping this series and it they down two. Oh. So I mean I'm, But that KC A Two. I think if you said, if you have said, if you have said, I Think you said that Nick. Hey, we gonna talk about them Bennett, but don't you sleep on Indiana now?


Yeah, because Indiana gonna push the pace, make a miss. They'll get it out the basket or they'll get it out the rim. But they pushing Tippo. Right. They're gonna make you, they they're going to make you, they're gonna make you defend quick. They cutting the backs. They doing an unbelievable job. And they, Jason Tatum in the first Jason Tatum in the first half, one for seven two points. Jalen Brown in the second half, one for seven, three points for turnovers. Now your two best players, that's what they gave you. Yeah. They, they need, they need way more contribution from them to, like I say, man, I just think just they have to assert themselves into the game, You know, not waiting for these three point opportunities or these switches and mismatches.


Man, sometimes you gotta go take it bro. You gotta initiate yourself with it's crashing the glass, getting easy layups, backdoor. Yeah. Setting picks, things of that sort. 'cause they too talented. Okay. Ocho they, they too talented and like I said, they won, they a proven champion. They won it last year. This is just a, a test and a stepping stone into their legacy as far as how they wanna be remembered. Right. As far as tell people they're trying to repeat. Obviously they know they gotta dig theyself out this deep hole, which I think they could do. The thing I like to tell people all the time, Joe, I say there have been plenty of teams that's won one in a row. Right, right. To be special. Go repeat football, basketball, baseball, hockey.


It doesn't matter. Repeat there been a lot of teams that won one in a row. Yeah. You gotta be locked in bro. There's a reason why you have so many have so few repeat champions. Go look at the sports now. You know, I mean, way back when used to get it a lot. I mean, I think the Islanders, I mean, back in the late seventies, eighties, they won four straight Stanley cups Basketball. You get, I mean think about it. You get the three P Lakers, you get the three piece. Celtics did it twice. Nobody else three beaters. Now the Celtics ran off eighth Street. Mm. But the great, but the Great Spurs team, they never three petered that big three Celtics. They never three petered. Right. I mean they never, as a matter of fact, the Celtics and Spurs never went back to back.


It's hard to do. Yeah. To keep that focus year after year after year special. It's hard. You damn right. It's hard because everybody's gunning for you. Yeah. Yeah. One slip up. Now it's, I think it's easier to, to to to repeat in series sports. Yeah. Than in football. Because seeing football every game, every playoff game is a game seven. Yeah. You don't have to be the best team that, you just have to best team that day. That's it. Yeah. See the normally time, the best team will normally in a series the best, it's hard to hit four good ga buzzer beaters. Right, right, right.


Hey all I gotta do a ocho. Yeah. I forced to fumble. Hey, kick the walk off. Game winning field goal. That's it. It is, It is. Well my seasons over. Yeah, I agree. But I know them two big guns, they better start firing. Yeah. Tatum and Brown, they better start playing better. Hey listen, what's tell all you got, all they gotta do is stop shooting threes. Hey Joe, you just said it. They got a bag. Huh? They got tools in the box. Get to your spot, get to the hole. Look, use your midi, put the ball on the floor. Create space. Call for the iso. Do do Something or just, or just watch the film of the two games. It's been a tale of two halves, man.


Like you've been up 20 in both games. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And in the third quarter, not the first half, 'cause You know the first half you kinda throw that away, Joe. 'cause You know, because with that three ball, anything can happen. Right. But you've been up by 20 in the second half. Yeah. Midway through the third quarter and they walk you down. Yeah. The, the, the past two games, I don't know how you let that happen, man. Especially after the first one. You know, you think you'll be prepared, but they looked shell shocked down the street, man. They looked like they didn't know what to do or how to do it or get to they spots. Like it was a lot of indecisiveness that I wasn't used to seeing from the Celtics. So I, I expect them to watch the film and then get back to the drawing board as far as, You know, game three on and Ocho, I expected 'em to be a totally different team.


Meaning, I'm not saying Tatum and Brown probably won't shoot threes, they gonna shoot threes. But I expect for them to be attacking, get into that basket, putting the onus on the referees to make the make plays called fouls. All season fans are bass. What do the Knicks get for the five first round picks? They got Mikhail Bridges. Because think about it, they gave up all those picks for a minute. I'm like, that's, I'm like, damn you give up those kind of picks for a guy like a Luca, like a kd Right. Like a Shade, a Giannis, a Yolk, a Mikhail Bridges. And he had the game winning steal and then he had the game winning deflection. So I guess that's what you got for it.


Yeah. This is why you go get MHA Bridges og because you want them guys to pair and be able to guard and, and and guard Tatum and Brown and take 'em to the brink. Which they Yeah. These past two games, getting those two guys and Josh Hart, You know, they all take turns by, by committee defensively. They're doing a pretty good job man. And they put, they, they've left they selves in a, in, in, in a chance to where, You know, lay down the stretch where they're able to win games. Like when it, when it doesn't even look, look that pretty. Like they haven't even played a great ga, a great brand of basketball about, You know what I mean? They still win these ugly games on the road. So it says a lot about the New York Knicks and coach Tom Thito, You know, in the schemes that he's been able to, You know, oppose on the Celtics within these first couple games.


But that's the tib. I mean you go back and look at when he coached the Bulls, they won ugly games. They're not a team that's going, You know, aesthetically everything is flowing and looks smooth and everything. Right. It looks chaotic but they find a way to win. They play tough back gritty basketball. And you're absolutely right. We need wing players. This is why they got Mikhail Bridges. Yeah. We need somebody that can guard Tatum and Brown. Yeah. OG can guard and he got a big body. You can't run through it. Mikhail, Bridget is long and lanky got great wingspan. Hey he can deflect a lot of passes. He can contest a lot of shots. Yeah. Yeah. Now and they still have Prince Chua, they still got Josh Hart. So like you said, at most times they got three guys that can defend at a very, very high level.


Yeah. Yeah. Yes. And now you got Brunson, you got a guy like Brunson who's clutch last five minutes of the ball game game within five Points. Hey, I'm putting the ball in his hand. Yeah. It's hard to find somebody better than Josh Hart than, excuse me, than Brunson. Yeah, it is in a clutch situation. It is big Brody Brunson. He, he's shown, shown and proven, You know, over the years man, late in games, he can get to the cups and he gonna get you a foul up bucket every time. Yeah. One one of the other. It's something about them Lefty though, Joe. Why the, why the more folks so crafty. I told you James Hard is like that. He's like that all the left-handed man that herky jerk Martin gin, all that herky jerky ass motion.


Yeah. Ain't Jalen Brown left-handed? Nah. Who? Nah, Jaylen. No. Oh. You right handed. He should never put the ball in his left hand. No, absolutely not. He should not dribble left hand. I agree though. Them lefties. I told you a, they seem like they got an advantage from the jaw. I don't know what it is, but he is so crafty and he turn into the, he turn into the biggest five man I ever seen in life. When he get in the painting, he go to pivoting and puff singing and jump hooking. I'm like man, but he, he has been they heart and they heart and soul bro. They team, You know, for, for, for the past couple years. And he will not let them lose. Nope. A man effort was called out by his head coach last night speaking to reporters falling to defeat.


Chris Finch said it starts with Ant. I thought he struggled and you can just take, kinda see the light go out a little bit for a while. But then Finch expanded on his thoughts, adding what is there to talk about. You're the leader of the team. You got to come in and set the tone. If your shot's not going in, you still have to carry that energy. If I gotta talk, if I've gotta talk about guys having the right energy coming in to open the second round, we're not on the same page. I like that man responder saying people are going to try to blame whatever blame whoever. They can blame me but we just didn't play good enough. I like that. I like that and table setter. Oh Joe. Who? I like that. You gotta set the table. Yeah, you gotta come.


I mean that. What what was he like? Oh for at one point in time, airman was like, oh for nine. Yeah. You can't, you can't, he can't be that way. Right. Nah, 'cause he, he, he ain't look he, he called out. He said he wanted to smoke. He yeah you want that? He called the Warriors out. He said he wanted to play against the Warriors 'cause Draymond talk trash. Well You know what you gonna get. You gotta step to the table. You gotta come out with that sense of urgency bro. Let them dudes know that you here, You know what I mean? Like you gotta come out force, you have to force it to start out, but you gotta put your market stamp on the game. And I thought it took him, it took him too long to kind of get going and hey man, golden stay tough bro.


They, hey they, they remind me a little bit of the niche as far as defensively how they switch. Keep yeah keep guys in front and make you take tough shots. I know they're a little small down there but listen, Draymond, them Draymond and them and them dudes down Butler. Butler, they fighting bro. They fighting. Yeah. And they even got Buddy Hill thinking he could play defense. Oh man buddy. Hey buddy buddy feeling is they game seven 80? Yeah. Hey they got buddy. Hey buddy sitting in the chair. I like Buddy what what you doing? Hey whatever. You know that ain't your game. You know. Hey You know that stuff rub about man when you got them hard work. It does dude that still rub Does it rub about on you in in a way you probably ain't even know that. You know you could do but I, I'm worried about the Warriors 'cause of 'cause of steal stiff even if he do come back.


Okay. Ocho with a hamstring injury out. Yeah, no that take it takes time to that thing Don for a minute. Listen And I what his game is predicated on. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Hey you see, you see how I told you exactly what it was? I told you it was a grade one. It was a grade one actually. And I said he gonna miss it. Might miss a week maybe two. He gonna miss this one. But I think ant and especially what, what coach saying, You know every coach can't come out and talk about your player like that. Every coach can't come out and say something like that. 'cause some of 'em don't respond to criticism that way very well. And is a, is a perfect example of a player that can take that. Yeah. Not only can he take that watch how he answer to it.


Watch how he answer to answer. Well he better answer. Huh? He better answer. Go down. He he gonna answer to it now. He go, he listen the cream always rises to the top. Always. And that's a way, that's a way for a coach to say something and get his player not only motivated, not that he needs it, but just to keep just a, just a reminder. Yeah. Now everything starts and stops with you. Yeah. You said you want that smoke. This comes with it. It is a taste including me. Including me being able to, to chastise you publicly to let You know. Come on now we gotta have it. Normally, normally Ojo the coach wouldn't call out the best player he would call out Bobby.


Bobby Mitchell used to say Paul Brown used to get on him to get Jim's attention. So you gotta do a better job of holding onto the ball. Right. Well coach I didn't fumble. Jim did but he called him out but he's talking to Jim 'cause he couldn't talk to Jim. He couldn't say, say what he wanted to say to Jim. Right, right. But that's how, that's how Mike was with me. Mike was like, you gotta do a better job at this. I wasn't the one that Mr. Block. I get it, I get it. Well he called out Shannon. You know if he gonna call out Shannon, he go I get it. Okay. I I I eat it. That's on me. Yeah. That's on me. Yeah. But Your best player when you ask for something. Yeah. What you grandma, my tell Ocho don't ask for something and you ain't gonna be, Hey boy I don't spend all my money for that toy.


You better play with that toy player. Play With that toy. Yeah. And don't ask for that. And don't ask for nothing else. Right. Thank you. Don't you, don't you ask me as long as you damn. Yeah. You know I'm only six right about. Yeah. Oh, joke about old ass be done for long man Leo. Yeah. Hey, hey, When it come to professional, when it come to professional athletes, you, you, you understand how sensitive players are in this era. Yeah. But Antman is one of the few and it's only a handful on where your coach can come out. Come out and say the things he say because he knows I know my player, I know how he is, I know how he's gonna respond to this. He's not gonna shut down. Most players they shut down. Huh?


They shut down When you hear something like that, they absolutely know. Nah, and I mean You, I mean Joe, You know this. I mean nor and I tell people don't want to hear. I say the greater the player, the bigger the ego. Yeah. The greater listen to me, the greater the player, the greater the ego and you have to walk that balance and You know, the way you talk to somebody else. I mean Oh, you could talk. No, no, you ain't talking to Jordan like you talking to the, the the the 12 guy on the feed. No, he, you not cursing at him. You're not raising your voice at him. You're like, come on Mike, come on now. We gotta we gotta have that.


That's what you're telling him. Yeah, but you telling but you telling what you telling bj. Damn bj, come on bro. Right, right, right, right. I totally, but I think go ahead. But that's the, the, the really great coaches, they really understand what to say and who to say it to and how to say it. Yeah. Because you can't coach every, you treat 'em all. Fair. Coach Davids my coach in college say he used to tell us all the time, I'm gonna treat y'all all fair, but I ain't gonna treat y'all the same. Right. Right. Alright. Look, I I piggyback what Ocho said. I think he right. I think an is the kind of guy that coaching knew that he can kind of call out and say to like, You know, Hey, you didn't ask for the smoke. Let's step up, let's step up to the like we, we hitting now.


And I look forward to him having a much, much better game too. Obviously, You know, I picked Timberwolves in this series and I I still think they got a chance, man. Obviously they got some work to do ahead of 'em, but I think they still got a great chance. Yeah. I think the thing is like with Ed gets it going, not everybody else can relax and they stop making shots. Yeah. Well Ed's struggling like, damn, they dialed in on him all, they ain't giving a, they he, he got loose in that second half. But for the most part man. Yeah. Jimmy Butler, Draymond, them all them dudes bro. They sitting down Yeah. Picking or GP the second. Yeah. Yeah. He picking him back. Look, You know he got that extended pressure on him. He picking him up full and hey look, like I always say you wanna just try to wear a guy down like, like an, You know, he's a special talent.


We all know that. And we can't give him nothing easy. That's what the Warriors are saying. So we gonna make everything tough and he has no and understanding. So I'm, I'm sure You know he done watch the tape watch film and he gonna get back game two ocho. He gonna be a different animal. Oh yeah. The Volume.


You know that feeling when you're about to score 30% off but they want your number. Ugh. Give them your line two number instead it's a second line on your phone. Perfect. For nabbing promo codes without inviting spam to your party. Sign up for every discount under the sun, then block the junk texts that follow you get all the perks, but none of the spammy baggage, more codes, less chaos. Visit line two.com/audio or download line two in the app store and get your shopping sidekick today because the only thing blowing up your phone should be good deals.


Member Week is here at Lowe's. Don't miss your chance to get up to 40% off hundreds of items like paint, stain tools, flooring, and more. Shop our exclusive deals happening in store and online from May 8th through May 14th, not a member. Join my Lowe's Pro rewards for free today and get ready to save more Lowe's. We help you save loyalty programs, subject to terms and conditions. Details of lows.com/terms subject to change.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.