
What's good. Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with These open ear Buds. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite. Moneyball the Blindside and Liars Poker. On. the latest season of my podcast, Against the Rules. I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states, and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against, the Rules on America s number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules Listen to Against. the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show, ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy. Media I. want to quickly tell you about my podcast? It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes, come out every Tuesday and for 30 minutes I dive into three stories in Major, League, Baseball that I want to talk about or I. do a stat deep dive. Sometimes. I, create my own stats. It gets weird. It's now your go to podcast for staying up to date and in the weeds with Major, League, Baseball. No topic is off limits or too small. Bad umpires, great pitcher, catcher, duos, new rules, old rules, Three, things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy. Media. I. want to tell you about my podcast? wake and Jake? I've been a sports nut my whole life and there's nothing I love more than talking about it. If you're a sports fan, wake and Jake is the place for you. Covering all the hot topics from the sports world, lot of baseball, a lot of post-season coverage, mock drafts, awards, guest interviews, all of it. New episodes every Monday and Wednesday. Come watch along on the wake and Jake YouTube channel or listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume, TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app, use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL Plus Premium. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Jump the gun again now. Hello ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm your favorite Aunt Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite 85 route runner from Liberty City Bengals. Ring of Fame Artery. I'm not so sure he wanna claim the Bengals right now, but he was a pro bowler from a all pro for the Cincinnati Bengals. That's Chad Ochoco Johnson. You can just call him Mocho. Thank you for joining us. After the 49 ERs win 30, Cowboys 24, the Cowboys fall to three and four. The 49 ERs are now 504 and four. I think they're going to buy again. Thank you for joining us. Cowboys might be in trouble in that division because the commanders walk it off.


The Eagles blow it out and they're looking good and cowboys they aren't. So thank you for joining us. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We want to thank you. Every subscriber counts. Every subscriber matter. And because of you, OCHO and I and Nightcap have been able to enjoy un unparalleled success. So thank you again. Hey type man, make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We hope to be in 14 to 16 states by the end of the year. If we're currently not in a state or a city near you, you can order it.


We have it in stock and because we have it in stock, the turnaround will probably be two to five business days considering where you ordered it from. So if you want it and it's not in a city or a state near you, you can order it and we'll ship it directly to your door. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's she. She Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Our newest IT release dropped yesterday, no, two days ago, which is Friday. We dropped. I was hell when I was well shirts. I'll lie for you before I lie to you. Shirts. Black, black Nightcap hoodies and by popular demand. Stay with me now. Hoodies also, the best sellers are UNC and OCHO tees.


Quantities are limited. So grab yours while supplies last. The link is pinned in the chat. Again, thank you for your support ocho, let's jump right into it. The Cowboys lose again. 49 ERs. Beat the Cowboys 30 to 24 needing a touchdown to take the lead. Dallas goes four and out, four straight incompletions and they lose 30 to 24. If you can't beat the 49 ERs, Debo ends up going out. Yeah, Jennings was already out out. Yeah, IU is Out out. Yeah, McCaffrey is out. Yeah. If you can't beat them with the limited offensive weapons that they have.


Yeah, I don't know when you're gonna be able to beat them. Because we know if they had a full arsenal, oh, they probably win by 20. They probably win by three touchdowns or Joe, They, they might have put a 40 tonight. They might have put up 40. They Absolutely 5 45 points. Listen, I really, I, I thought the Cowboys coming off of about week. I thought it would've been a better showing for them offensively, defensively. They still can't stop the run. So I'm not sure what they did. No. Right week. Dak can't dak you can't turn the ball over. Dak didn't play well. He didn't play well. I know at the end of the game, it might look like from a statistical standpoint that Dak played well, as far as the artist that CD Lamb was able to get. I, I don't, I hate to call it garbage time, but it is garbage time. It was because the 49 ERs basically playing damn near pre defense.


Yes. Basically they, they, they, they stopped playing defense. And I, I don't know what they need to do. It's, it's, it's getting scary for them. 'cause everybody else in that division is playing Well, the commanders, it's amazing. Will getting the quarterback and do it for a franchise in such a short time that fast, they look good. The Eagles playing. Well, I, I'm, I'm not sure what the, what I, I'm curious what Jerry's gonna say. Now. I'm, He can't say nothing 'cause he put this roster together. Remember? He how you wanted us to pat him on the back Ocho Yeah. For the roster that he done. Everybody's here. Either I, either I I have selected him or it was, it came across my desk. Right. You picked that roster. Right. And didn't he, that those defensive lineman that didn't run through like Sherman went through Atlanta.


That's You. Yeah. And then didn't he say 36 attempts? Oh, Joe, look. Yeah. 36 attempts. 223 yards, two touchdowns. Ugh. That's nasty work. That's nasty work. But didn't Jerry say as a GM and the owner, there's nobody else that is better suited to do the job than him though. Right? That's what he saying. Okay. But a lot don't care who tell it. I'm, I'm just making sure. Listen, I I was and I I picked the 40. No, it's, no, it's funny. I picked the Cowboys to win. I picked the Cowboys to win simply because the 49 ERs were, were depleted. Some of the weapons were out. Yeah. Jennings was out. Brendan, I was out. I wasn't sure if Diva was gonna play and I He played, but then he ended up leaving. Yeah, he Ended up But it was towards the end of the game though.


It was towards the end of the game. Yeah. He played, played the But they needed him on that. They lead him on that last drive. The, the, the drive before they ended up going, you know, had to punt the ball. Right. That's when you need a Debo. That's when you need a quality guy. Somebody that you can count on that's like, okay, you know what? Yeah, yeah. I can, he can make plays. I know I can go give him the ball, but I like, you know what I like, I like the way Purdy played in the second half. Yeah. I thought he left a lot of plays on the field in the first half. Yeah, he did. He threw half a third down. He threw it behind Deebo. He had an end cut that was wide open. He had to dig. Yeah. And he threw the check down the kittle. I'm like, bro, Conley is not gonna get any more open Right. Than what he was on that dig. Right on that dig we call it in whatever you wanna call it.


He's never gonna get even any more open than what he was on that route. He wasn't sure about himself. Yeah. And that's really one of the first times that I've seen Purdy unsure about himself. Yeah. But the funny thing, he had Deebo on the shallow cross. Right. He threw it behind him. Ain't no telling what You can't read. It's hard to reach back and grab that. It's hard to reach back and grab that. Oh Joe, you talking speed. You and I understand that. Oh yeah. The casual fan at home. The people at home that never caught passes. Right. Oh, it touch your hands. You Should catch it. Nah, Stop. Foolish. That's foolishness. That's different. You're talking to the people that played, you got 12 plus years in the NFL. I got 14. We got a bunch of pros. We got a bunch of all pros. We got over five, we got over seven, 1500 catches between the two of us. Yes sir. So I think we know what we're talking about.


We were saying that's one of the hardest catches you running full speed that way you try to open your hips to get your hips around and hard. The ball's hard. It's a hard catch to make. Even, even though he did mi miss him, he did miss some throws. What he did do very well is extend plays. He Yeah. With his legs. He Took off on him and making him and making plays off script using his legs. And you don't really see Purdy as, as one that is as a, as a dual threat quarterback. But he, he did really well at extending plays and running for running for first downs when there was really nothing open when the pocket broke down. Him being able to skate. He did that very, very well tonight. Well, you know, just like, well he's unsure of his receivers.


All you can ask your receivers to do Yeah. Is be where they're supposed to be and catch if they're where they're supposed to be. When your back foot hit, let the ball go. I don't give a damn who it is. You could be throwing the ash if when your back foot hit and ash is 15 coming back towards the ball, you let that mofo go Ocho. If you a, if you hit a five, you running a speed out. Right. When that joke hit 10 and roll to 12. Yeah. Let the ball go. Gotta be gone. It doesn't matter who's running the route. All you want him to do is to be in the place where he's supposed to be. Yeah. That's what creates uncertainty. But hey, the dude driving back to you, he's 15, he's coming back towards you.


Right. Let it go. The mere fact that he took the check down, let me knew that he was uncertain with that. You know, the, he skipped ca conley on another end break route and he skipped it, almost skipped it to it. You know what's funny, you talking about him having uncertainty with himself, he might have uncertainty with the person he's throwing the ball to. That that could be a possibility as well. 'cause that the trust might not be there just yet. It is. But all you can ask him to be now, if he wasn't where he was supposed to be. Right. That's The different Point. And you gotta, and you gotta do this, but Ocho Yeah, that's, you drop back and your back foot hit and he's at 15 coming back. You gotta let It go.


Gone. You gotta be gone. Hell you threw it to him in practice. Hell, Hey, you know what's funny now, now that you mentioned that, that's where the trust starts. Yes. Those plays repetitive. Make those Yes. Repetitive practice. So if, if you, if you, if you hesitate the game, that means in practice it might not have won as well as it should. 'cause for a quarterback, when you, when you run certain plays in practice and you get in the rhythm with a receiver, it comes like clockwork before you even out that break, the ball is already going. 'cause you know where he is gonna be. You anticipated I know his, I know Kyle. Kyle is a lot like his dad. Yeah. What the hell you holding on the ball for?


So what's his depth supposed to be? Right? 15. How deep you think he was 15. Right. So why the hell you didn't throw it to him? Oh yeah, He Opened. He's not gonna get any open, more open than what he was on that play. Yeah, most definitely. And those are the plays. Hey coach, I threw it to him. He dropped it. That's, that's on him. I've done my job. Yeah. My job is to throw it to the guy. If he drop it, that's on him. Yeah. Hey, what happened on that play? I don't know. He coming off the field ask him, but I threw it to it. You know what I'm saying? Hey, that's all I got for you Ocho. Right. Right. Man, at some point in time, Ocho, if you can't stop the run, it's damn near impossible to win in this league.


It was nasty work on the run tonight. That's been the Achilles heel all season long. Shit. Hell last season two if I'm not mistaken. Yes, it is bad. It's, it's bad. They built to play with a lead and that's fine to have undersized linemen if you got a lead and a team can't run the ball. But what happens when you don't have the lead and you got those light ass, look at 13, 13 is a safety playing linebacker. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Whoa. You know, you better have some, you better have some guys that got some damn bricks in their back pocket to drop anchor on your ass Once one of them linemen, one of them pulling guards, get a hold of 13 or anybody, you know, basically in that, in that second tier. That second level.


Yes. And they ride, they riding them all the way to the sideline. But look at all the, look at the guys. They got Angular guys, Ocho, they got guys looking to try to shoot a gap. You know, they, they looking to get Upfield. Right. And you can get Upfield. If I got a 14 point lead, I got a 1721 point lead. So now I've taken you out of the running game because you are behind. I know you're not gonna run. Yeah. And so you're gonna run periodically. I give you 10 yards, but you running the football, you'll run out of time trying to catch up. So I know you want to throw the football. Right. This is embarrassing. Yeah. This is embarrassing by the Cowboys because you look at what, you look at what the Saints did to 'em. Yeah. You look at what the Ravens did to them. Who else did be look, pull up their schedule and I can, I can, I can tell you who ran the ball down there.


Fucking That, that, that, that, that sat Ravens game was that was, that was nasty work. No, no, no, no, no, no. Some, some other people ran it worse than Did them do them Dirty Steelers ran the ball. Yeah. Who Lions? It was the lions. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Oh, well, you know what, you know, funny thing when you talk about the lions, the lions running the ball on everybody. Everybody. They running the ball on everybody. So I mean, if, if they can't stop the run, they're not going to be able to be anybody. If they can't play from a lead, even if they do have a lead, the fact that they can't stop the run, the team is probably gonna catch up because that, that means the offense has to be that much more perfect every time they had the ball.


And it's puts a lot of pressure on your offense. Here it is tonight they ran the ball 19 times for 56 yards. That's it. That's not even three yards. That's, that's is that three yards of carry? That's not even three yards to Carry point Yards of carry. That's 2.9 something. Because 19 times three be 57. They had 56. But how do you only have 56 yards with the backs You have. You got, you got, you got Elliot, you got, you got 10 for 34. What about, you want Dwin Cook's number? What is six for 12 Dab? See, Kevon Turpen, he had 1 4 11. He had like a jet suite. Okay. Oh my goodness, man.


Listen. Oh, Joe, hold on. You can't stop the run and you can't run the ball. Something. Something gotta give. Okay. Okay. I'm gonna give you a recipe for getting your ass kicked. You can't run it. Big helper to that. You can't stop the run A bigger helper to that. Right. But matter of fact, hold the, I got a question for you. You played the Yes a very long time. Let's say you were part of the, the, the Cowboys personnel. What would be the answer for the Cowboys? What do they need to do based on what they have now? You can't go out and get any new players. You got Micah coming back at some point. I'm not sure when Yeah. Him and Delau coming back. Yeah, for sure. What Is the answer? What is the answer to fix the problem that they have right now?


There are no answers, Ocho So the season's over. No, you gotta play the games. You gotta play the game. But I don't the per, I don't have the personnel, I don't have guys that are big enough that are stout enough to be able to stand in there and protect me against the run. Right. Because they getting up on your second level every time. Every time. I mean, they scoop, they scoop blocking and slip blocking up to the second level every single time. They com What we mean by combo, that means they're doubling and then they push the end and then they go to the linebacker. Yeah. Or they'll scoop the D or they'll scoop the tackle and get up on the linebacker. So in other words, it's two against one and then they gets to the next level. Yeah. Or they do it with a tight end.


They'll do it with a tight end and a tackle. They'll do it with, if you notice they do a lot of motion with the tight end. Yeah. He'll push the end on to make sure he secured the edge and then he's gone up to the second level and here come the back right behind it. Right. They don't have the personnel because they're built to play with a lead. You anticipated we got d we played 60 million for a quarterback. We got a $34 million wide receiver. But you don't have anybody outside of that 34 million wide receiver. Yeah. You have no resemblance of a run game. You can't run the ball even if you wanted to, and you don't attempt to most of the time, because that's why you had 38 pass attempts and you had 19 rush attempts. So you can't run the ball.


You can't stop the run. So a team is just, they just grind you down to the nub. So, You know, maybe, maybe the cowboys are abandoning the run too fast. Maybe they're abandoning the run way too fast. Because if, if you said how Zeke had, what, how many carries Heke had, Zeke had 10 carriers for 34 yards. And okay. And obviously you said D Dalvin had dalvin had six, Had six for 12 yards. Maybe they need to balance it out a little bit more because every time you run the ball, it's not going to hit every time. Sometimes you gonna get No, sometimes you get one. Sometimes you go two yards. Sometimes you, you might get five. But at some point, if you keep chopping wood, like Coach Lewis used to say, you keep chopping wood at some point something gonna break At some point. Well, I tell you what, I'm gonna give you a hatchet and I'm gonna let you go try to chop down a giant red wood and I'm gonna see how long it's gonna take you because that's what the cowboys are trying to do.


Right? You're trying to chop down a redwood or a Sequoia with an effing hatchet. This ain't David Crockett. You ain't Daniel Boone. I understand you, right? Because when you look at an ocho, when that comes outta the half and he throws the interception, right? They go down score Boone. So now with a different ball game, now it's 13, 10. Guess what? They go right down the field, boom, they score again. Yeah. So now you're down two scores. You ain't got no running game. Right? I know you can't run the ball. And then boom, guess what we score again. Now we got you down three. Now we got you down three scores again. We got you down 17. And now you don't have no choice but to throw The ball. You ain't got no choice but to throw it.


You ain't afraid to run the ball. First of all, why would I hand the ball to a guy that's average of three yards of carry? Another guy that's aver of two yards of carry Where, where they going back to the line of sc scrimmage. So when every time, if you look at it, think about it Ocho Yeah. When they, when the cowboys on, second down it's second and 10 or second or eight or more. I mean, what that's supposed to do with that. Yeah. I'm not excusing Dax for throwing those interceptions, but I'm saying Yeah, it's hard to keep overcoming second and eighth, second and 10. Third and eighth. Yeah. Third and 10. Yeah. At some point in time it needs to be third to one to three. That's why first down, It needs to be second and second and three to five.


That's why first down is the most important. First down to me it is, it's the most important down to make sure your third down is very manageable and it it opens up your playbook. 'cause there's so many different things you can do with a third and two or a third and three. Yeah. Third and five. Now, any anything outside of that, you know, it, it gets tricky. It's, it is damn near a, a, a, a coin. A coin flip. And where to get the first, Because if you look at it, because they're playing from behind the sticks, it's hard to play a football game like that and win a football game when you are constantly behind the sticks. And that's what the Cowboys are. It's second and long, it's third and long. Right? Right.


And yet you get a few of those. But over the course of a game it don't operate like that. But the but the but the Cowboys don't look good. They don't O Joe. Right.


Hey There. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling Listen to Against, the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, James Brown, BB King, Miriam Maba. I shook up the world. James Brown said, say it loud. And Akia said, I'm black and I'm Proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in the heart of Zaire Africa. Three days of music and then the boxing event. What was going on in the world at the time, made this fight as important that anything else is going on on the planet. My Grandfather laid on the ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself out. Welcome to Rumble, the story of a world in transformation, the Sixties. And prior to that, you couldn't call a person black. And how we arrived at this peak moment, I don't have to be what you want me to be, We all came from the continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondents and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show. Ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy. Media I. want to quickly tell you about my podcast? It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday. and for about 30 minutes, I dive into three topics in Major, League, Baseball that I am interested in. Breaking stories, trends, stats, weird stuff. Sometimes I make up my own stats. Sometimes I do a lot of research and it ends up I was wrong the whole time. So that's something you can get in on. Use Jimmy's three things podcast to stay up to date on Major, League, Baseball. And to make you just a smidge smarter than your friend who's a baseball fan. You listen to me and then you go tell him, Hey, I know this and you don't. So I make you smarter than your friends. That's what Jimmy's three things is all about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. You could also find it on the Talking Baseball YouTube channel. And new episodes drop every Tuesday.


Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy. Media I. want to tell you about my podcast? wake and Jake, it's your go-to spot for anything and everything. Sports, baseball, football, basketball, hockey, golf, college, whatever's hot in the street. We're talking about it on waken Jake. So if you're a diehard fan or looking for the latest buzz, we've got you covered. No matter your favorite sport, we're breaking it down with the passion that'll make you feel like you're in the stands with us. Plus we've got a bunch of guests, foolish Bailey, jolly Olive, Chris Rose, and more mock drafts, rankings, whatever you want. It's the sports world. And come on and join our friends in the waken Jake family. You will not regret it. So new episodes Monday and Wednesday. You can watch along on the waken Jake YouTube channel or listen to waken Jake on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


It don't look good. I mean, the offensive line really isn't that good. Zack Martin is not what he used to be. They hold a lot. And so it's a lot of pressure on 'em because you can't run the ball. And the team, the opposing team knows that it's hard to keep no mofos off your ocho. Oh, you talking about Speaking of them not looking good. Do you see who the next three games? Yes. They go down the road. Atlanta. Atlanta plays some damn good football. Yeah, they Got Atlanta, they got the Falcons. That is the Atlanta Falcons. I mean Atlanta is are the Falcons. I think they got the Eagles. The Eagles. That's right. Got Atlanta. They got the, they they got the Eagles. They got back to back week with birds.


Hey, hold on. It. It is another, it's another difficult one right after that though. They got the Texas, It's another, it's another, They got Atlanta, they got the, they got Atlanta Eagle, they got the Eagles, they got the Texans and then they got the commanders. Ooh. You know Washington Commanders? So if you say Commanders, yeah, they got Washington. Yeah. That's the Washington commanders. It could be. It could be. It could. It could. It could be on four. It could be oh four. Yeah, for sure. Oh five coming out to buy Denver. Doing better than the Cowboys. I bet you that I don't know how we do it, but I know we doing better than the Cowboys. I tell you what, if your team did not win today, I don't want to hear you say foot or ball.


If your team didn't win. If your team won today, say football all your life. Say yeah. Yes, yes. Cheer. But if your team didn't win, if your team lost by more than 10 points, and if you do, and the only way you're allowed to speak, if you're on a podcast, if your team lost by more than 10, I don't hear nothing. And the eagles got lucky today, but we ain't get to that. We'll get that Boy. They'd be the boy they Molly whop y'all at home. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Aint ain't no Molly whop. That was garbage time points. Now Ain't no garbage time. Garbage time. You know why, you know how you get garbage time? 'cause they say, Hey, let's clean up the garbage. 'cause that's what was on the field. We played against garbage.


Y'all trash ocho. I know you don't want that made ocho, that's your team and you should ride with 'em. But I told you, your defense, your defense sucked. Oh yeah. Yeah. And then your offense sucked. Yeah. The whoa, listen, the, for us, this for the, for us this year, the defense has been es heel. It it is been our achi heel. I'm, I'm just gonna be honest. You do realize that y'all got beat by the Patriots. Yeah. So what was the excuse of that one? That's, that's week one. You know, week one is a toss up. Okay. Week one is a toss up. You got starters that didn't play any games in the preseason. So it's depending on, on how well you run your offense. That's most of the starters. Huh? That's most of the starters on the team who plays in the preseason. Yeah. You, you're right. Right. That's why it says the toss up and who wins the game.


Whoever executes, whoever executes their game playing the most and makes the least errors most of the time when it comes to week one game, that's who wins until the all the rhythm. Now, right now, week seven, you hear me? Yeah, they, well y'all we're heading in the week. This was week eight. What they call this week eight. Yeah, this week eight, huh? Or seven. Yeah. Week eight. Yeah. But listen, our offense don't really get rolling until you get to about week four. Nah, You don't think so? Oh, it's week. It's you in week eight. Yeah. I so you a month past. Okay. I know I was talking about ear early in the season.


Oh, okay. So when your defense get, okay, if your offense get rolling about week four, when your defense kick in, Hey, hey, defense is read and react, baby Read it. Okay. When y'all gonna react, y'all read. I mean, what what they need. What y'all, y'all can you, can you read your need in braille? I mean, what is it? Because something going on with the beagles. I don't know what's going on with the beagles, man. Hey, I, I, I don't know unc man. I'm, I'm, I'm hurt man. And I got, I got fans. Everybody told me they wanna fire Zack Taylor. They, they, they saying the play, the play calling is, is, is. Oh, now it's the play calling. Yeah. I'm, I'm, no, I'm just, I'm just, I'm, I'm telling you what I'm hearing from the fans.


Yeah. They're blaming the coaching. They're blaming coaching staff. But listen, when you come into a game with a game plan, it's up to the players to execute the exit. The no. Yes. That's all it come down to. That's all it come down to. It don't matter who's calling it, it, it don't matter who's calling it. They call those same plays. Now when y'all winning it, y'all didn't say nothing about that. Nah. You see how fickle fans are. Yeah. That's why if you listen to 'em, you'll be up there with 'em. Yeah. In the stands. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. So about players, coaches listen to the fans. Yeah. And pretty soon you would join them up in, up in there in the Stands. Somebody, somebody, somebody sent me, somebody sent me a, a meme or a gif that had Bill Belichick and a Bengals hoodie as a coach with the sleeves Cut off with cheap ass Paul Brown.


I, I mean, excuse me. Not Paul Mike. That the dad. Mike. Mike, Mike Brown. I mean, he cheat too. We spent a little money in the off season. Now we, we Oh, you, we We spend a little money. Very little. I mean, look, y'all spent most of the money last year, right? When y'all resigned, Joe, you got O Brown. You got O Brown Jr. So y'all feeling, but you know who y'all really miss? Who? Jesse Bates ii. Oh, that's a good one. He bawling in Atlanta. He, he cutting A fool. He bawling. He cutting a He is balling. He was the quarterback of your secondary. Yeah. Yeah. But they didn't, they didn't want, they didn't wanna penny Ball. I've been told y'all to stop all that talking.


But the 49 ERs went at home, go to 504 and four with a 30 24 victory over the Dallas Cowboys. The Cowboys fall to three and four and fall way, way behind Division leader Washington Commanders who are six and two. Right. And I think the Eagles are five and three, if I'm not mistaken. The two and a half games. So there's three and four. Yeah. The Cowboys next four opponents. Atlanta, Philly, Houston, Washington are combined 22 and nine. They had three kickoff penalties. How you, how can y'all get lined up on the kickoff? Illegal formation, bro, what y'all doing, What is is that is not lined up where they should be right before the ball is kicked.


Right. That Prescott is the first Cowboys quarterback with multiple interceptions in three straight games since 1992. Those, oh, those cowboys. Troy Eggman. That was the first year they went to the Super Bowl. Mm. They ended up blowing out the Buffalo bills. Right. Yeah. I know that's a nice little, that's a nice little caveat in there. Say, oh man, look what we did man. D hey, don't worry about it Troy. Let it forget about it. Go back and look at that roster. Yeah. What they had. Oh, completely. Look at your roster. Look at their defensive roster and look at your roster completely. Oh Joe, the pacs come from behind to beat the New York jet.


25, 22, 22. Excuse me. They begin the season with Super Bowl aspirations and now their playoff dreams are starting to slowly, slowly fade. Fade away. Two and six with a five game losing streak. Heavily favored the jet jets came unravel in every possible way, falling to oh and three under Jeff Obert on the Woody Johnson decision to fire Robert Sly after only five games. Clearly has backfired. Yeah. Pat Devon Gaucho. Is it gaucho on Aaron Rogers? I think he's struggling right now. Just a hall of Fame quarterback like that. I hate to see him go out that way. He definitely don't look the same ish.


I can run him down and catch him. Wow. Wow. Now you remember ocho Yeah. We had this conversation. I say you bring a guy like Aaron Rogers. Right. I say you are hoping that the defense is exactly what they are. Right. If not better. Right. You are hoping the guy that you're getting is what he was. Where he was at. At least before you got At least a little bit of what he was. You're not Gonna, you tell me Aaron Rogers look like Eric at what part? Yeah. He could make a throw here or there. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. But not nearly enough. Right. His deep. If that defense don't hold a team to 12 points, they not winning. Right. They're not winning.


Now I wanna know what the excuse is now. 'cause the last four weeks he has to play better. Right. He Say, listen, you know what happens though, Joe. What happened when you start to get old, you know what you need to do, but you just can't do it. You do it. Your body can't do it no more. The mind is willing. Yeah. The body just ain't able, it won't Register. I Need to play better. I need to play better. Right. And what you can do, like when you young, you bro, you could rattle off big game after big game after big game. Yeah. As you start to age, they get farther and farther in between. Right. You have one good game, week fi, week one, and then it might be week 4, 5, 6.


Before you have another one. You have another one. And then it's week 10 before you have another one. Anybody out there tell me Aaron Rogers look like, tell me that you've ever seen Aaron Rogers look like he looks right now. Yeah, but when I tried to tell you he was 40 when I tried to tell you he's coming off from Achilles injury. Oh, you hating? He still got no four MVPs. Okay. He got no four EBPs. How you looking? Yeah, it's rough. And you know what funny, the the funny thing about it is we talk about Aaron Rogers not looking like the Aaron Rogers we're used to seeing, especially when he was at Green Bay. If Aaron Rogers playing as bad as he is now, then that mean the people around him have to play that much. Has to play better. They have to. That's what happened. Better to hide the handicap or the weakness.


That is that, I mean, thank you. That, that he's displaying right now. As you get older at ocho, as you get older as a human, what do you need to get by people to help you more? Maybe you need people to come in and help you prepare your meal, help you to get dressed right. Help you to drive as an athlete. You need more talent around you. Yeah. You need better receivers. You need a better running game. You need an offensive line to protect you. You need a defense. Okay. That can stand on their head. But he has a receivers. Huh? We got Devonte Adams, we have Gary Wilson, we have Alan Lazar. You have a superstar a a star running back and Brie Hall.


There, there, there, there should be, there should be no excuses at this point. There should be no reason why the jet are Okay. So what's the so what it is you, you gave me? Okay. You got Garrett Wilson, you got Devonte Adam, you got Brie Hall, you got Allen. So what's the excuse? Oh, I, I don't know what, I don't know the, I don't know the Problem. No, it's gotta be something done. You just told me, Chad. Y'all heard Ocho said it. He's saying they got better weapons than what they had for Zack Wilson. I know. That's what OCHO told me. They said if we get a quarterback right, we gonna be fine. You just rattle off Gary Wilson. You just rattle off Devonte Adams, you just rattle off Bree Hall. You just rattle off Allen. Now I need to know what's the problem. No, if he has all those weapons. Right. I I don't, I don't know.


But everyone, I just, now You don't know. Lemme lemme Oh Joe, you, You know what? It's, lemme, lemme Finish, lemme finish. In order for Aaron Rogers to play at Maximum Potential Garrett Wilson Demon, Adams and Brie Hall have to be that much better. They, they just have to be that much better to over. I thought that's why they brought him in there. I thought he they brought him in there to make them better. Yeah. I mean, not complete. Okay. We blame. Okay. We blame Robert Sala. Yeah. He lost his job. Right. Nathaniel Hackett got demoted. Yeah. Okay. You just told me, ain't nobody gonna say Rogers. Everybody said, so everybody said a hacking. We got Devonte.


You traded and got Devonte. Yeah. You got a a a offensive player of the year. And, and, and Garrett Wilson, I mean Rookie of the year. Yeah. Ain't nobody gonna say the obvious. Right. Shoot, Ain't nobody gonna say the obvious. I, I I said, I said, I said the quarterback was the problem anyway. I said the only Rush quarterback's name. Oh, Aaron Rogers. Oh, okay. Okay. No problem. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I I said that already. I was just saying I, I said Aaron Rogers was the problem. That's why I said everyone else has to play that much better if he's not playing well, everybody else gotta be on point. But if, if, hold on. If that was the case, you could have kept, you could have kept Zach Wilson. I could. I could. And then have everybody elevate their place. I could have told you that. I could have told you that. Because he didn't even play this goddamn bad.


There wasn't no goddamn two and six. But also Also when Z was there, the defense was, was, was, was all World defense was all right, boy, hey, they were playing some goddamn ball. If you go back and study History of Defense, which I have. Yeah. Only one defense in the history Yeah. Has gotten better statistically when they were all World the previous year. Right. The 85 Bears as great as they were. If you go back and look at statistically the 86 Bears was the greatest defense assemble. And the funny thing, they, But they got beat. They were 14 and two and they got beat. The funny thing about it, so the 85 bid get the credit for being in the best defense Because they won the Super Bowl.


Okay. Okay. Okay. You look at the 2000 Ravens, they won the Super Bowl. You look at the oh two bucks. Yeah. They won the Super Bowl. You look at the 13. The 13 Legion Bo they won the Super Bowl. Yeah. You look at those historic defenses in Pittsburgh, they won the Super Bowl. 76 might've been the better. Might've been the better defense of the defense they've assembled. Now you talk about a team that won four Super Bowls in six years. Right. And you look at the, the, I think they won 74, 75 and they won what, 78, 79, something like that. I think that's, if my memory serve be correct, that's what happened. But if that defense have any slippage and your quarterback has slippage Yeah, it's Over.


Yeah. It's a wrap. It's over. And because they don't generate enough early enough. Right. And so the defense is constantly on the field and now you wear 'em down. Yeah. That's tough. What they have, I mean they, they ran K ocho 28 for a buck 12. That's like four yards of carry. That's exactly four yards of carry. Right. Exactly. Four you can live with, you can live with that. Yeah. Rogers was 17 of 28. 2 33. 2 33. Yeah. Zach, Derek, Drake, may 3 0 6, 23 yards. He ran for a touchdown, got kicked in the back of his head. I don't know how that wasn't because the guy was gonna slide and the guy hit him in the back of the head.


But that's not the hear nor there. But the Jet's got some issues and you seeing that it wasn't coaching. The funny, It wasn't coaching. We talk about they have issues. These issues have been arising since what Broadway Jones. It's been the same issues. Yeah. Been the same issues. And, and the time when they were successful, it was because of their defense. It was because of their defense. Their defense has always carried the jets. Yeah. And, but that, but that's what happened. I mean, if you go back and look and everybody's like, well if you look at the Broncos, they won the Super Bowl. Yes.


But do y'all remember what the Broncos offense was before that defense became that? Do y'all remember Peyton Manning? They won 13 straight. They won like 11 straight games. Yeah. His first year there, he finished run up for the MVP. The next year he was the MVP. Yeah. 55 touchdowns. 5,400 plus yards. Broke the record in touchdown and pass the yards. The next year he threw four, another 39 touchdowns, 12 interceptions and almost 45, 4600 yards. Yeah. Okay. Go back and look at Tom Brady. Did you see the numbers that he put up? But what happens when his defense couldn't stand on their head? Right. Like they did in the playoffs and down the stretch his first year. Then what happened? Come on, Chad. I know y'all watching.


What happened when that defense couldn't stand on its head? Right. And they couldn't turn you over and then he started to turn the ball over. That was the same defense. That was Levante. David. Devin. White. White, Vive. JPP. They had outstanding. Yeah. But as you get older, it gets harder and harder for you to sums it up. Game in and game out. Throw in and throw out. Yeah. I'm not telling you something. I'm, you're talking about a guy that got old in the league. I'm I I I mean, I I thought you would wanna hear from a guy. I thought y'all said, y'all like guys that played the game, played the game at a high level.


Yeah. One thing I'm telling you what it's like to get old. I couldn't sum of it up. Game in and game out. Yeah. Just like you, if you in a relationship, as you start to get older, you can't put them rounds together. Round Dinging, ding ding. Hey Ocho hey, when they be talking about eight inches I give you fold today and photo ball. That's all I got for you Ocho. That's all I got. Ocho I, Hey, that's it. That's it. So leave me alone. Hey, Hold on, hold On. I'm snatching the cover and going to sleep. Hey. No. Hey listen, no more comments about relationships.


Oh my bad. Yeah, they right. Not my bad. Not right now. Like, you know, but Too, you right, you right, you right. My bad, my bad. I'm my bad. And nothing, nothing about no sex. Nothing. I'm I'm in the dog house right now, so Yeah. I I can't, I can't hear. Oh No, you in the dog house. I had to know how I've been, I've been my house. A big house. Yeah. IIII know I You Don't be talking about nothing anyway, huh? Huh? That I had to get the roast marks. Roast marks. Have me have me summons it up. I could get a couple of rounds in. It's too soon. It's too soon. Okay. My bad. You right Ocho, I'm sorry too Soon. You right. You right. But you need to fix, but you need to fix that now. That's all I'm gonna say about that. Listen, Listen.


Hey, it it, it is gonna, it gonna, it is gonna take the hand of God. But to come down here and fix that. Lemme take my glasses off. You see my face? It's gonna take the hand of God. Come. Well, you better get on your knees. Hold on. I'm, I'm gonna read you something. My sister, my sister sent me today. Ocho Yeah. I'm gonna share a story with you. I might not share it today. I might have to share it with you later date and time. Yes, sir. But this is what she sent me this morning before I even woke up. I mean, so she's up, it's, it's three hours difference in the time. So she probably said this about probably about 4 30, 5 o'clock. 'cause she gets up every morning. She reads a Bible.


Take Your time. Take Your time. She said, she said, we don't pray to inform God. We pray to involve God. He already knows what's going on in our life. He's just waiting for you to ask him to help. I'm gonna read that again to you. We don't pray to inform God. We pray to involve God. He already knows what's going on in your life. He's just waiting for you to ask him for help. I like that. I like that. And that's right on time too. That's right on time. But back to football. I like that. Okay. Alright.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, James Brown, BB King, Miriam mc Kiba. I shook up the world. James Brown said, say it loud. And Micki said, I'm black and I'm proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in the heart of Zaire Africa. Three days of music and then the boxing event. What was going on in the world at the time, made this fight as important that anything else is going on on the planet. My Grandfather laid on the ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself Out. Welcome to Rumble, the story of a world in transformation, the Sixties. And prior to that, you couldn't call a person black. And how we arrived at this peak moment, I don't have to be what you want me to be, we All came from the continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show Podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondents and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show. Ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy. Media I. want to tell you about my podcast? wake and Jake, it's your go-to spot for anything and everything. Sports, baseball, football, basketball, hockey, golf, college, whatever's hot in the street. We're talking about it on wake and Jake. So if you're a diehard fan or looking for the latest buzz, we've got you covered. No matter your favorite sport, we're breaking it down with the passion that'll make you feel like you're in the stands with us. Plus, we've got a bunch of guests, foolish Bailey, jolly Olive, Chris Rose, and more mock drafts, rankings, whatever you want. It's the sports world. And come on and join our friends in the waken Jake family. You will not regret it. So new episodes Monday and Wednesday. You can watch along on the waken Jake YouTube channel or listen to waken Jake on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy. Media I. want to quickly tell you about my podcast? It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday. and for about 30 minutes I dive into three topics in Major, League, Baseball that I am interested in. Breaking stories, trends, stats, weird stuff. Sometimes I make up my own stats, sometimes I do a lot of research and it ends up I was wrong the whole time. So that's something you can get in on. Use Jimmy's three things podcast to stay up to date on Major, League, Baseball. And to make you just a smidge smarter than your friend who's a baseball fan. You listen to me and then you go tell him, Hey, I know this and you don't. So I make you smarter than your friends. That's what Jimmy's three things is all about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. You could also find it on the Talking Baseball YouTube channel. And new episodes drop every Tuesday.


The Browns upset. The Ravens 29 24 with Jamon Winston starting his first game, filling in for a injured Deshaun Watson. The Browns offense looked completely different. The Browns scored 29 points. It's the first time they've reached 20 points this season. And the offense had a rhythm, it had a flow to it that hasn't been present. He led a game-winning drive in his first start since 2022 in the Brown's toughest matchup to date. They delivered limiting Lamar Jackson to 28, 3 23 of 38 passing and repeatedly slamming the door on third down Ocho I I I have a At some point in time.


Yeah, we gotta stop about what we saw Joe Flaco in the same office. Yeah. We see Jamus Winston in the same office right. At some point in time. Ocho, we, they don't blame Stefan get talking about he calling this, this is what we know. This is for facts. Yeah. This offense looks better with Joe Flacco and Jamus Winston than it ever has with Deshaun Watson. Period. Point blank. Yeah, Exactly. And now I would get ready to ask you, listen, I'm, I'm watching the game myself and for the life of me, I can't figure out these are the same plays, same receivers same, running back, same defense.


When Joe Flacco came in, obviously some of the players might Yes. But today the offense look completely different. Jamis had a 300 yard game, 3 34 in his first game, 3 34 in the first game. How the hell? Three Touchy. So I'm, I'm trying to think. It's the fancy call in different plays because there's a different quarterback. Ocho, Did the playbook change? I'm, I'm, I'm confused At some point in time, Ocho, we got the call that it is what it is. Yes, sir. We've, we've seen, we the common denominator. Yeah. The offense doesn't look good with one. Right. The off offense looks exponentially better with two. Two. Yeah. What is the common denominator? There are three quarterbacks that play in this offense.


Right. One, two of them, the offense has a rhythm. It flows, they throw for 300 yards. The other, it doesn't look good. Right. And he doesn't throw for 300 yards. That's that ain't that ain't weird to you? No, because I see what it's Right. You see it too. Yeah. And it's okay. That doesn't mean I don't listen. I, I like the Deshaun as a football player. Yeah. I really don't know the man off the field. Right, right. And so I know everybody talking about the allegations and all this and all that. Right. I'm talking about the football player field. Right, right. But just, that's what I wanna focus on. I'm not here, first of all, I'm not here to re-talk about his case and you're not qualified either.


I wanna talk about football players. Right. Deshaun hasn't looked good since he's been in Cleveland. And all I know is when two guys come in the offense, that same offense, that offense looks exponentially better. Completely Different. Now, you know what's gonna now watch, watch. The Browns gonna mess around and go on a goddamn run. The Browns gonna mess around and go on a goddamn run. You come out and play like that. You know what that does for the team? You know what that does for the players in that locker room? Man, did you hear Jamis Winston quote after the, we call the Eminem. Yeah. Man dog.


He is the most, he's the most the mo Man Jamon is talking about a play for the play for the name on the helmet. They ain't got no decal on the helmet. A he's unintentionally funny. I don't and he'd be dead serious though. I to the Ravens. I didn't like the way that, I didn't like this. Hold on. You only had 21 rush attempts. You only gave the ball to Derrick Henry 11 times. Yeah. You gave the ball to Derrick Henry 11. So they had 21 rush attempts and you let Lamar Jackson throw the ball 38 times. Oh. So you don't think that's upside down?


Think about what you just said. They gave, they gave Derrick ney a time, 11, 12 times. How many yards did he have? 73. He's averaging 6.6 yards of carry. Could I interest you in that? Remember the game against Cincinnati? Yeah. When he had level, when he had, when he had level carries and then they gave him the ball in twice in overtime and he took him to the farmer and He got up outta there. He got up outta there. Yeah. They went, they went away from it. They went, they, they went away from the game plan. They went away from what has been working. Why they did that? I have no idea. I have no idea. That's what I don't get. You, you have the recipe. If you notice KFC don't change their recipe.


Right. Popeye's. Don't change their recipe. Why? Because it works. Works. Yeah. No, you should, you should have said a church of chicken. But I I I'm with you. Well, I hadn't, I hadn't had either a long time. So I can just, because when you think about it, KFC, the original recipe. Yeah. It's under lock and key. Okay. Popeye's, the Cajun whatever, whatever they use it. But I'm saying they've maintained that. The Ravens, you have the recipe on that five game winning streak that you went on. What did you do? I dunno. You ran the ball. Yeah, I said I hep C ocho it sometimes it, it gets really hard for you to have an honest conversation about the Ravens.


Yeah. Because people think you're trying to, like I said, look, I I think the Ravens are playing phenomenal. Yo. But I have concerns you are about their defense. Yeah. Because I don't think the back end is very good. Oh, he just trying to sneak this Lamar. That's just another way to go around about saying Lamar can't get it Done. You don't, you don't like, you don't like Humphrey and Wiggins. Did I say it right? Is it Wiggins? Go back and look at the past Ash, where the Ravens pass defense rank. I'm gonna, am I Saying yes? I ain't said KFC was good. I'm saying they haven't changed the recipe. See y'all lose, see y'all get so cr and y. Y'all missed the message. I can tell, I can tell y'all didn't do well in school.


Y'all was in the same class K through 12 and didn't never change homeroom. I can tell I the ravens are dead last in past defense. The Ravens are dead last in past defense. But when I said it, oh, that's just the way of you trying to sneak this. Lamar saying he can't get it done. No. Oh. I just wanna know one thing. When I said they weren't very good in the back end and now they're dead. Last in pass defense. Y'all think I watched Raven's game? That's it is not a trick question. It's a yes or no. Right? It's not rhetorical either.


Damn. I get it Ocho. I get it. A lot of times if you don't like the message, you won't receive the message. You like the messenger? The messenger. The messenger. Yeah bro. I just go give it to you straight. I don't got no bro. I don't have any gr If anything you would think like, man, just when I told the truth, the one thing I honestly say about the Broncos when I told told the truth about the Broncos. Right. And what was going on. That was it. But I get it. I get it. I get it bro. I, my job is to like watch the games and give you an honest assessment from a guy that played the game. Right. That studied the game. That's it. I'm not Yes, yes.


The touchdowns. Hey, I like touchdowns. We gonna talk about the commanders. That last play and the guy bull jiving. You see Ocho you see where they got him? Yeah. Nah, he got, he gotta apologize. Yeah. There ain't enough apologies. But back to the Ravens Ocho Derrick Henry is averaging 129 yards a game. Go back and look at him last three to four games. He probably averaging 1 75 and you give him 11 carries. Yeah, but you know what? That's, that, that's on, that's on Todd Monken. That, that, that's, that's on him. That that's, that's that's on the play calling something made them divert away from the run game. I don't know what that is.


I don't know what that is. But I know one thing, the goddamn browns look good with goddamn jam wins under center today. I know that. Yeah. Ocho, we had this conversation. Joe f Flaco look good under center. They, They went on the run that You asked me the question, man, what's going on? Why, why Deshaun can't do what Joe Flacco doing? Now you asking me why can't Deshaun do what Jamis Wilson do it. When I envision Deshaun, I'm thinking of Deshaun Watson. That was in Houston, the De Deshaun Watson that didn't have any of the weapons that he has now at his disposal. But still it was a top, He had a year. I think he had two years. He had a one year or two years with with Hop.


Yeah. No, I Hop was going already. Huh? Hop was gone. He had a hell of a season when hop wasn't even there. Go, go, go ahead. I think Hop, I think hop he played a year with Hop. Yeah. I'm saying he even had a better season once Hop left. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Was even I'm like, well damn. So I'm, I'm thinking that's the Deshaun we gonna get. And it just, it just hasn't been that since he get, since he gotta to Cleveland. I think it's, and I think it is uphill though. You heard me? Huh? It's uphill. Woohoo. Deshaun. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's up here. It's up. It's, it's gone. It's shot, it's shot. That, that confidence is shot. Well, how you play quarterback position.


Listen, listen. So many things, so many things going on off the field. So many things going on, on, on, on the field Or it can wear you, it can, it can weigh you down. Oh yeah. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna say that he doesn't have a heavy burden Yeah. Of ish. That's on his mind. Yes sir. And a lot of times. But here's the thing, Ocho is that what really great athletes can do is compartmentalize. Yes. And be able to separate I'm On the field. Yeah. The most important thing is this game. Yeah. I'll deal with wife, girlfriend, significant other. I'll deal with crises family. Right. Whatever the case may be, I'll deal with that at the appropriate time.


But what I must do right now is focus. Right. Lock it in. Yeah. But that's what you Have to do. All the greats, all the really greats can compartmentalize. It's hard to do as easy as you, as you sit there and say it. Everybody can't do that. Huh? You right. Sometimes, sometimes what's going on off the field, it creeps into your work. Sometimes you bring it to work. And I think that's the, that's, that's been the issue. I just, I just, I just wish it's gonna be studied because it's gonna be a 30 for 30 on what?


Somebody's gonna do a documentary on this, on Deshaun. Oh, Okay. Okay, okay. Because we've never, we've never, we've never seen, we've never seen an athlete so high that high and have some precipitous drop. Right. We've never Right. We've never, especially now look, he's had the, okay, he tore what the achilles, I think he tore his Achilles. Right. But this drop started before injury. Yeah. So we can't contribute it to an injury. It's, I just hate it. Yeah. Well they look good now.


So let's see what Jamie does. So It's be very interesting to see if they can keep it going. But Ocho the, the, the formula is the run more than you pass. You've got Hi, you've got King Henry. Oh yeah. Ocho, look at the games, how they've been winning. They've been blowing teams out. Yeah. The man has been running. Wow. And you give him 1111. I what? Oh, They had 20 ones as a team. When normally the Ravens are 30, 35, 40. What did they have? Go back and look at the Ravens. What did they have against Tampa? What did they have many to carry?


They have against Dallas. I get it. If you f when you fall behind, I think they fell behind two scores. Cincinnati. But they fell behind because you know, they, they, they throwing the ball Dilly dally around. Right. And who, who the Ravens got next. They had 30 curves against Tampa. How many have against Dallas? They had, they had to have 35 40 against Dallas because they ran the ball for damn near 275 yards.


But that recipe look, I understand. Look, Lamar's an MVP. Yeah. We know he could throw the ball. But I think if, what are you trying to do? You trying to prove a point that Lamar can throw the ball or you trying to win a championship because they are not mutually exclusive. Ocho Yeah. They're not Against Dallas. They had 45 carries against the Cowboys. Well, you, you know why, you know why it was 45 carries. 'cause they can't get, they can't stop the goddamn run. Hell, they couldn't stop a goddamn nose bleed. Ocho you averaging six yards of carry on 21 carries what the run game also does.


If you know you have a weak air defense running the football helps you keep their ass off the field. Yeah. Yeah. The weakest part of the Ravens is what? Ocho their defense. Defense. What keeps them off the field? Ocho running the football. Running the football. It's not, look, I'm not pythagoreous, I'm not Einstein, but I know if I got a weak area, I'm gonna stay away from that. I'm gonna play to my strong suit. Right. Wait, hold on. Because if I throw the ball, if, if I get off the field too many times, I'm gonna put the defense back on the field. They're tired. First of all, they're not the greatest defense even when they're fresh. Yeah. What happens when a, a defense that's not very good gets fatigued Ocho Make mistakes, baby, you get beat.


No way should Cleveland run the ball more than the Ravens. If anything, it should be, it should be, it should be about the same. Well, if Nick Chubb coming off that serious injury had five more carries than Derrick Henry, I tell you a lot. The Volume


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite. Moneyball the Blindside and Liars Poker On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules. I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against, the Rules on America s number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show, ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone, Jake Story here from John Boy. Media I. want to tell you about my podcast, wake and Jake? I've been a sports nut my whole life and there's nothing I love more than talking about it. If you're a sports fan, waken Jake is the place for you. Covering all the hot topics from the sports world, lot of baseball, a lot of postseason coverage, mock drafts, awards, guest interviews, all of it. New episodes every Monday and Wednesday. Come watch along on the waken Jake YouTube channel or listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy. Media I. want to quickly tell you about my podcast? It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes, come out every Tuesday and for 30 minutes I dive into three stories in Major, League, Baseball that I want to talk about or I. do a stat deep dive. Sometimes. I create my own stats. It gets weird. It's now your go to podcast for staying up to date and in the weeds with Major. League, Baseball. No topic is off limits or too small. Bad umpires, great pitcher, catcher, duos, new rules, old rules, Three, things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974. George Foreman Was champion of the world. Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story behind The Rumble in the Jungle is like a Hollywood movie, But that is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam Maba, all the Biggest Slack artists that on the planet Together in Africa. It was a big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.