
Hi, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Who do you know on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now? Everyone. Right? These game-changing weight loss meds are everywhere and Future Health makes it easy to get started. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


These days, it feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of home ownership has become outta reach. Well, rocket is trying to give more people a chance to own their homes. They're making home ownership simpler and more accessible to more people. Turning renters into owners Rocket believes that everyone deserves a shot at the American Dream. So are you ready? Own the dream. Visit rocket.com or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


You know you've gotta comeback in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global. Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nissen report, The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At Draftking Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bench you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to DraftKings Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets Instantly Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


This Episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Did you know colon cancer is considered one of the most preventable, yet least prevented cancers when caught in the early stages? Colon cancer has a survival rate of 90%. So screening in early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. That's why the American Cancer Society recommends that if you're at average risk, you begin screening for colon cancer at age 45. And a convenient way to do that is with Cologuard tests. The Cologuard test allows you to be in control of your colon, colon cancer screening through prescription based tests delivered to your door with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. No liquid prep, no days off, no invasive procedures. Plus Cologuard test is affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and a follow-up colonoscopy is needed after a positive Cologuard test. This is usually covered by insurance also to if you're 45 years or older and at average risk. You can ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with a Cologuard test. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at cologuard.com/podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use Cologuard tests if you have had Athenas have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopies. High risk patients. Cologuard tests in adults 45 to 49 if estimated. Based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positive and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


CBS ranks every Super Bowl champ since 2000. The 2024 Eagles are the best Super Bowl team since 2000. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Since, oh, since since 2000. Okay, here. They're since 2000. Yeah. Okay. There'll be 24. Eagles are one. The 2019 chiefs are two. The 16 Patriots are three mm. The 2013 Seahawks are four. The 2020 bucks are five. The oh six Colts. 6 0 4 Patriots. Oh eight Steelers. Oh nine Saints.


2010 Packers. Right. 17 Eagles. 14 Patriots. 2012 Ravens. I guarantee you. Yes sir. If they let us play by the rules that they played by now, one of those offense scored on that Ravens defense. Now, I guarantee you won. None of them get more than 20 points. I could've told you that. I'll give, lemme take that back. They won't get more than, they won't get more than 14 points. Listen, I could have told you that. That's how many, how many yards Saquon had. Wait, how many yards? SA had 57. He, he didn't get over a hundred. He had 37 against that defense. Hey, he had 30, he had 57. He'd had 37. Hey uncle. It was different back then, man. And that's no disrespect to the, to the place that they Yeah, they, they not let you play like that.


I don't think they understand. I don't think, I don't think they understand. What, what at, at great as great. No, they don't know that. And greatest Saquon is that Baltimore, that 2000 Ravens defense man. Come on man. They going, they going sideline and sideline right along with you. You not, you're not going downhill. You're not. Y'all want to, you're not running toss you. Right. You not running stretch. Ain't moving nobody off. You know. Take that, take that Eagles offensive line bro. They gave against y'all, against y'all D-line back then. That 2000 Raven D-line. You I run it 'cause he got Sam and Goose.


Man please. And Ray and Ray running free because of Stan and Goose Ray hunting. Yeah. Sammy, go. Yeah, yeah. You got, you got three 40, you got three 50 and Ray free. That would've been ugly. That that would've been ugly. Listen, just a thought. Look, I I I just to be able to talk I get it is exciting. It's exciting. Yeah. You had to, you, it's kinda like Barry, you had to see, you had to see Barry in person de appreciate it. To understand and appreciate it. Yeah. To see Jerry, I was in the league when Jerry said that he got the Triple Crown in 90. So I like those great players. You had to see him right.


To see Derrick Thomas, to see Bruce Smith, to see Reggie White, to see those, to see Prime. I'm talking about a prime, prime up close to see a, that's why, why you think I always speak so highly? Why you think I always speak so highly of Randy? Why I always speak so highly of to why I always speak so highly of, of eight folk out here from Dave County, Liberty City, Antonio being able see them dudes up close. And I've been watching the game of football for a very, very long time for a very, very long time. It's different when you look at stats and numbers. The finished product, when you ask the opportunity to see how the product was made, when you saw the product in the lab, when you saw the product up close on grass and understanding, looking at Randy Moss and then Devi is playing 10 yards off and Moss don't even close the cushion and he throw his hand up and still, come on man.


Man, what? And still rub by, what are we talking about? Unbelievable. Yeah. But those, those rules, look, you can't play like that anymore. 'cause you look, those guys go back and look at that 2000 and see how many quarterbacks they knocked out. I mean, I saw, I saw a clip the other day of some of Ray Lewis' hit or some of SU's hits. I saw that. Y'all got you got you. Go go. I'm talking about go back and watch 2000 and watch that defense. It was different, man. Remember in 16 games they gave up 165 points.


I don't think people understand. And they gave up. Th and they gave up 35 in one game. They gave up 16 total points in the postseason in four games. That's crazy. I don't think people understand how good they were. Listen, we top to bottom now. There was no week. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. We had cmac and Heavy Dwayne Stark. We had Ken Herring and we had Woody Rod Woodson at Ties. And our nickel was Cory Harrison. Our guy was Bailey and Trap. Corey.


Goddamn Cory Harris. Man, I want know co man. Hopefully he ain't man. I don't tell, I ain't gonna tell, I ain't gonna put the man business out there. But he was, he was a wild dude. Man. That was, that was, I'm leave it at that because you know me, Corey, Woody and Ray. Yeah, that was, that was, that was the group. So I'm just gonna say Corey was wild. The commanders potentially interested in trading for Cooper Cup. Jeremy file reports talking to people around the league. He will have a market because he's so quarterback friendly. Yes. Certainly Washington is looking for in complimentary number two receiver Washington is looking to make a, make a big, make big moves this off season Ojo, could they actually land Cooper Cup and Miles Garrett?


I both. Is that possible? Well I actually, you know, actually it is possible, especially with the category going up to what is going up after, after the news I saw today it's 22 to 25 million increase. Yeah, it's possible. And I like, I like the move. I like the move. But you know what, you know what that does? What? Terry McLaurin You add Cooper cut. I think Naomi, Naomi Brown is still there, obviously. Yep. It takes some of the pressure off Jayden Daniels got Zach Ertz. You got brother. Er it takes some of the pressure off Jayden Daniels You mean I get to have Cooper Cup who still is an elite route runner? He can play outside. He can play inside.


He can do just about anything. He run the rough treat. Intermediate short. Hell, he he's sneaky fast too with that. If you want. Yeah, if you wanna send him DI like to move. We talking about a triple crown runner. Man. I play, he was just a Triple Crown winner not too long ago. Ain't nothing wrong with him and just the nature of the business on how it works. Go ahead, get him over there. You made it to the championship. Well what you got? Imagine if you add that to the piece. Imagine you add that piece of the puzzle. Yeah. Man. Man, please. But look, and, and if I'm Washington, look, I'm going all in 'cause I'm doing everything I possibly can Ocho because of in a couple of years.


I gotta, I'm gonna have to see. I'm gonna have to see you. You gotta see him. Yeah. Yeah. He gonna show up at the though Ocho hey, hey. You know ain't gonna show up at the window. You remember you watch Martin, you watch Martin. Yeah. Remember the Christmas episode when they got stuck in the bus terminal and Mark went to the window, asked for some, asking for some cords to make a call. Yeah. That's how Jay James gonna be at that window. Yeah. He go back no call though. Hey. And, and Josh Harris. Look, they've made it abundantly clear. They're trying to win. Oh yeah. You see the way with the, the, with the way they move how they do things, they're trying to win.


Magic Johnson look magic with the leg. Look at that. They done, they done spend, I they, I don't know. They print money in LA If the Dodgers, they got Mookie Hell and just, and just, and two salaries. They got a billion dollars. Yeah. Show Hey Brady, Freeman. Mookie Mookie. And they got pictures now. Hey, I got, I got a question. Yeah. I listen, I don't, I don't wanna sign ignorant. I I, I honestly, I don't where all that money coming from man. Where all that money coming from. Because when I wa when I watch games, the games don't never, the stand don't never be full. And I talk about the Dodge Oh they do with the Dodgers. I talk about the Dodge, the Dodgers.


The Dodgers every year have the most fans they have. Yeah. Every year. Yeah. I'm just saying, boy, look here, you ain't never been to Chavez Ravine boy, you talking about a Yeah, a I wasn't specifically talking about the Dodge. I'm just saying in general. Oh, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Baseball. I, I don't know. I look well mean they got two, they got two $700 million players and they got what you call em making 40 plus million. He got making 40 a year. Aaron Judge, he got nine years. 360. Oh, they, they, they, they got, they got, I don't know. I don't know what they tell me.


So we both know, Hey, because they got a money tree. I'm gonna go chop it down. I, man, I'm telling you man, listen, I I was a, I was a highly sought out prospect coming outta high school, man. I was a five tulo. And every time I look at them deals sometime I always say, you know what, I should have stuck with baseball. I don't know if your tool, I don't know if your tool was a, a lawnmower, a backhoe. Nah, a rake, a pick a shovel. I don't know what your tools were, but they damn sure wasn't, wouldn't, wouldn't apply to baseball. I know that talking about and baseball Miami B, senior high. Man look me up. Google me. You can Google me. You can Google. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Pitcher. I was a slu played first, second, third, and outfield.


I did everything. Yeah, you did. I tell you, I'll tell you. No lie, you know the mall was trying to draft me outta high school right before they won the World Series in 1997. They did. Huh? I did. They were trying, but my grandma said no. Hey, my grandma ain't play that. Well, you need to focus on school. She was tripping. That didn't work. Oh, Joe, Joe Mixon won his appeal over the $25,000 fight he received following Houston's playoffs lost to the chiefs in the divisional round of the playoffs Appeals officer Chris Palmer. Hey, is that a Chris Palmer used to be off as coordinator for the, Jax explained in his letter to mixing that after going through and hearing the process, he found that mixing did not necessarily publicly criticize the officials during the appeals hearing.


You stated what you meant by your statement referring to the officials. Right. As you know, statements can be interpreted differently by every individual. And it seems like you clearly understand the weight and the detriment of public criticism towards officials can be given how impactful your platform is as a player, which I appreciate. Right. I like it. That's dope. That's dope. Now listen, this doesn't happen often now. Nah, this doesn't happen often when they take your money, they rarely give it back. They rarely give it back. So this is a big win. This is a big win for brother Nixon. You know what, I'm glad, I'm glad that the league office and the powers that beat did right by him and understanding, you know, he wasn't chastising and it wasn't about the refs or the officials and their officiating.


So that's a good thing. Ocho the Lamar Jackson is in his bones era. He shows off his new hairstyles Emo Lamar. Hey, hey. That's raw. I like that. I like, I like, I like, I like that. I like that. I like that. That's dope. You ever, you ever had your hair straightened like that Ocho Nah, you don't. Nope. No, because you know, I had, I had dreads. I had dreads, so I they, and they was locked up so I could never take it out and, and have my hair perm, my hair have my hair straight like that. Ocho your hair won't grow. Who? Your hair better just like mine. Nah, low your whole life.


Now you bald. Hold on. I can grow a hair. I can grow a hair full of hair. I've showed. No you can't. I've showed that count. I've showed that countless times. I'm I ocho ocho I have a full, everybody 15 years ago had hair. I'm I, I'm talking about just, okay, let's, do you want me to grow my hair? No, that, that, that's your head. I'm you, I'm the only reason I cut my hair consistently and I've been doing it for so long is I don't like the maintenance that comes with having hair. I don't wanna put grease on my scalp. I don't wanna, I don't want, I don't wanna train my hair to lay down. I don't want waves. I'm, I don't, I it's like a whole tedious process and I got sick of it.


When I'm ready to go, I wanna get out the shower and I wanna dry my head and walk out the house. I don't sound like a man that, that's like a man that said I want be broke, man. You think I won't have money in my pocket and if my bank account, it's just too hard to keep up with. Right. I understand what you're saying. But listen, that, that's, that's apples and orange, them two different scenarios. No ocho you can't grow hair and if you grow it is minimal. Huh? I got a full set of hair right now. Look at my headline. You see me headline coming in? Yeah. You see my hairline coming in And listen. No, no, you gotta go a little further back. You started a 50 yard line. Whoa. Whoa. Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. My, my hairline start at 50.


Listen, listen my hair, matter of fact, I'm gonna get a shape up just for you. What shape? What up I'ma I'm gonna let my hair grow and I'm gonna get a a, a shape up so I can show you, I can grow a full set of hair. Okay. And I like, and I I got good hair. I got good hair. Where is that? Huh? Where is that? It it's, I I just showed you ocho you pointed back here bro. Mean you, you pointed back there. My hairline is right there. It's right there. You looking right at it. It's right there. Ocho ocho from your hairline ocho from your hairline to your forehead.


That's at least a $20 Uber. Ride that at Lee 20. You like listen, my head too small, so I know that's not true, but I'm just saying my hairline is intact. I do. I don't, I don't. You see how shiny that is? O your hair won't grow there. What do you mean? I shine? That's the light. That's the light that's the light shining on my forehead. That's from my skincare routine. That's why, that's why I look like this. That's why I look like this. That's why the ladies love me. It's this the chocolate. Yeah. You, you, you chocolate now you No.


Hey, no debate for me. Yeah, they, they like that. I swallow. I solemnly swear. They do. You swear to tell the whole truth and nothing but the truth. Sir. Sir. So if you, God Yes, I do one. Yeah. One, one thing about it. One thing. Yeah. When, when it come to chocolate, one thing about women, they ain't got no problem with getting Cavs. You hear me? Oh Lord have mercy. Huh? Talk to me now, Lord have mercy. Josh. Yeah. Jesus. What, what's wrong? Go ahead, man. Here what I'm just telling you. I'm just telling you, if you Yes, I'm, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not telling you what I I ain't telling you what I heard. I'm telling you what I I look Black bar. All, all I know is this. If you'd have been my age in the 80, you'd got no place because Black wasn't in, they like skinned.


They like Elder Barge, Chico de Barge. They like them, them, them type of dudes. No, no, no. It don't matter what they like there's something I had that nobody else didn't. And I still got it. Huh? It's called what? It wasn't until, it wasn't until Michael Jordan. Michael Jordan came in. Wesley Snipes came in. That's what put us on the map. I've been on top of the charts since they came in. So about mid 80. Like 80 80. Mike came in 84. So like 86 my senior year. Right. Been top of the charts, man. They, that, that ain't it. That ain't it. Uncle Tony. 20 years I've been on top of the charts. I feel you. Hey, I had a special gift. I had a special Al Be sure they be your Al be sure. Yeah. Al B Sure. Yeah. That's, that's a good one.


Yeah. See Chico de Chico de barge, elder Barge. Hey, hey, them boys. Them boys were nice now. But listen. Yeah, if I was, if I was there during they time when the light-skinned dudes was in, there was something I had that they didn't, I don't care about you making them music. I don't care about you singing to the women. You hear me? Because I had the gift a g but it was all about Word play, huh? Nah huh? They wouldn't let you talk to em. Oh. Oh, they, oh they, oh they, oh, they gonna talk to this. They, they gonna tell. Oh. Telling the brother skinned brother, we ain't get no play on. Hey, they, they gonna talk to Sugar. You hear me? I'm telling you. Hey, you got style. Hey, hey, I'm gonna, I'm gonna make you laugh. I'm gonna laugh right out your drawers.


Hey, hey, hey. You ain't get no play. Ont went outta style just like polyester. You, you can make a comeback, but hey, but now that I think about it, the, the Chico and, and El De Bar. I'm talking about I'm, you got me thinking about the music. The music they made man music. Oh, they sing back then. I'm talking about that's some good music. Oh, big thing. Oh yeah. Think music. The music from the eighties. It was different. Eighties and early. Yeah. Oh my. Yeah. Ah, oh. They, but see, but see, I don't remember hearing nothing about no garden tools. It wasn't no, no three oh fours. Right, right. They ain't s saying about that. No, they sung about women. They sung about ladies, they talk about love now.


Now they talking about jumping up and down and you foolishness. You know? Man, I just like, she Oh man. That's crazy. They just don't make, they just don't make it like they don't, they don't, they don't make music like they used to. Ocho and everybody I talked to Ocho, they said, you know, r and b ain't dead. But bro, they don't sing like they used to sing. Nah, they don't, don't hold on. They don't beg. They no, they ain't big. They don't beg. Because see the women used to make you beg to get up, up part of it. Hey, what song Now they begging you to get up now they begging you What song? What song? But they ain't begging me.


Huh? What song was it? I give you my credit card. My key, my keys to my house. I, I, I can't think of I gave you my son The Rain. Yeah. You know. Who was that? Say I'll pay your rent. I'll buy your clo. Yeah, I know what you're talking about. Yeah. That was back in the, that was back in the day. Now see if Id sung that song. If I played that song for somebody. They know you lying. This channel you broke. We see where you live at. You, you chat. What song is that? Chat. I gave you something. Oh. O Keith Sweat was the number one Bega Dog. What song is that? Bwa Baby about? Be baby Face after seven, take six.


All of them deal with the days. Don't your then with the days talking about he had the, the talking about the whip playing. Look here. I just, I just missed those days. Oh, WW This one time I just missed one year. I just wanna go one year. We don't, nobody. Hold on. What y'all know about Take six, that's a gospel route. Take six after Step. Well, they don't call no woman no three oh four. No, don't call no Garden tool Uhuh. No, no Freak, no jump.


Just what? Just one year. I just wanna go one year. But one year. All the music. That's what I want. Man. They gonna, if they do that, I, they gonna get me back into it. Man. And hold on. Pbo Bryson, man, smokey Robinson. But, but ain't nobody begging like Freddy Jackson. Oh, Fred Freddy begging man, Fred. Man, y'all know Fred big up man with Lenny Williams. I gotta take my glasses off Big Lenny Soul with Lenny Williams because I love you.


Same 'cause I love you. I don't know what that brother was going through in that studio, but I'm hurt. But him, every time I hear that song,


we all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees. And Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp North America or Stride Bank. North America members FDIC spot me Eligibility requirements in overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


Hi, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Who do you know on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now? Everyone Right. These game-changing weight loss meds are everywhere and Future Health makes it easy to get started. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, Famous has you covered. Head to Famous Smoke dot com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop. From Heavy hitters like unido Monte Crito Kaba to petite and Flavors options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit Famous Smoke dot com use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's Famous Smoke dot com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


These days, it feels like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own, your home rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their starter homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. Their American dream isn't dying, is just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it. And Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can own the dream. Visit rocket.com today or call eight Rocket. That's eight.


If you grew up like in the, in the late seventies, early eighties, big Lenny. Oh, he say out you talking, he talking about he cried. He said he cried. And see back then, Ocho people don't out. Like I said, you have to be my age. Is that the TV actually went off at midnight? Yeah. The TV just go fuzzy. Mm. There was no programming after midnight. So he said I listened until the the the TV went off. Oh. And he listened to his records. Didn't want hear him anymore. I went to, but but you couldn't realize they had, they had Teddy Pendergrass. Oh, they had God, yeah, they had Marvin Gaye and they had Freddie Jackson and they had Barry White bro.


They had Luther Man, they man all the groups, all the groups could sing. Man, I'm done with it. That ain't gonna happen no more. Travis Hunter is not expected to attend the 2025 NFL combine as both a wide receiver and a db. Yeah. Is the league split between him being a wide receiver in a corner? Ocho No, no. They, they're not split, but they are understanding. Listen, he's made it abundantly clear that he's gonna do what he did at Colorado wherever he goes. And I think the fact that they're allowing him to do both, that's a good thing because he gets to show his off his, he gets to show off his skillset and what he can do at both positions.


I like it. I I like it for him. I I really do. I I'm excited to see how it looks. I think it's easy to build a package around a wide receiver Right. A corner. Right, right, right. So you play corner, you play your customer snaps. And then we come in a situation and we'll give you a package. We'll give you, you know, let's just say what you, what you think, oh, Joe, 10 15 plays on offense. Yeah. Something like that. You run by what, 65 7 play at the game. 15, 15, 10 or 15 Especially for you on offense and then the rest on defense. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. I like it. Because because you, you, you a you, you, you fi walk with a fine line to try to give him, you know, 65 plays on defense and then another 30, 40 plays on offense.


Yeah. Boy, you walk in a tight rope. Ocho Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, you know the men, the men in them NFL players a little harder. Ocho Yeah. They put 'em, they strained them hams and quads a little bit more. Especially when you get them, when you get, you get them gangsters in front of you at receivable. Hmm. Ball game. You, hey listen, you, you exert a different type of energy. Chase, Jetta, reek, AJ Brown, aj cd, Devonte Almond Raw. What a it's, it's gonna be some good work every week. What? What's flowers?


It's gonna be some good work. Every Dickens. Yeah, man. Collins. Yep. It's different. You gonna have your hands full. But it's, it's possible. It's possible. I like it. Show hey o he can hit. Oh that's me. He can pitch. That's me Ocho. But there's something that he isn't good at. Parallel parking. Take a look at this video. Oh, we can't park. Oh, he coming at an angle too hard, huh? Nah bro, bro. What you doing hard? The wheel Show.


Hey, I wouldn't even worry about it. Yeah. Y'all get me a driver. Yeah. Hey listen, when you got, listen, when you got that kind of money, you ain't gotta drive and you ain't got parallel Paul. And, and parallel parking obviously, depending on who you are, it's not that easy. But I know what he can do. He might have had his music up too loud. You know, you know black folk know black folk. Well, listen, with the sound up parallel, Paul, once we turn, turn the music down, we turn the music down. Oh. We, you gotta look. Yeah. You gotta know how to hook that. Hey, we turn the music down for everything. Hell, if I'm looking for something, I turn it, I turn the sound down like that's going help. Like that's going like it's gonna help. Right. Hey, hey black folk funny with that way black.


We gonna turn the sound down for everything. You looking for something? Yeah. Turn the sound down. You trying to park earn the sound down. Sound down. Yeah. That, that's funny. Ah, what we got here today. Oh, that was funny. Oh yo. A woman tweeted, men get cheated on all the time in state. Yeah. They just smart enough not to be telling anybody. Mm. I keep telling y'all this. Are women more loud about being cheated on by men Ocho? Yeah. Most, most definitely. All the time. All the time. It, it, it, it happens all the time. And, and most of the time most men do stay and sometimes some of the men that do stay, it is simply because sometimes shelter, I don't have anywhere else to go.


Sometimes, you know, listen, she is, she, I'm not saying she's the breadwinner, but you're in a position where you're moving with her, you're staying with her. It's her place. So hell, if she does step out, he ain't got nowhere to go. Sometimes. But here's the, sometimes you try to work things out and then you got some dudes that non-negotiable and he out. Yeah. Now. But see if you do the, if you date privately, you can do this because see, everybody ain't gonna be in your, if you public, everybody in your business. Yeah. Because they going to know. So you see the Knight have a thousand eyes. Oh, most night they have 1,002. 'cause somebody sees you. Okay. I like that.


I like that. So with that being said, you are right. Some men, that's a non-negotiable because hey, that's alright. That's my package. I'm the only one that opens that. Right. And the thing is about now, it used to be this way, it's not this way in the middle. Right. Women have adopted a mindset like a man. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They figure anything, huh? Yeah. Oh, they have, they have big time. Big time. They figure anything that a man could do. Oh, he doing it. Oh, I could do it too. Oh, for ta. Oh, that's where you, okay. Back and then, you know, Ocho hair's a thing. This what gets you, you know what she does for you. You know what she does for you. And I don't throw up, don't throw up.


Huh? Don't throw up. Remember remember at one time, what did I just tell you on, on the previous show about being number one and being number two. You've been in Yeah. But you listen, hold off on some of that old choke. You've been in number, you've been in that number two position. Yeah. I've been, I've been, yeah. I've been, I I been in the, the pole position. Alright. When you, you, you already know what time it's, Hey, I've been to Pace car and I've also been to Chase car. Woo. And just say we me. That's a good one. I've been, I like that. I pacing. I like that. Yeah. Hey. Yeah. And I've also tried to pull the slingshot move and do he block it? Yeah. Hey, hit that turn bump draft.


Hey, I bump draft it. Yes sir. Boom, move him on out the way. Yeah. I pull up in the, remember Grace Jones had a song said pull up to my bumper, baby. Hey. Huh? It's a dirty game and a long black limousine. Yeah. It's a dirty game. Yeah. It, it's, it's like, so now Ocho because women have adopted the, the mentality because it like, there, I shouldn't say all, but there was a situation you didn't find like these women now. Yeah. Oh, they don't play. They don't, they don't play. They do not, they do not play. And then tell you Yeah, I did. Huh? And well, yeah, I, I see, I see clips like that all the time. Oh, you, you, you, you s slept with such and such and did, oh hey, hey, it's, hey, hey.


That thing. Hey. Like, hey man, look here. That's why, that's why Ocho man, look, when you young, you don't really know any better. Right. But as you start to get older, yeah. All you gotta play. Hey, you got a man. Yeah, I'm good. Don't worry. You let me worry about him. No, no, no. It's different. Your man might be doing something else, but if Shannon sharp, he find out Shannon Sharp. Oh no, no it ain't, that's okay. But it's not that serious. Right. It, I'm sure I can find someone, but my, my grandfather used to say, boy, everybody has somebody. It's just to what extent man or woman.


Everybody has somebody, what is the extent? Yeah. Is that their wife, that's their husband, that's their significant other, that's their girl. Whatever the case may be. Yeah. To define somebody. I'm talking about just Scott ass street. Yeah. No, no. Su no. It's hard thing. No, no such thing. It's hard. No such thing. And, and, and, and So, you know, women play a dangerous game, huh? But that, that's, yeah, that's, but that's stepping out. You never know. You know how dudes feel about they women? Yeah. Well to kill you about they women man. Yeah. Girlfriends, wives. Or even somebody that I just, I'm investing my time in.


And then people get they about, oh man, well go, why you won't go to No, bro. I done got two strikes. I got two strikes, Ocho. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You and baseball. Hey, I'm still at the plate, but I ain't gonna get no another strike. You never catch me slipping again. Yeah, bro. Man, people don't play about that. So why would, why would I even put myself back in that situation again? Yeah. And be, how about, I mean that's when you most vulnerable ocho you sleep. I stop me from, that's what stopped me from sleeping naked. Right. Because I don't want nobody to get to drop. Man, I can't tuss with nobody naked. Ocho come, let me put some clothes off, please. Lemme put some clothes.


Ocho. I can't walk with nobody neck. Hey bro, let me pull my shorts on. Right, right, right, right, right. But you already know Ocho, somebody come up in on, I'm gonna shooter brother's side. Ain't nobody trying to bump. Right. So just keep yourself outta that situation, bro. It ain't worth it. Yeah. She got somebody, she tell you, she got somebody. Hey, what that, what do you gotta do with me? That's between you and him. Yeah. Yeah. But when he find out that's between both of y'all. Hey, listen, one, one thing about it, if when you, you do find out, I wish, I wish fellas understand, you know, we, we, we continue to be in relationships or, or, or, or, or unions with the individual that we think they're one way.


You know, especially publicly. And you, you, you hope they respect you, you know, privately. And when you find out that you see signs, all you have to do is pay attention to the signs. Huh? Hear me. It's really easy when you've been to other guys for long enough, you understand what it looks like. So you pay attention to the signs and when things don't look right and your antennas up, you already, you already know what time it is. Yeah. You know what time it's, and she, all of a sudden she didn't like to work out and all of a sudden she working out, man, you working out for somebody else to feel naked. Hey, hey, it's, it's easy. Do what you wanna do with it. Now y'all could. Oh man, I'm telling you. Hey, hey, what, what I, what I tell you all the time, I don't manage your expectations.


Yeah. Once you're able to manage 'em, it's easy to see whoever it is for who they are in general. Okay. That's what you want. Okay. Bet you going back, going about your business. Yeah. So the game is the game. Yeah. As the old It is. It is what it is. I mean, but hey, I don't know people, I know people that have hurt people about a woman. Whoa. And I know people that's been hurt about a woman. I done heard many stories. I, I I ain't heard. I ain't Wait. I heard, I done heard many of stories. Boy, I ain't crash. What, what they call it?


They, these days like crashing out. Oh yeah. Crashing out. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. Ain't am not, I am not crashing out by Nathaniel. Oh no. Nah, nah, nah. D no, no, not no, nah, nah, nah. I can't do that. Zero. It's too like, lemme say you like the kids f say, oh, ball up top. Who's next? The fuck. Oh. Oh my God, dog. It. I've been doing good in a row. I'm sorry. Hey, I, Hey, what Don tell me, I mean people I think people understand is that like, for me it's just like, it's just not worth it. I stand way more to lose than gain.


Say it again. Say it again. Say it again real quick. For the people. I stand way more to lose than gain. There we go. Long. As long as we're on the same page. Yeah, for sure. I'm like, oh no, I'm good. He do. Hey, hey, they quick to holler. Oh, he doing his thing. Okay. That ain't got nothing to do with me. Let him do his thing and you find somebody else to do your thing with. But it ain't gonna be me. It ain't, Hey, I ain't, Hey, I done got too old. I done got too old to fight. I ain't trying. Hey, at 57, I ain't got no business fighting. I'm about to be a grandpa for the second time there. There you go. Congrats, congrats, congrats. Yeah, man. Hey, I'm gonna see my, I'm gonna see some, I'm gonna see my grandkids.


I hope I have about five or six of 'em. Hey, hey, I got two daughters. Hopefully they get to get married soon and start a family, but hey, nah man, I can't do that. I can't even, yeah, it ain't even, it ain't even worth it. What we got, what we got? Alright, don't, yo, now it's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and a Q and a Am I enjoyed that Dennis Bar, a Barry, Barry bar, 2000 Ravens versus 2000 bucks in the Super Bowl. Who win? And what's the score?


What? 3 3, 3, 3. Six. Three, three. Let's see, we, we talk about this all the time, especially Meap and Brooks. They swear their team was better than ours. I mean that, that defense bro. How many points did y'all give up? How many I think our defense gave up. I think we gave up. We gave up. They gave up. They, I said we, they gave up 165, but I think they gave up average giving up like 260 yards a game. Mm. Let that sink in now. Yeah. Quarterbacks thrown for two 60 a game, running the football, throwing the football jail, breaks, screen, bubble screens, smoke screens, reverses.


That's what they gave up. Hey, I done told you Sam, I done told you Brooks, that 2000 Ravens defense, when you talk about defenses, you got to look the 85 Bears, 2000 Ravens and pick any defense on the Steelers in the seventies. That's it. Look, nothing away from the Seattle defense. The Legion boom in 20, what was that, 2012? Is that what it No, 2013 to beat the Broncos in 2013. Taking nothing away from the Bucks. But yeah, 2000 Ravens defense.


We put people like they put, they, I keep saying we, I was on, well I was on the Ravens. So I would say we, we, we put people out the game. So I'm gonna say the Ravens, I'm would say the Ravens way. I say we win ten seven. I'm good for, I'm good for a tub. I'm good for a tub. It is New Jersey. Said name the Giants Wheat. One starter for my depressed New York Giants friends, also fans in or outta the playoffs next year. I will say week one, I'm gonna say Aaron Rogers or Aaron or, or, or the guy that was, was at Minnesota last year.


Sam Darnell. Who we one started for you, Ocho, the Giants. Oh, you know what I think, I think 12 goes from Jersey on down to New York. What you think? But he ocho no. Yeah, I mean, I I that that's a good, I mean look and whoever they back sits behind him for a year. We know the Giants need a quarterback. We know Cleveland needs a quarterback. We know the Raiders need a quarterback. The Titans potentially need a quarterback. Right. The Browns need a quarterback. There are five teams right there at the top of our head that need a quarterback.


But what Aaron has to understand, coach O my grandfather, the grandfather say boy, production intolerance with production up here. So is tolerance. You notice when he's winning mvp, ain't nobody having no problem with Pat McAfee. You notice the difference production here. Tolerance is here. Tolerance will never get bigger than production. Let that think in. When you on your job, as long as you produce it at a high level, they'll let you show up late, so forth and so on. But when your production slip, so does the tolerance for said behavior.


He's finding that out. Yeah. Y'all think, y'all think Aaron Rogers just got, lemme ask you a question, Chad. Do y'all think Rogers just got like this when he got to, to the Jets? Or y'all thought this, y'all think this was his behavior even when he was in Green Bay? They can be, they can be evil. OCHO production and tolerance. We riding arounds if tall, if if production is here and talk, they gonna flip it. Yeah.


Fans, playoffs next. Cho, your dolphins, your playoffs. Yeah. What you mean playoffs? Yes. Yes. What you mean? Ocho You know how many, do you know how many times you couldn't say play or offs? You couldn't say foot or ball. You know how many times you couldn't say it? Two. I, my team, first of all, my team made the playoffs. Both of my teams made the playoffs. You was still, neither one of your teams made the play off. Your team was gone one week. One week we went to Cancun. We went to Cancun on the Monday. So six days later you was there. So we see what you're saying.


Yeah. You right. Hey dog. The first time, the second time. No, we got what you call it. We did. We did. We lasted two weeks. The Ravens won a game. Beat the Steelers. Okay, I'll let you hear. I let De Chad said Uncle Ocho great content as usual. Listen, can you guess please give me a shout out to my brother, brother Arms, Kyle Muggleton and congratulate him on retirement from the Navy after 20 plus years of service, we absolutely can. Kyle, congratulations. Thank you for your 20 plus years of service.


Appreciate that Kyle. Boy, we greatly, greatly appreciate that takes a special type of person to go fight abroad for the protections here. And sometimes you have to go in countries that you don't, people don't speak your language, don't particularly care about you. But Kyle, team Nightcap, wanna thank you for your 20 plus years of service. Yes sir. Sir, and all the young men and women around this world and wherever you are fighting for this country, we greatly appreciate your service. But Kyle, special shout out to you, 20 plus years in the Navy and grass, bro, the real McCoy where you're blessed raise your standard of giving. We rise in proportion to how much we lift others.


That's just you, as you stated with people with money. Mm, it is, it is, it is. It is. You know the real McCoy, you're absolutely right. I'm a, I've al but I've always been like this Ocho I would always, You know, you know, if I had, I would like grandma brother, my sister, like I said, my sister, my sister hadn't had a job. My sister about to be 65. My sister ain't worked in 40 years. That's just, that's just, that's just who I am.


But I gotta be a little bit more judicial with my giving. It's okay to say no Ocho Yeah, because I don't, I'm not necessarily sure that everybody, that what I do, I don't know necessarily. They appreciate it. I think they, they feel like it's, it's, that's what I'm supposed to do. Right. Man, you got money. You got all that money. Yeah, but I'm working. I mean, I mean, you know, people got great ideas, man. I mean, if I, if I had it, bro, you ain't never had no money.


What you mean if you had it right? You do realize I've been knowing you my whole life. But I will, I, I look, I just gotta be, I just gotta be, be smarter in my selection. Who I give my money, give it to. Right. That's it. I'm still, I, I, you know, in some charities, you know, worthy causes, da, Dr. Frankie Bellamy. F have your family values and experience shaped your passion for giving back and supporting. Yeah. I think dog for me, I, I would al I would remember like not having, and I would wonder, I would always like, man, and you see stories or kinda like we see now.


Yeah. Somebody helping out. Somebody buy your car, somebody buying groceries. I was like, man, I wish somebody would see us see a situation and, and and, and give my grandma a hundred dollars or give like buy my grandma something. I always, I always like damn, nothing good ever. Not knowing Ocho. Right. What God had in had in store for my brother and I. What's up that one day we were gonna have an, a abundance more than we could have ever imagined It did. I've always, I've always been generous. Ocho I, I've always it like if I had $5, no, I had two 50 'cause my brother had two 50.


I've always been like that. Yeah. Always. Always. And I maybe, maybe that's why I'm, maybe that's why I'm so blessed. Yeah. Hey, we, we in the same boat. We in the same boat. I don't, I don't mind, I don't mind, I don't mind helping people. But like I said, Ocho I just like, like I said, sometimes I don't, I don't think people appreciate it. And that's what I just hate. Ungratefulness.


Hi, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Who do you know on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now? Everyone. Right. These game changing weight loss meds are everywhere and Future Health makes it easy to get started. Find out of weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future health.


These days it feels like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own, your home Rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their start of homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. The American dream isn't dying. It's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it. And Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can own the dream. Visit rocket.com today or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, Famous has you covered. Head to Famous Smoke dot com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from Heavy hitters like Mackin, Udo Monte Cristo Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit Famous Smoke dot com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's Famous Smoke dot com code Nightcap underage sale. Prohibited website restricted to age 21 Plus tobacco consumers


When it comes to playtime, never let your squad down. Unlock Elite Gaming tech at Lenovo dot com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th gin and to core processors, upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel Wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search and head to Lenovo dot com. Lenovo, Lenovo,


You know what? And they don't when they always ask all, all the time, huh? I think that's where it comes from, where people, they expect it and they start not to appreciate what you do because you do it so often and for so long. Yep. You do it so often and for so long to where they, they don't even value it anymore until it, until it, it, it has removed itself and then you can see on the outside looking in on what you were getting. Yeah. I Oh, but I, I've never forgotten people that helped me. Yeah. Same like my high school coach man, my high school coach, coach every day he would break, take me home from school because I had track practice and even when I wasn't, you know, he would take me home from basketball.


Right? Basketball practice. And I remember like, I was always the last one that he would drop off always. Man, coach, man, we don't wanna ride out there, man. You gotta pump sunshine out there with Sharp State Co. Come on, drop us off, coach her. So coach would, coach would drop everybody off and then would take me home. Right. Every day after practice, get what you want. I get a honey bun, I get a bag of chips, I get a Gatorade coach. Y did that every day for like three years. I never forgot it. Right. Plus he was a diabetic. And me and a dude named Ro Rochester Punch used to eat his graham crackers and he had bananas.


He is like, sucker, y'all know I got diabetes. I need that coach man. Them Honey Mae Graham crackers. They were good. Huh? So I got me a little money. I said, coach all there used to be, there used to be a Ford dealership in my hometown called Glenville. I said, coach all go get what you want. Mm. He So you, for real, go, go get what you want. Man. That joke. Went and got a what do you get? A Crown Vic. So you got a Crown Vic Ocho. Yeah. Man, I, you ain't got coach all Get the car, get the car.


That's live. Oh man. Coach Hall Ocho. That's the thing. And the thing is, like my brother only played, my brother played his, because Coach Hall only coached my brother one year. Now I coached him every year in track. Right. But he only coached him one year in football. That was his senior year. He coached me, all my, all, he coached me in track all four years. Coached him in football all four years. No, he coached me three years. And so, but he drove the bus for my mom. So my mom graduated in 60. He was driving a bus and coaching back then. Coach to all my uncles, all my aunts that had drivers ed and went through him.


And I was the last one that graduated in 86. So that's a 20 years time span. But here, the kicker Ocho Coach Hall lived in Savannah, which is 63 miles from Glenville. God dang. He drove every day. He drove from, he, he would, coach Hall would drive to Glenville, teach school, drive us to track, meet in Savannah. Right. Drive back, drop everybody off and drive back home. So, And now Ocho Coach Hall was extremely happy when I made the hall.


'cause he kept calling. But my brother is like a son to him. He, he loved, don't get me wrong, don't think he don't love me because he went to a lot more of my games. But playing in Baltimore, we're in the same division as Jacksonville. He's coming. Hey, you got, I said, coach, y'all, I got you. That joke will be out there waiting to, we get off the bus Ocho he on, he out there waiting. I put the tickets in his hand. Right. So he come to Jacksonville, he drive to Nashville, Tennessee to see us play the Titans. He'd drive all the way to DC to see us play the Washington Wayne fly. Driving, driving. So Hall of Fame, he come the Ring of Fame, he come, I mean him, him and my, my my Spanish teacher.


Ms. Kills. Yes. Myrna husband. Her husband was my junior high principal. She was my remedial reading and Spanish teacher. Right. So they, they coming Ocho, my sister called that man and told him, people keep asking me, talking about why you call your brother Spank. That's his name. I, I don't think I've ever called him Sterling. Everybody, every, everybody in the family called him Spanky. Nobody called him by his, his government name. But my sister told that man that my brother made the Hall of Fame. Yeah. Because he had told the doctor, the doctor, the doctor. He told the doctor. He said, doc, I got one more.


I got one more thing. I got one more. I gotta get in the Hall of Fame. Then I'm good after that. Man, that joker, my sister sent me a picture. See if I got this picture of joke. That joke got his hat on because he, they already said the, the Hall of Fame hats out. Yeah. Lemme see. Yeah, that's him. Look at it. I see it. I see it. Man, that joke is so happy. I'm, I'm, I'm ready Coach on my sister say Coach Hall, it's in August.


It's February. But you talking about you ready? What you, where you going? But Doc, yes. Yes. That's, that's my family values. How I grew up. My grandmother used to give us offer. I mean, my grandmother went hungry. She'd take her last to make sure Libby tell, boy this all I got $5 wrapped up in a newspaper, $10 wrapped up in a newspaper. Man, I never forgot that. I never forgot that. And it definitely shaped who I am. Kira Norwood Jr. Unc, my question is, what is the one conversation that you've had with someone and it stuck with you for the rest of your life because you posted a video and I I look at it when I need motivation.


Oh man. Conversation. I think for me, Ocho you know, growing up like on a farm and you don't like, like when you a kid Ocho and people say stuff. Yeah. You don't really understand the meaning of things back then. No. Not until later on in life because I, my brother, he said, boy, don't make me chew this food twice. I'm like, if you swallow, you gonna need to chew it more than twice. But he's saying don't make him repeat himself. Right. When he said never mistake habit for hard work, like he was saying, just because you do something over and over don't mean you working hard. Right. So it's all, it was, it was a, a a combination of things and values and hearing them talk.


And as I got older, I can just, like I said, my grandfather died. I was eight Ocho and my brother was like I said, span, you remember we was such and such who we was riding here. And Papa said, he said, Shannon, how you sha He called me Shane most of the time. He's like, SHA how you remember that? I remember everything That man said everything. I lived my grandma, I lived, my grandmother lived till I was 43. I can tell you every time my grandmother was upset with me. Even every, every time from the time I was, from the time I can remember, I'm three or four years old until I was eight, till I left the house.


I can tell you everything my grandmother said, everything, my grandfather, everything. Because that's all I wanna do is make my grandparents happy. That's it. I ain't wanna do nothing else. I'm glad man. Leo Rose, shout out to my favorite show, uncle Ocho. What's a family tradition you miss and want to bring back? Oh, that's easy. Four Sundays. It is. I think, I think one time I would like to get in the family together. One more time. Ocho I'm talking about like on my, on my, on my, on my grandma's side.


Yeah. Same. Yeah. My aunt, my uncle Thornell, who's the oldest passed away. BJ was the next oldest passed away. Furman the next oldest passed away. My aunt Gladys passed away. Oh. Charlie had one uncle on my mom's side ever reached the age of 70. Yeah. And So, you know, all of us, I got, you know, two first cousins that's, that have passed away to get us together. One more time. Yeah. Just one time. Just that's it. Because I know we're not gonna be able to do it. We're not gonna do it again on other Yeah. But just one time. Just one more time. I would love just to see everybody because most of the three, I haven't seen them.


When my uncle, well Clare and Ferel died, I had a, my uncle and aunt, my uncle had a heart attack and died in his car. They called my aunt and told her she had a heart attack and died. That was in 2004. Then Thurman? No, Gladys died in 2005. Thurman died in 2007 and then Granny died 2011.


BJ died in 2013. I haven't seen, I haven't seen any of my cousins since, since granny passed. Damn. I mean it, I mean it is hard for me, especially that scenario we talking about with that question as far as getting everybody back together. You know, I told you before when we talked about, you know, holidays, family getting together. You think about the movie soul food. Yeah. Where everybody, my big mama house, you know, grandma and family coming in from out town. Yep. That's the way it used to be. When my grandma here, you know, every, the family was tight knit. Everybody come out. Yep. During holidays, everybody meet up with one house. Everybody cooked. You know, each, each, each person has aspecific thing that they bring.


Somebody got a potato salad, somebody got the baked beans. And I just, I haven't had that feeling in that setting, you know? Nope. With with real. I was about real family. Yeah. My grandma passed and so that, that's something that I wish, you know, I I get, I mean just too many people have passed away now for it to actually happen like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Ah, that man, those, those were the days. Yeah. We're not, yeah, it's not. Those were the days. Yeah. It's not, it's I, but I, but I knew Ocho I'm not naive. I, I knew once my grandmother passed. Right. We not getting back together like that again.


No. We just not. I'm, I'm out here. It's just, we're just not. And I, I used to think about it a lot. I was like, you know what, you know, we'll get back together, we'll get together next year. We not still come around Uhuh and it don't even feel the same Ocho. No. Like, like I said, I haven't been home Ocho I haven't, I went last time I've been home. I swung, I stopped through because my son was graduating Georgia Southern and that had to be like 20 13, 20 14, 20 14.


That was the last time I been home. I remember going home, I went to Georgia Southern, I came home to Glenville. I said, let me ride out with me to the cemetery. Right. I went out there for about 30 minutes. Talked to granny, talked to Papa, you know, Burman, bj, Gladys all buried out there. Close proximity. 'cause my grandma bought a clock. She wanted all of us to be Ain't no, ain't ain't no way it's gonna happen Ocho. So yeah. You know, there gonna be some people that's gonna be misplaced. But she wanted all her put us all right here.


Well you didn't buy, we didn't, they didn't buy a big enough plot of land. But anyway, and I just remember I was like, dang. Because like when my grandmother first passed OCHO 2012, I was down there 2013. I was down there 2014. I was down there. Let me go out there every year, you know, sweep off the grades, sweep off, pop out grades, sweep off everybody grades. It ain't the same Ojo. It's not. And and, and the thing is I've accepted, it's never gonna be the same. That's the hard part. Never gonna be the same. You take that stuff for granted though, when you a kid Ocho and everybody's around and you with your cousin, y'all 25, 30 deep and all your uncles and aunts and everybody's around and all the cool cooking and everybody laughing and talking.


But it was days. Man, this gonna be, man, this is really cool. And you know, hey, when I have kids, I want my was in Dazed uncles backing and drinking another set of young dudes playing spades. They cursing and hollering. Yeah. Bad church music. Church music. Playing the gospel, playing Mighty Clouds and enjoy playing as they end up cloud Body clouds and Joy man, James Cleveland, Reverend y'all Alabama. The Fi Archie and the Fi Alabama blind. The, what is it? The a the fly The five blind boys from Alabama. Yeah. They'd never be the same boy. Joel Sar asking for prayers for all my mom passed this week.


Sorry to hear that. My thoughts and prayers go out to you Joel. Family. My condolences. My my condolences. Yep. Man, hopefully it wasn't a lot of suffering. Lot of pain. She's got a wings now. Let's rejoice in that. Ronald Woodhouse love y'all. Give Karina a shout out. My boss, her kids' grandma unexpectedly passed away during a routine visit to her cardiologist. Tried to send her back to LA to be buried amongst family. Carina bro.


Sorry to hear about your pa your your family member passing tough man. You know, death is never easy. I mean, well it was expected. It don't matter. Everybody's expected to die. Oh yeah. That we, we know that. It doesn't make it easy. No it don't. But I thought some prayers go out to all those impacted. I'm so sorry to hear that here as farming d unc and Ocho. Shout out happy birthday to my day one Mars Marshawn Hunter faithful Nightcap. Much love to her from all the mods.


Yes. Marshawn, happy birthday James Taylor been killing me. Why you and Marshawn haven't made your version of Patron Hennessy with a a Tromba tequila and your Shehe by La Porter. Call it a hall of Fame blend. You know what, we might do that. We might try to blend something up, try to make something happen, you know, but I know we coming to a state near you in, in, in in March.


Got a couple activations we gotta get to ocho. Yeah, that concludes this episode of Nightcap.


Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Get here, ah dang. We had a long show tonight. Visit at your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network. To date, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


Thank you guys. Because of you, we get to be us and because without you there could be no us. So we thank you for your continued support. Make sure you check our Shay by La Porter. As I mentioned, we just got activated and a few more states. We're in Illinois now we're in New York, we're in dc we're in Baltimore, we're in Illinois and we're in Wisconsin and we're about to get activation here in California. So thank you guys. So we're gonna be coming to a store near you. Make sure you check out my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We just dropped our Nightcap and Chill collection on Friday.


The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Remember supplies are limited and once they're gone guys they are gone. The Hornet defeat the Lakers 100 to 97 as Miles. Bridges has 29, the Mellow Ball has 27 and really the Dagger Motor that really put that put the Hornets up by four and they hold on to win by three. So that concludes this episode of Nightcap. I'm up, he's Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow night. The Volume.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Everyone's talking about GLP ones like Ozempic Semaglutide with Future Health. You can find out if they're right for you too. Just go to try fh.com. That's try fh.com and find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to Famous Smoke dot com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed Fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to Famous Smoke dot com. Use code Nightcap underage self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus Tobacco Consumers.


The Unshakeable Podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase. Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.


The battlefield is set. The stakes are high. The only thing standing between you and Victory. Nothing ascend to the pinnacle of gaming greatness with Lenovo Legion laptops, towers and the new award-winning Legion go. The world's first officially licensed handheld powered by Steam Os. Legion relentlessly pushes gaming technology forward with Towers built for raw untamed power laptops with best in class AI tuning that sharpen your reflexes and the Legion. Go a handheld for serious gaming on the go. Stay ahead with lightning fast responsiveness on a stunning 16 inch pure site display. Keep your cool with cold front thermal technology engineered for marathon sessions and with all day battery life, the game never stops until you say so. So check out Lenovo dot com slash legion. Lenovo Lenovo, Empowering creators everywhere.