(0s):
Coming soon to Prime Video. You can Call me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson. We have to catch this serial killer. I don't Kill for afoot and created by Ben Watkins. Ms. K thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If We don't find him soon, we may never have another chance. The clock's ticking. Do you think you can stop him? I know I can't because I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video November 14th.

(30s):
You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch the T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device. Credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption. Required card has no cash access and expires in six months.

(1m 6s):
This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month, it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay pay terms apply. See PayPal app cashback earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options. This card issued by the Bank Corp. A person went to license by MasterCard International Inc.

(2m 3s):
What's good, Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear buds, To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.

(2m 18s):
Paramount Plus is your home for the UA for Champions League, the best club soccer tournament in the world is underway and it's bigger, better, and bolder than ever. Next up, we got Match day four, which feeds it. Madrid hosting Milan on Tuesday, November 5th, and then enter versus Arsenal on Wednesday, November 6th. Stream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the UEFA Champions League. You can try it free today@paramountplus.com slash live sports

(2m 50s):
The Volume

(2m 54s):
TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six. whatever you call a touchdown One thing for sure. Touchdowns matter Moore at DraftKings Sports book an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. we want to bet on touchdowns. And. a Draftking sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score a touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Drafting sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five books and get one month free of NFL plus Premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on the amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.

(4m 42s):
Ocho I want your thoughts on this. Bengals wide receiver rookie Jermaine Burton was spotted in the Casino alone in the hard rock and sense were in the same city he had on yesterday. Burton was a healthy stretch again yesterday and Sun and Saturday didn't show up for walkthrough. Damn man. I mean we, we, we, we we talked about that a little bit. I think he trains with TJ Hodo. I think Hooch is a good mentor for him at some point. I'm, I'm sure who should gonna talk to him and try to get it through his head. These opportunities aren't gonna come often. You have a little, you have a little leash.

(5m 24s):
Again, they will tolerate you, as you always say, unc, they will tolerate you until they can replace you. And when it comes to the n everybody's expendable and replaceable except maybe one or two guys. Yeah. And that, that's literally everybody no matter what you may think. Yeah. So listen, you can't ruin this opportunity. You worked too hard. You worked too hard. Really all your life. You know, you started this as a teenager. You worked all your life to get to this point where you are able to live out a childhood dream. You are able to be a blessing. You are able to provide for not just yourself, but for your family. And bless all those who helped you and guided you along the way to get to this point in life and of your career. You can't, you can't mess it up. You can't mess it up.

(6m 5s):
I'm sure, you know, he has enough people bother him. I would reach out to him, but he already has whoosh in his corner as, as someone he talks to and mentor and trains with. And I'm sure who she's gonna talk to him and, and get him together because hey, that the NFL boy, that that, that NFL stands not for long. You know, even when you're doing right. So if you ain't doing right, I mean that least becomes even shorter. Right. And he's he's a talent too boy. He is a fucking talent. Mike Te Mike Hilton sent a strong message to the rookie wide receiver. When you get to this point in your career, you gotta grow up.

(6m 44s):
You're a grown man. Yeah. Nobody's gonna babysit you anymore At all. At all Joe Bur Joe bro had a good quote too. Know them boys, don't them, them boys don't play, man. They have, They trying to win. Yeah. They have a singular focus. Not only are they trying to win, they behind the goddamn eight ball. They ain't with the bullshit With the, I don't care if I make no. And now y'all see I wanna see the chat, but you see y'all get on me when I try to say it's about winning and we don't want distraction. Oh. Oh, you too hard. Oh, oh. You need to lighten up. Right, Right, right, right, right. Where y'all at, Chad? Come on now. I want y'all to give it. I want y'all to get on Mike Hilton.

(7m 26s):
Get on Joe Burrow. When I told y'all how I was, oh, I ain't gonna say nothing. And you know, a certain partner was showing up routinely late. You know, I I chastised him. I should have Whoa, I shoulda called it. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. I was late one time. One time. I should, I should, I should have. I shoulda have. See, and that's why, you know what I'm team rel I'm gonna get me a t-shirt says team re listen. Right. Don't write. Why you gonna bring that up, man? Oh my bad. Don't you? You know what? Don't your, I'm sorry. No, man, listen, I've been, I've been doing really good. Like, I listen, you know you Were in the house. I know. I'm in the, listen, I'm in the house.

(8m 6s):
The fact that I'm here, she left. Oh. So I'm in the house. I'm by myself. So she knew she Ain't cook nothing. She ain't cook nothing for you to eat. How she Oh, you trying to be funny? I just ask her. I mean, sometimes they'll fix your plate. They like, here I cook, I ain't gonna be here, but I cook something for you baby. Hey, I know, I like to laugh about a lot of things and Yeah, sometimes you have to laugh and make jokes to keep from crying. Right. But That woman left me, man. That woman left me. Now she understood I had to be here at the house. So knowing that I had to be here until I leave Tuesday and I have a, I have a five day gauntlet of trips that they have to do back to back to back then she'll probably come back because I'm, I'm not here. Yeah. So until I'm able to break the ice and you don't wanna be my moderator to help me out and find a solution.

(8m 50s):
Nobody in the goddamn chat. Everybody in the chat. None of you motherfuckers in the chat are helping me. Y'all ask me questions. What I did, fuck what I did. How about you help me? How about you send a goddamn tweet and say, come get this nigga. I mean, do something. If not, I look, I'm in limbo. I ain't even left. I ain't even left in like, well hell, when I think about it, and I think about all my relationship, but Unc, everybody really left me. I should have hit it with one of them. You go to the hospital and put the ban on? Yeah, put the band on. Take a picture like, like, like messed up. Like You in the, you in the emergency room.

(9m 34s):
In emergency room. Just, just a, yeah. You know, I've been, listen, now we're trying to think of all kind of things I could do, but I'm kind of past that stage in that age of playing games because actually this is, it was, it's, it's serious. Some people think, yeah, some people think we playing. I'm like, boy, this shit ain't no joke. What? You know? And, and I'm, I'm, I'm trying to make jokes and make in light of the situation. Yeah. It's tough, bro. Hey, that shit tough. What? You hear me? Yeah. Hell yeah. I hear. Yeah. Hell, I know I've been there. Oh, You whoa, whoa. You, you've been through this? Yeah. Yeah. It's, Yeah. Oh, so you oh, you know how I feel. So you could tell like I'm, I'm laughing and I'm kiking and trying to, you know, shit.

(10m 13s):
What, on the inside? Yeah. But I ain't never had nobody leave and come back. So hopefully you a better situation than I'm Wait, they ain't never come back, Huh? Hell nah. You did. Well you did something that bad. No. Nope. No. You know, we have difference. I think the biggest thing, I, I think the thing is, you know, sometimes when you get angry when you're young. Right, right. I'm not, I'm not, I wasn't as mature then as I am now. Right, right. And you say things, Oh shoot, you gotta be careful boy, a damn Man. Hey, the tongue is powerful. Huh? Damn. Tongue is powerful. Look, so I'm, I'm trying to like chat if y'all in the chat, y'all, y'all, y'all send, y'all send this a little message, you know, flood, flood, flood, flood of Twitter feed or flood of Instagrams or Whatnot.

(11m 3s):
I mean, I mean, it's the least y'all could do. I don't really ask y'all for much, you know, but it, it, it would, it would help because it Take, I mean, a long time. You know what? Oh, So just takes time. Look, hold On. Wait. We ain't got, we ain't got time. We in the back end of the year. Thanksgiving is coming up. Unc. Yeah. I want my family boy, Christmas is coming up, UNC and what? Want now what if Christmas time come, what if Thanksgiving come and I ain't got nowhere to eat. What Amma do, what Amma do Now I know I play around a lot now I'm getting motherfucking shares. I spent, I spend a Lot. I'm getting now, I'm, I'm getting mad. I'm getting irritated because what the fuck I'm eat on Thanksgiving.

(11m 44s):
I ate a lot of times. I mean, in Denver, a lot of times I ate seven 11. What? Yeah, Christmas. Yeah. That's, that's in season is different in Seasoning. So have you, have you not, have you never spent a holiday alone? Oh, it's, it's expected mentally. You are already prepared not to be with family, not to be with your kids because you're in season and they know you got the focus. That's different. Once You've done something before you can do it again. I'm not advising it. Yeah, I'm not. But at the end of the, at the end of the day, it takes two people to co it takes two people to tango. It takes two people to cooperating and move it in the same direction. Right. And I think the thing is, you probably needs a little time.

(12m 26s):
You know, a lot of times people like take a day or take a week or something. Give or time. Well, it's, it's been four days. It's, it's been four days. I don't know what kind of wash she wearing, but it's been four days. Four days. Ain't no time Ocho. Okay. Don't say no more. Say no less. Say no less. Say No less. And plus stay your ass off internet. I ain't do nothing. I'm just tweeting. That's, that's the problem. Oh no, I'm finna tweet now, now, now. Hold on. Now this One thing I've been doing the past 30 something years. Now. You ain't Finn. Well do what you've always done. You'll get what you always got. What's that engagement?

(13m 4s):
Okay, now it's time for a Soccercap and Dave Soccer. Check this out. Oh, hey, hey, hey, Hey. That was me. Yeah, That was really me. What's up? My beautiful people? Those of you that love the game of soccer, we got two beautiful game coming up. Raw Madrid, AC Milan. Enter an arsenal. Anyway, listen to me. UA for Champions League continues this week with Match day four. And as you remember, you can stream every single match. Live exclusively on Paramount Plus Madrid hosts AC Milan tomorrow. And what is a must win match for both teams at 3:00 PM Eastern, our own American hero on American soil. Christian ic, can he keep Milan in the mix? Last match that he had an insane goal from a corner kick. This Wednesday slate is highlighted, excuse me, excuse me. Also this Wednesday slate is also highlighted by Arsenal Andon at 3:00 PM Both matches are streaming exclusively, exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports to Sign up. Listen, real, real Madrid ac Milan match have been perfectly split their last 15 meetings in the Champions League. I, hold on, hold on. Stay with me. State me real quick. Stay with me real quick. Two of the most successful teams in European Cup history meet for the first time in 14 years on mass. Day four Uafa Chambers League, Royal Madrid and AC Milan. Face off at the Santiago. Bernard. Bernard, you all 15 of the previous sides contests. Excuse me, in the, in this league I have, if you're a gambler, man, if you're a bettman, if you're a gambling man and you're a bettman, I have Madrid winning the game. Two one. I hate to say it, but I just do Arsenal and enter Milan. If you are a gambling man, take about a thousand dollars, maybe $500 betted on Arsenal to beat enter. When you win, I will take 3% of whatever you win people. That's your Soccercap for the night. Whatever money Ochocinco, Please, please Sign It off My money Ocho.

(16m 7s):
As the basketball world anticipate Giannis Kupo who becoming disgruntled with the disaster in Milwaukee Insider Mark Stein reports that Nicks are among the four teams most likely to credibly push for the Greek freak. Say again? Joining the more, more well-known contenders, the net Eat warriors. Do me a favor? Yep. Pronounce his first name one more time. Giannis. Giannis. You spell that. Y-A-Y-A-N-N-I-S-G-I-A-N-N. Okay. Okay. And yet, young Bull. Young Bull is nice man.

(16m 47s):
Young Bull is nice. Can they really let someone that is as young as him is already working? They don't got a choice. He don't wanna be there. What you gonna do? Oh, So that, that work. That work in the NBA So they can absolutely, if they're disgruntled and don't wanna be there, that that's the way it get out. Kareem left all of them. All the grace have left. So whatcha gonna do. So now, so Dame, one of the reasons Dame chose to go to Milwaukee was to actually play with Giannis. So now Yiannis is, you know, he dis he Wanted, he wanted to go, he wanted to go to Miami, but Miami wasn't willing to give the pieces that Milwaukee, they weren't overly enthused because the last thing you wanna do is trade a player where he wants to go right after you've of course forced your way outta here.

(17m 33s):
So they weren't very overly enthused to trade Dame to Miami anyway. But considering Dame wanted to go to a contender, obviously Giannis contender, he ended up going there. 'cause they had the best package. Right? Hold on. So wait a minute. Now, so what happens now, let's say Giannis does go to the Knicks. Now that makes the Knicks a contender. Having Giannis on that Knicks squad would make for those Knicks Celtic matchups that much better and that much more. It all depends on what you're gonna have to give up. Are you gonna have to give up Carl Anthony Towns or are you gonna have to give up bru? What do you have to give up?

(18m 13s):
Hey, excuse my ignorance when it comes to this. Is there, is there any scenario or any possibility you could have Giannis and Carl Anthony Towns or that just wouldn't work or that makes no sense at all? I don't know. The salaries gotta match up. When you trade somebody, the Sal's gotta match. Giannis makes what? 50 plus 50 million a year. Wow. So you're gonna have to have some guys that give up, give 50. Now it's gonna, it's gonna kill your death. So you won't have no bench Probably lose Josh Har MHA bridges because the Sal's gotta match. Mm.

(18m 55s):
But that's what, look, I don't feel bad because they had Adrian Griffin, they was 29 and 13. Right? And Giannis wanted to change. So he get exactly what he wanted. This, he wanted Doc, he wanted a new coach. He wanted boot and Hoer gone boot. And Holzer was gone. He wanted J Kid gone. J kid was gone. God Dang. And now guess what? Oh, I don't want to go team up with nobody. Guess what? Giannis is gonna take his ass and do, go team up with somebody. You see, sometimes a man can make his destiny on the very road he took to avoid it. Mm. Talk about what you didn't wanna do. Now guess what he going to have to do? You ain't got no choice. Now why not stick it out?

(19m 40s):
Might turn around. We, Hey we, well we, we, not even in week two, were we in week two or three at the NBA? They won one game. So they won what? Six, one, and seven. So is it really time to fold already after this many games? They, them original time, You still got 70 so games to go. Okay. And all I know Jason Kidd is gone. Buck Bo Hoes is gone. Adrian Griffin is gone and they're all gone because Gianni's, auntie Kupo gave management his blessing to get rid of those guys. So I don't feel bad. I don't You think he got that kind of pool and power like that?

(20m 21s):
Huh? Hey listen, you know that game better than I do, especially at that level. Damn. So now they Got rid of Adrian Griffin, he got Boost. They, they were 29 and 13 to 30 th I think 29 and whatever the case may be, right? They were fi they were 15, 16 games over 500. Yeah. So that was, I don't feel bad. I I don't feel bad. Damn. So now what? Sometimes the, sometimes the devil you know is better than the one you don't. Oh nigga, boy, you better run that shit back.

(21m 3s):
Boy. You better boy, boy you Sometimes the devil, you know. Wait a minute, wait A minute. Is better than the one you don't Time the devil you know is better than the one you don't Jesus. Ooh that, hey, that was nice. That boy A hey. Ooh, that was nice. Sometimes the devil you know, is better than the one you don't. Mm. So I don't feel bad do all that talking. I don't talk to nobody in the off season. I don't want to train with nobody. And guess what? He gonna go join a super team and become the ve I told my grandfather told us something at a very young age. He said, boy, if you're not careful, you'll become the very thing you despise the most in a person.

(21m 47s):
Yes sir. What does John's despise the most? Super teams. Yeah. What is he about to do? Go join one. Damn. Be careful. Be careful. You'll become the very thing you despise the most in a person. Damn. Y'all better sit back and listen to old. She see people say Shannon Sharpe talk a lot. Never said he didn't know what the hell he was talking about. Ah, we gonna find out.

(22m 27s):
We gonna find out how True. Right? He's to this. It's gonna be very interesting. Is he gonna stick it out? I mean listen, now this Hard, the The old management, he owe, he owes management to ride the season out based on some of the things that he asked him to do. How you just going jump ship? Oh, not they've done, oh, not hard. You wanna go Done. They've done everything to get Dane. He was willing to give up holiday. The guy that won him a a a title, he was willing to part ways with it. But Mike Boo Knower, who's now in, in Phoenix.

(23m 15s):
Damn Right. All I'm saying is I ain't got no problem with it. But when other guys did it, and you have so much to say, right? Just Keep your mouth shut and then nobody will look at you sideways when you do the very thing. Hmm. Well you think of the, you think the situation is different though. It ain't different. It feels a little better about it feels a little better about doing it because now I have no choice but to go join a better team because mine is is like the Titanic. Whose fault is that? Every move that they've made, he had to sign off on.

(23m 55s):
Right? Every coach that he's had, he had to sign off on. Damn, I feel bad. Now what, what they gonna do with my dog thing? I don't know. Dunno, no, Shannon acting like they winning no chip. So when thing, so as long as he win a chip, he happy. So it gets, oh whoa, whoa, wait a minute. He's supposed to win the chip every year. He won Dave, he got Dane. Right? But now all of a sudden, you're not the defensive team that you once were because you don't have the own ball pressure that holiday provided.

(24m 37s):
You gifted him to the Celtics. Now look at them. They blowing teams out and you got a 28-year-old, a 26-year-old, you got a Derek White. Damn, You made the Celtics. Damn. They're unbeatable. That's Crazy. Or sometimes you just gotta, sometimes you just gotta, you gotta wait where you are with your gotta wait where you are. So when you, when will this happen? If it's, if it's, if it's going to happen, is is there, is there The, the the, the rumblings are gonna get louder because Celtics are moving on alone.

(25m 24s):
Now the thing is, is that Philly? I don't know what happened. They played it. I don't know if they won or lost. Joel, he's injured. I'm sure he's not happy about, you know, obviously he got into it with the reporter. That's questioning whether or not he wants to play the seriousness of his health, all that other stuff. I think that's what it, I think ultimately people looking at what he mentioned his brother, right? He mentioned his son, but that's not the cup of water that caused the Atlantic to overflow. Hmm. See, Joe l and b got tired of this guy writing about his injury, about his health, about his status. Right.

(26m 4s):
Well, how you gonna leave a legacy if you hurt? Mm. Your legacy is that you are always injured. People started to read that. You see Joel B came out and said, Hey, I've done too much for this city for them to be talking crazy and reckless to me. Right? Joel and b attribute some of that to this writer that's constantly writing about his injury and writing and painting him in a narrative in a negative light, Right? Yes sir. So, And this and this plus this doesn't bo well for Doc, this might be be this last stop to Cucamonga.

(26m 47s):
You think so? I don't see, I don't see how he Orlando cel. I mean, he wanted to move. He didn't wanna rebuild with the Celtics Clipper. He goes to the Clippers. He goes to the Sixers. And now this situation Ocho, he inherited a 29 and 13 team. Mm. Just say it man.

(27m 9s):
Paramount Plus is your home for the Wafa Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is underway and it's bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer has a whole new format. And this year the Chambers League is given us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. Next up, we got Real Madrid hosting Milan on Tuesday, November 5th, and then enter versus Arsenal on Wednesday, November 6th. If Champions playing Champions and here in the States, it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Catch it all on Paramount plus the home of the UA for Champions League. Stream every match and try it free@paramountplus.com slash live sports.

(27m 59s):
Hey guys, it's Lance Bass from Frosted Tips, AJ McClean and I recently hit the Vegas Speedway to test drive the Hyundai Ioni five in before the iHeartRadio Music Festival. We have an awesome episode, recapping our experience out. Now take a listen and thanks to Hyundai for making this possible. We got to do a timed race between the, the two of us. You Might have me by. I won, although I did hit more cones. It's okay. Wait, that doesn't disqualify you. No, I think it disqualifies. No, I mean, I mean, look, you know what it, it's like, it's like splitting hairs here. Let, let, let, let's just not be That. I think I deserve another 10th of a second. You did Hit a cone though. Oh my practice run. Yes. Still. So then we got to go follow a lead car on the main track. We got the car up to 115 miles per hour, which is the fastest I've ever gotten in my life. Weak, yeah. Weak sauce. I do that in my sleep, but I did hit, there's a very special button in the car. It's a little special red button that the second you press that button, you are literally like accelerating. Full torque, full speed, full horsepower for 10 Seconds. 6 41 horsepower. Yes. Like instantly in like 10 seconds. This episode is presented by Hyundai.

(29m 10s):
Coming soon to Prime Video. You can call me Detective Alex Cross, based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross. You've been doing this a long time and you're the best. And created by Ben Watkins, multiple victims I connected to. This comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for, for this killer. Thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. So lot of sickos out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Als Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross. I learned to dress his gut against inside's head. The clocks ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. You think you can stop him? I know I can't. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. November 14th.

(30m 11s):
What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, just like a dream For more. check out Bose dot com.

(30m 26s):
Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino is home to hundreds of Casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So Sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com and grab your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.

(31m 2s):
Alright, Ocho, now it's time for Rough. Draft. Rough Draft. I left you. I left. You got the last one. You ain't, you ain't winning This one. Oh. Joe Quincy Jones, musician, composer, producer who shaped some of the biggest stars, most memorable songs in the second half of the 20th century has passed away at the age of 91. Thank you. To honor his greatness. Today's list of Rough Draft best songs produced by Quincy Jones.

(31m 43s):
Who's going first? You First song for me is Dirty Diana Michael Jackson. I'm gonna go Frank Sinatra Fly me to the moon. Dammit. I got it. I got him On a rope. You got got Ghost Ocho Thou ghost ocho Th Ghost ocho. Alright, gimme Frank Sinatra. Come fly with me. Come fly with me. We nevermind. I forgot. We can't sing.

(32m 24s):
Yeah, I'm gonna go. We are the World. Oh, that's a good one. Oh, Michael Jackson. Don't stop till you get enough. I like that. Don't stop till you get enough. I like that. I like that. I'm gonna go off the wall. I mean, look, I mean we, if we just took, if we just took Michael Jackson's song Songs, yeah, yeah. So yeah. So I'm, that's my last, I ain't picking no more Michael Jackson songs because we can, we can pick any Michael Jackson song. We could pick Smooth Operator. We could put Thriller, we could put Billie G.

(33m 6s):
Hey, I'm going beat it. I'm going one last Michael Jackson song. Beat it. Okay, I'm gonna go George Benson. Gimme the night. Mm, I'm going, oh, Misty Sarah Vaughn. I like that. No, Chad, don't know about Misty. I'm going brothers. I'm going Brothers Johnson Strawberry letter number 23. Hello? My. Okay. I can't do it. It's my party. Leslie Gore, Miss Leslie. And you cry if you want to. It's my party in five.

(33m 49s):
I want five. I want Uhuh. You would cry too if it happened to you. That was, that was that. That was five. Huh? Huh? It my party and I cry. I want to, okay. I want want two. You would cry too. If it happened. You I'm gonna do Baby. Come to me. Patti Austen and James Ingram. Well, I, I, I think I I won that. I won that Rough Draft again. I don't think so. Ocho I did Chad. The Chad gonna tell you.

(34m 34s):
Yeah. The chat gonna tell you. And I, and I would hope they would be on my side in this difficult time. Yeah. We could've put Brother Johnson stomp. I like stomp that Ocho don't know anything about Stomp. So I went with Fly me to the moon. We are the world off the wall. Give me the night. Strawberry letter number 23. And Honorable mentioned Baby come to me. Ocho went dirty. Diana, Michael Jackson. Come fly with me. Frank Sinatra. Don't stop till you get enough. Michael Jackson beat it. Michael Jackson, Misty. And last but not least, it's my party. It's my party.

(35m 14s):
Woo Ocho. Now it's time for Spello. Cinco. Yeah. Yeah. Hold on. I gotta stretch once, once I stretch, boy. It's a wrap boy. I went four for, I went four for five last, last time. I'm feeling good today. Feeling good today. Boy, Man. D word here. Hell, I can't even, I can't even pronounce him. Oh no. Oh no. That, hold on, hold on, hold on. Lemme say a prayer. Lemme say a prayer real quick. Okay. I'm ready. I'm ready. Hold on. I gotta see, make sure I pronounce this right. 'cause you say I don't be pronouncing the words right.

(35m 55s):
Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Just yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Because the, the better you pronounce the word the easy it is for me to sound it out based on how you pronounce it. And give me a better idea on how to spell it. It's my party and I cry if I want to cry, if I want to Anti ultimate the first word is anti ultimate Anti, but Ultimate anti penultimate. Anti penultimate. Anti I know Anti A NTI.

(36m 37s):
Now I, I need a, I need a, I need a a little better pronunciation on the second of The word. I'm gonna stop you. Is A-N-T-E-P-E-N-U-L-T-I-M-A-T-E. See? Anti See you. You, you. Y'all not playing Phil. Y'all not playing Phil. Yeah. Alright. All right. I ain't, I ain't missing no more. Come on. Come, come on. Come come to me again. Come at me again. Come at me again. Co swallow. What? Cod swop Cop Cod swop. Okay. Co. Swop.

(37m 13s):
C-O-D-S-W-A-L-L-O-P. Correct. Co swallow. This is what I do. Oh hell no. I never heard, I never heard that word before. But when you pronounce it the right way, it allows me to man shit. What is what I do man, stop playing with me boy. Birdwood. Let's go. What's next? Dante? Dante, Dante. A person who cultivates an area of interest such as art without real commitment or knowledge.

(37m 55s):
Dante. Alright. Dante, don't listen. Dilla. Dante. D-I-L-A-T-O-N-T. There's no way that's wrong. Dante. D-D-I-L-A-L-E-T-T-A-N-T-E. Dante what the so I was wrong. Can you see it? Can I see who That, that that topic bar that we got for you.

(38m 37s):
Wait, hold on, hold on. I gotta look at, hold on. Lemme just get, I gotta look at the chat. I hold Ononon. Yeah, ITON. Your next word is hum. Dudgeon. It's an imaginary illness or pains. And who? Hum. Dudgeon hum. Dudgeon hum Dudgeon. It's an imaginary illness for pain. Hum hum hum hum.

(39m 18s):
Dudgeon. H-U-M-H-U-M-D-U-N G-I-N-G-E-N-H-U-H-U-M-D-U-D-G-E-O-N. Hoon. Damn man. Hold on, hold on. Before you gimme the next word. Hold on let me, let me get a mental, a mental reset real quick. 'cause that's too wrong in a row. Hold on. Damn. Lock remorse. Okay, here we Go. The last word is lock remorse. Lock remorse.

(39m 58s):
Okay, lock. That don't make no sense. Lock remorse. L-O-L-O-L-O-C. Lock remorse. Lock remorse. L-A-C-H-R-Y-M-O. I didn't Finish s see You just started spelling out the blue. Yeah, because when you said LO if la No I'm finna say LOLA. I would, I wouldn. Y'all cheating. You were getting that one. Y'all cheating. Hey, where y'all getting these damn words from Man?

(40m 40s):
Hey, because I called Harvard and it say any Harvard freshman should be able to spell these words. I was, I was a junior when I was at Harvard. You definitely should have sp spelled them. Hey, I don't, I'm trying to figure out who uses these words in that day to day life. Nobody. Damn. Alright, Ocho. Now it's time for Dunk on Unc. Oh yeah. Okay. We got this. We got this. Hold on. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. You going? What? What? I went one for four.

(41m 20s):
Yes. All right. Make sure you one for five. Make sure you get the same treatment. Alright. Dunk on Unc Tampa Bay Buccaneers edition. Chat Dunk on Unc Tampa Bay Buccaneers edition. You ready? Yes. When did the Tampa Bay Buccaneers join the NFL? What year? 1976. Motherfucker. Give me to Jordan. I'm logged on. I'm logged on www com. And who man, did somebody brief you because you answered a little too fast?

(42m 4s):
You ain't even think If I answer, you answer a little too fast. Chad, y'all see if I answer fast, somebody helping me. If I answer slow, somebody helping me. How? I mean, how am I supposed to answer? Okay, next question. Now I'm gonna know. Listen, based on your answer and how fast you've answered, I'm gonna know something is up. Okay? It's too coincidental. Who holds a franchise record for the most passing yards in a single season with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers? Jamis Winstons over 5,000. What year was that? Oh, I didn't, you see? You just asked me that. You gotta ask, you gotta ask that in the question Jamis Winston. Final answer.

(42m 43s):
Okay, you got that right? I'm logged on. You got that right? I'm logged on. Okay, you got two, you got two, right? You got two right? You got two, right. Which team did the bucket end defeat to end their record setting? Game 26. Game losing streak. God, my God. Which team did the Bucks beat to defeat to end their second, their record setting 26 game Losing streak. Woo. This was in 1977 as well. Just for better context to help you with your answers. I just go take a, ah, the Saints. Nah, nah, he cheating.

(43m 24s):
Nah, hell no. Y'all better stop playing with now. What? Champ Man, ain't no way. Ain't no way in hell. You knew That what y'all said now, Chad? Nah, ain't I need y'all? Nah, hell Ww com I'm logged on. Nah w this ain't no dial Ww cheating cheating.com This is 15. This is 15 G. This ain't even out nowhere, but in this house. Hell man. Hold hell nah man.

(44m 6s):
Okay, okay. Who's all time leading Russian for the Buccaneers? I be, you don't, you bet you don't know. This Man had a whole lot of I'm gonna go James Wilder. Hey chat. What y'all talking about Chad One thing about it? Boy, you got Lord on your side today, boy, I tell you that.

(44m 47s):
Tell I I I tell you that if you Know what I'm finna log off. I'm finna log off because I get 'em all right again. You gonna be saying I'm logging off the, I'm logging out this 15 G. Which team did the Buccaneer face in their first playoff appearance in 1979? Dallas Cowboys. Ah, we got him. We got him. Chad wrong. The answer is the Philadelphia Eagles. Yeah. Yeah. They lost to the Cowboys in the championship game, didn't they? Oh, I don't know about all that.

(45m 27s):
I just know, I think they lost to the Cowboys in the championship game. Yeah. Yeah. Which quarterback threw 35 interceptions in his second season with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers 35? Shit. Oh, that was in 1988. So that had to be Vinny Testa. Done. Done. I'm done. I don't wanna talk no more. I don't even play no more. I don't even wanna play no more. Lemme take my, lemme take my computer and go home. Lemme take, get my computer. I'm my computer and go home. I don't wanna play no more. Hey, hell nah. Hey son. Hey you, you, you.

(46m 7s):
Nah, y'all, y'all cheating over there, man. Somebody, nah, you, they done gave you the questions ahead of time. Like, nobody help me. Y'all don't gimme no study book. Oh bro. Do you know how happy Ashby when I get it wrong? She be up here talking about, I like Who size you on? Oh yeah, you hear us talking about ocho. Oh, man. Okay, y'all. You know what I'm saying? I get a computer, Man. Y'all cheap man. You cheap. Take my computer, go home.

(46m 43s):
Paramount Plus is your home for the Wafa Champions League. The Best Club soccer tournament is underway and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer has a whole new format. And this year the Champions League has given us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. Next up, we got Real Madrid hosting Milan on Tuesday, November 5th, and then enter versus Arsenal on Wednesday, November 6th. If Champions playing Champions and here in the States, it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Catch it all on Paramount plus the home of the UA for Champions League. Stream every match and try it free@paramountplus.com slash live sports.

(47m 33s):
Hey guys, it's Lance Bass from Frosted Tips, AJ McLean and I recently hit the Vegas Speedway to test drive the Hyundai Ionic five in before the iHeartRadio Music Festival. We have an awesome episode, recapping our experience out. Now take a listen and thanks to Hyundai for making this possible. We got to do a timed race between the, the two of us. He Might have beat me by several. I won, although I did hit more cones. It's okay. Wait, that doesn't disqualify you. I think it disqualifies. No, I mean, look, you know what it, it's like, it's like splitting hairs here. Let, let, let's just not be that. I think I deserve another 10th of a second. You did hit a go though. Oh, my practice run. Yes. Still. So then we got to go follow a lead car on the main track. We got the car up to 115 miles per hour, which is the fastest I've ever gotten in my life week. Yeah, we sauce. I do that on sleep, but I did hit, there's a very special button in the car. It's a little special red button that the second you press that button, you are literally like accelerating. Full torque, full speed, full horsepower for 10 Seconds. 641 horsepower. Yes. Like instantly in like 10 seconds. This episode is presented by Hyundai.

(48m 44s):
Coming soon to Prime Video. You can Call me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross. You've been doing this a long time and you're the Best. And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I've connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for foot. Ms K thinks he's the smartest guy in the room's. A lot of stick out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be Part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing cross. I learned to trust his gut against S'S head. The clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do you think you can stop him? I know I can because I know I him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. November 14th.

(49m 45s):
What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear buds. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.

(49m 60s):
Hello. It is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino's home. The hundreds of Casino style games you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So Sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com and grab your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group void. Where prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.

(50m 37s):
Alright, Ojo, now it's time for our last segment of the day. Q and A. Hey, chat. Something ain't right. Chat Illinois. Jay say y'all ain't ready for this conversation, but Greek has reached his ceiling. I guess he's saying Y's Greek freak. You do realize his se his ceiling is 30 and 12. 30. 12 and five. Does he understand how high that ceiling is? ocho? Yeah. Ok. T said up. Think the jazz are tanking for Cooper Flag.

(51m 18s):
Yep. I would. He'd fit in Perfect out there. Where In Utah, Man. You think he wanna go from Milwaukee to Utah? Cooper flag? The Duke Freshman. Oh, oh, Oh oh, okay. Oh, Cooper Flagg. He a young boy. Nice, huh? Yeah. He nice. Brian n said Unc, gimme your best Detroit basketball. Shout out to the Pistons for two game win streak. Also Go Lions Best in the NFC Ocho. You got the plate with me Ocho, you got a plate with me? You know this.

(51m 58s):
Yes. The Pistons beat the Lakers tonight. I think they won the other night also. Ad had another monster night. The Lakers bench is terrible. They, they that bad. They're awful. They might have the worst bench in all of basketball. Okay. Or at least, at least somewhere between 28, 20 ninth and 30th. They're terrible. I think they scored 10 points tonight. They got out scored 2017. Dang. So they could starters a a pretty good deep. Yeah, you could win with the starters. But their bench is terrible. They get nothing. I mean, they had a couple of guys just got 18, 19 minutes of cardio. They scared to shoot the ball. Unc Adam Blaine says, what up UNC and Ocho looking forward to week 10.

(52m 40s):
Ravens versus the Bengals Rematch Steelers versus the Commanders Texan versus the Lions. Which game are you most excited for? Steelers playing the first team this season. That's hot right now. I think it'll show if the Steelers are legit. Oh, that Steeler. That steel is legit. Especially on offense. I mean, especially on defense. Wait, who The Steelers playing. Who they Playing on? The commanders? Oh, that's, oh, that's gonna be a Texan's got the Lions. Oh, Bengal obviously 30 Thursday night game Mocho. Yeah. Oh yeah. We winning that. Hey, we winning that. We playing, we playing. We playing the Raven. So we, we finna have some Raven Soup and any Ravens fans that are in the chat. You know I love y'all.

(53m 20s):
You know how I feel about you. This ain't no disrespect. This is a friendly banter, a friendly competition. And Thursday, you know what it is. You know what it is. Who is Atlas on Ocho? What do the Ravens have to do in order to win? Run the football and limit the big plays Except when they play the Bengals. But go ahead, UW 1906, my wife says half my sins Now start with Shannon says Ocho, my wife is sad about you and Ra. If she won't call her, let me help. Been mad. Been mad for years. I got you. Like Papa said, you fat up a fraud for another snake.

(54m 2s):
Let's get right. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. We gonna get right. We gonna get right. We gonna get right. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy said Ocho, if you could write re a love letter, a letter sharing One thing or more you admire about her, what don't you say enough? What would you write? Since she's not ready to talk, try mailing her a letter with your feelings. Bingo. Matter of fact, I like that. I like that idea. I think I'm gonna do that. I'm gonna work on that tonight. Matter of fact, I can't even sleep. You know how hard it's to sleep when you lose the piece of your puzzle? You know how hard it's to sleep when you have Lego.

(54m 42s):
I know how hard it's, hold on. You know how hard it is to sleep when you, when you got Legos and one of the, one of the pieces to your Legos is missing. So you really can't complete it. Yep. You know how hard that is. You know how hard it is to have a number two pencil and the erase is gone. So you really can't erase after you write something down. Huh? You get where I'm going. You know how hard it is to walking a pair of shoes. You ain't got no shoe laces to keep you together. I stay with me now. Yeah. A love letter. I'm do mail it. Let write it though.

(55m 25s):
Mike say, Mike t say it's my birthday. Appreciate a shout out last night. Ocho keep smiling boy. Life too short. Love y'all. Yeah, I'm smiling. Appreciate You Mike. I appreciate, we appreciate the support. What we got, what we got. Who we got next? Leo Leno said What's up guys, this is your college teammate. Yet I would like to wish my sister Mimi for Leno Barron a happy 57th birthday. Happy birthday Mimi. Leo, this ain't really you. I know you don't. I, you know less than my computer than me, so I know I couldn't get on, so I know you can't.

(56m 5s):
But happy birthday Mimi. Happy 57th. Hopefully you had a very enjoyable 57th birthday and many, many more to come. Thank you for watching. Thank you for listening and thank you for all your support. Jerry Lee said Unc Ocho my best friend, been rejected about six times times in his life. And now's currently in his mid thirties, no females where he works. Money don't fall out of his pocket. And he's, and he's a two on a scale of 10. Damn. Help me. Help me help him. Shit. Help Mel. Who You gotta at least be a five to get some goddamn help. Boy, you know how hard it is. You already behind the, you already behind the eight ball if you're a two. If you're a two, you gotta final a one.

(56m 49s):
You know what, you know what? You know what? Let me stop. I ain't in no position to be laughing at nobody. I ain't, I ain't damn Man. Ocho ocho. Hold on. You could be ugly with money. Yeah, you can look good with no money. Yeah. You can't be both. Yeah. You gotta pick a Struggle. You can't be both BO af. You gotta pick a struggle. You gotta pick a struggle. Hey, Hey you. I'm I'm with you. When you right? Huh? I'm with you when you Right. I mean how you gonna, how you gonna be broke and ugly? Yeah.

(57m 29s):
Yeah. You gotta pick a struggle one or the other. Most of the time you wanna lead towards being ugly and having some money because if you got your money, look Here. If you got money, You get whatever you want. You get whoever you want. Yeah. Bad. Yeah. Whatever you want. You right Ocho. Yeah. Yeah. You get whatever you want. 'cause it's a whole lot of, it's a whole lot of funny looking folk walking around with beautiful women. Yeah. Shit, look at me. Well, damn, damn man. I ain't say I I, I ain't no two though. I ain't saying nothing about no eight but no nine. I ain't no 10, but I damn sure ain't no two. No two. Yeah. Told you, I told you yesterday, bro. I'm a strong seven, seven and a half with a haircut.

(58m 11s):
I'm seven. Impossible. Seven. Seven. You know, You say seven. Impossible. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a seven. Yeah. You know. Yeah. I get my hair colored. Right. Go to the gym, get a nice little pump on. Right, right, Right, right. I got some, I got me got these green leather pants. So Cho that's kinda white. That's Laring at the bottom. Right. Right. Got me a nice little green sweater. I put that on. You can't hit me in the ass with a red apple. I know I'm an eight and impossible. I know. I'm eight and a half with that on somebody. You can't tell me I fight somebody. They tell me Shannon, I ain't an eight lying to me. Hey, hell no. Once I put some clothes on boys of wraps, I put them green, white leg leather pants on with that sweater on Cho.

(58m 55s):
Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Face off Moisturized. Right, right. I'm gonna go to the gym. I'm probably gonna hit chest. So everything, you know, you know what I'm saying? Like, like that Sweater sit right? Yeah. The the sweater fit. Yeah. Let somebody tell me I ain't eight and a half. Yeah, I'm with you when you're right now. Yeah. Eight and a half. Sure enough. Frank saying Uncle no. If Mme pulls off the UN goal, a perfect 2003 piece, does that make him the greatest in your eyes?

(59m 40s):
Damn. Greatest. 20 and Oh, something's never been done. Yeah. 17 oh is the best. So 20 oh obviously would be the best. A threepeat. Nobody's ever done that. Yeah. Can imagine if if they go It, it's hard. I mean nobody was ever even thought of being the goat at year seven, year eight of their career. O Joe. Yeah. Jordan wasn't even the golden year. Eight of his career. Yeah. Maybe Jim Brown was. Jim Brown was. Jim Brown was starting to go because he wasn't the MVP of the Rookie of the Year as a rookie. He won three MVPs.

(1h 0m 19s):
He only played nine years. No. If he does unthinkable, obviously winning in three in a row. I think it puts him in the conversation. But I think Tommy will always be the goat based on what he is done over the entirety of his career. But, but that's what I'm saying. But here's the thing. He was three in a row. That's only eight. That means he had, he still probably got another eight years to play. Yeah. See I now and I see, but here's the problem. Now the question is, is it rings because Jordan don't have the most rings and people say he's the goat. Right. 'cause there are a lot of players that have more rings than Jordan. So I'm just trying to figure out, I'm a totality.

(1h 1m 1s):
I'm looking at all proteins, I'm looking at Pro Bowl selections. I'm looking at, you know, passing, see, I'm looking at all that. You have to look at a body of work. We just can't base it on rings because if it's just rings, bill Russell is the goat. Mm. Is that what we're doing? Right? No, we're not. Yeah. There are a lot of guys, John Hick, Casey Jones, Sam Jones. There are a lot of guys that have more rings. So look, I I, I still think he would need I if he gets to five and then let's see where he ends up on the all time touchdown list. Passing Yarders list. How many Pro Bowls does he make? How many First team? All Pros. How many MVPs does he have now?

(1h 1m 42s):
We could really have a serious discussion, but I think year eight, that's just asking, that's just what year eight? 'cause he came in in 2016, so it's year nine for him. Right. So it's year nine for him. That's, man, that's asking an awful lot. OCHO Year nine, the Crown somebody, the greatest player. He came in 2017. So this is year eight. Year eight. Hmm. Damn Blame Pilar di My bus was supposed to be the chosen ones this year. Why are we, why are we so hurt playing this ugly soft coverage? Because y'all don't have them. Y'all don't have them guys out there on the edge.

(1h 2m 23s):
Because when you bring, when you bring extra people, your guys gotta be dogs to hold up. Yeah. Yeah. Ain't, they ain't got, they ain't got nothing on the back end. They used to, you know, early on they were, they were a pressure, a pressure team. Yeah. They ain't got, they don't really got the personnel to be able to do what they wanna do, if that makes sense. No. So, underst Stanley, Griff, thank you for signing my glove in 96. I still have it. Marital for life. Patterson Ya at Nightcap. Just got back from the new marathon. I fell off the last few miles. I still got, still got Ham three hamstring cramps still ran 2 46. Not my best time, but Will rebound.

(1h 3m 3s):
Went to my first club that same day to celebrate. Congrats. You that what you think of O Man? I just couldn't imagine. Hell, I can't, I, I don't, I don't drive 26 miles of the day, let alone run. Right. Hell no. You gotta think I Better drive 26 miles every three days. Every three days I drive 26 miles from the gym and back. Right. I mean you got to think it's whatchamacallit though. Huh? What? Is that your own pace? You, you running for time but you running for your time? I'm still running. Okay. That's me. One foot in front of the other. That's still me doing that.

(1h 3m 43s):
I don't care if I'm walking. Hell no. Mj. mj. MDJ original said unc. I got an exclusive SSU jacket. Would love to give it to you Friday when on my campus at Clark Atlanta. I'll see you there bro. Ocho, that concludes this edition of Nightcap. Thank you guys for joining us. The Kansas City Chiefs remain undefeated with an overtime victory over the buck Tampa Bay Buccaneers.

(1h 4m 24s):
By the score of 30 to 24, Kareem Hunt plows in from two yards out and they win it to remain undefeated. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. we want to thank our very special guests, Karen Griffey Jr. One of the historically great ball players of all times, I'm your favorite, a Shannon Sharpe. That guy is holding up the Nightcap. You can't see his face. He's a binger ringer, Fame artery. He's a pro bowler, he's an all pro and he's most proud of being from Liberty City. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Call him ocho. Make sure you subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.

(1h 5m 5s):
Thank you guys for helping us to achieve a level that we did not anticipate this fast. Thank you so much for your support and your continued support. Please make sure you check out Shay by la Porter with the holidays right around the corner, Thanksgiving, new Year's Christmas, not in that order, but hey, we'll make sure we get it until you're in time so you have something to celebrate. Thank you again for your support of Shea by La Porter Ocho. Please follow my media company, she Shea Media on all platforms and my clothing company with 84 being spelled out. Our newest release dropped last week. I was held what I was. Well and I'll lie for you before I lie to you.

(1h 5m 45s):
T-shirts Black, black Nightcap hoodies, and by popular man. Stay with me now. Hoodies and of course our bestsellers, the UNC and OCHO ts. We got a lot of quick requests for UNC and OCHO teeth to come in black. We listen, we drop those over the weekend. Quantities are limited and make sure you go grab yours now while supplies last. Thank you Griff. Ken Griffey Jr. For joining us today. We greatly, greatly appreciate it. Again. The bucks, look, the chief defeat the books to remain undefeated. 2030 to 24 in overtime, Patrick Mahome leaves a game winning drive. That concludes Nightcap.

(1h 6m 26s):
I'm unc the guy that slid off screen is ocho. We'll see you on Wednesday. The Volume

(1h 6m 36s):
Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer tournament in the world is underway and it's bigger, better, and bolder than ever. Next up we got Match Day four, which feeds its Real Madrid hosting Milan on Tuesday, November 5th, and then enter versus Arsenal on Wednesday, November 6th. Stream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the UEFA Champions League. You can try it free today@paramountplus.com slash live sports.

(1h 7m 7s):
What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream For more. check out Bose dot com.

(1h 7m 22s):
Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected, and each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's Odoo dot com.

(1h 7m 53s):
Kroger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back. Score Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste you can't resist. Kroger Fresh for everyone.

(1h 8m 23s):
Hey guys, it's Lance Bass from Frosted Tips, AJ McLean and I recently hit the Vegas Speedway to test drive the Hyundai Ionic five in before the iHeartRadio Music Festival. We have an awesome episode, recapping our experience out. Now take a listen and thanks to Hyundai for making this possible. aj, please explain what we just experienced. I mean, it has been literally like a bucket list experience for me to go on a track and to just drive fast. And we got to do that today in the new Ionic five N, which literally, it Doesn't stand for nsync, by the way. No, it does not stand for Nnc. I thought it did, but it didn't. It Stands for No, This episode is presented by Hyundai.