
And the dream Season is now complete. The Golden State Warriors of the 2015 NBA Champion on the new limited podcast series Dubb Dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examined the controversial move that made it possible. It's Never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures, and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Cam Ramon at Amela Ortiz and our podcast, Atho is where sports, music and fitness collide. And we cover it all. This season, we sit down with history makers like the Sukar family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume After the win Last night, Russ described the Russell Westbrook experience a force of nature on the floor. It may be a turnover, it may be a missed shot, it may be a steal, maybe a dunk, maybe a missed three, maybe a ma three. It's gonna be all of that. I call it the Russell Westbrook rollercoaster. And that's he He just laid it out for you. Yeah. I say, Hey, he might shoot an air ball. He might turn it over.


You're like, no, run. Don't shoot that. So come on Russ. And then when you least expect it, he'll go four or five from the three. Yeah. Yeah. He'll get two steals. He'll make some big, go back and look at the series. Yeah. Hey, he played unbelievable short, short term memory. You know he had, he has it now. His short term. He got md. Yeah, he got short. You know, just like in football from week to week, you gotta put it behind you. Short term memory. We got, we going, we got another game. Well, in basketball you play every other night or considering in a, in a, in a basketball game in possessions. Russ, if he come down, miss a wide open lay up, he gonna hustle back, try to get the blanc or a steal.


Like it just, You know, it's a lot. It's a lot. It is. And and you, you have to, you have to accept that with it. You do. You have to accept, you have to take the good with the bad. Yeah. But just know one thing. He giving you everything. He got everything. You ain't, come on. Hey Russ, pick it up a little bit. You ain't, I Russ has never had a coach to tell him to pick it up. Right. Yeah. He might have to say, son, calm, settle it. Calm. Hey you come on now. Say settle down. You okay. You might have to tell him to settle down or calm down. Yeah. But you never gonna have to tell him to pick it up because he gonna give you that effort and you can appreciate that. And sometime in and, and, and, and trying to give you everything he got. He's a little out of control. He'll tumble the ball outta, I mean the other night he had two point blank layups Mr. Bow.


Yeah. In game six he did. But he come, he but he come right babe, come right back down. He gonna get you a second. He gonna get you extra possessions because he gonna battle somebody for the rebound. I saw him last night on line against him. He going to get the rebound. Rebound. He ain't got no fitness whatsoever. When you ever seen a six four guard on the in, in the box trying to get a real best free throw. Hey. And that's why you gotta lover. That's why he go Is Russ the X-Factor Uggs against the Thunder? Is he the X-Factor? Maybe if he played well, obviously they always got a great chance of winning.


But I think this Thunder team is, it's their time, it's their moment. They been, they been sitting around waiting and I know we can go off rust or You know, whatever the case may be. But I think this is a young team who's prepared and and understands the moment and they gonna come out ready. Yeah. It's gonna be, it's gonna, it's definitely, it is definitely gonna be interesting to see. Obviously you need, you need Yolk and Murray to do what they do. I think probably Gordon has been really consistent over the last three to four games. He's been really consistent in that, that last series against the Clippers. He needs to play really well. A big body guy that can, that can play Defend.


Yeah. Now, but his offense is playing well he is knocking down the three three. He crashes the glass. If I had to say an expat, I think they need Michael Porter Jr. Yeah, yeah. Because because sometimes he, sometimes, You know, he, he drifts, right. Yeah. If he can get But when he's in Go ahead. Go ahead Joe. No, but yeah, I, I agree. If he can get him some consistent, some consistent productivity in this series to where they're able to compete, You know, they, they, they always gonna have a great chance. Like I think we all know what Yo's gonna do. He's gonna make them dudes around him better. And if he have to score 40 or 50, we know he'll do that as well. But I, I like, I like how, You know, the series went throughout the regular season, how they played and how KC competes against him.


So I just don't think they got nobody who could deal with Shaa on the perimeter. If you just, if I'm just being honest, You know what I mean? Right. Like I Think you, I think he's gonna be able to pretty much have his weight now. Yeah. You probably could put Gordon on him sometime, but even him, I just, I I just don't think they, I don't think they're gonna have nobody who gonna, who could happen? No, I think bro, I think Brown will start 'cause he seems to be their best defender. But that's what happened when you let KCP go and you let, what's the other guy name that they ended up letting him go? Who was a great defender? Bruce? Bruce Brown. Bruce Brown, yeah. Yeah. They let him go and so now it's really, he left up the Christian Brown 'cause he is really the only defender. Yeah. We're like the Gordon.


But I don't, I don't think they're gonna put Gordon on the point. They normally put Gordon on the big guy if it's LeBron or if it's a KD guys like your Jason Tatum. I'm saying, I don't know. I'm saying if he get it going though unc, I'm saying if he get it going to one of them games, you can't stop him. You gonna have to, you try to put, you try to put that light out, huh? Yeah. You gotta to put some size on him. You know what I mean? Because them guys, yeah, he ain't no dude 6, 6, 6, no no, no. He's six seven. Yeah. He going, You know, he gonna get to his spots and raise up and them little dudes ain't gonna be able to do nothing with that. Right. I just gotta make it tough. I just gotta, I gotta keep, I gotta keep, Hey Joe, I gotta keep him from the rim and I gotta keep him up the free throw line. If he making threes and pullups, I got, hey, I can't take every damn thing away. Wow.


You can't, You gotta live, you gotta, you gotta live with that. But he, hey he's the one dude who has mid-range game down to the T and if nothing, if he can't get his three off and get to the basket, he gonna always be able to get to his mid. So this is what I'm talking about. That's the step that I was talking about that I want, You know, Jalen Green to make and just being able to get to that mid range. 'cause he's so athletic, bro. He can get up once once he going into his shot. You can't block that. Right. Yeah. Gotta put that time in the lab though. Ocho, who you like in his series? Ocho. Yo, I lie, I'm, I'm going with the Young Bulls. I I'm going with, I'm going with the Young Bulls. Even though like when you ask a question about the X Factor, I think the X factor would be Russ obviously with Russ coming off the bench, we know what yo yo You know what joke are going to do if they have a chance to win this series.


If the Nuggets do have a chance, I think Russ would have to be the difference maker. He'd have to be the difference maker. Obviously Porter has to do what he needs to do. Murray is gonna be Murray and you, You know, You know a joker could do. I really think Russell Westbrook has to be that, that that X factor in order to even have a chance to win this series. But Going kc, I Think you get that make KC so tough is that they got guys coming off the bench that sit in the chair. They're mainly there. Yeah. Who sit in the chair, but they can knock down threes. You look at Caruso, you look at Isaiah Joe, you look at Wiggins Wiggins, they got guys Wallace man, they really Wallace.


Yes. Yeah. And You know you still got Lou do you got Jalen Williams? So they got six guys that are three and D guys there, there ain't very many teams that have that many guys or a three and D guys. It sounds, and they got two guy. It sound, huh? Well it sound like you going with Denver sound like you going with OKC too. It's hard to go against joke game. It is, man, it is hard because you can see him. It is hard because in in, in some sense you can kind of see him going in there showing out. You can kind of see him because, because because it's MVP. Yeah. If it's the two lead candidates for the mvp. Right. He said let, let me show you. Hey lemme show y'all why she win it 45, 19 and 13.


Yeah. Hey listen. And we wouldn't be surprised if we seen no stat numbers, but yeah, I I no I totally understand that. They're definitely capable of, of, of winning the series. I just seen some holes in they defense or in they Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They definitely have some lapses. Absolutely. Yeah. The nuggets are feeling vindicated after a late season fire of the GM and coach. If we don't make the change, there's no way we are ever even in a game. Seven A Nugget executive told Ramona Shelburne Yoic, I think the owner wanted to change something to change the energy and probably he did. No, he did. Ain't no problem. He did, he got the results he was looking for.


I mean, you would've got those results regardless to who is the coach? 'cause the player the, That's not what they're saying. If, if, if, if the execs say that and the best player on the team, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna take your word for it, Don't you? Okay. Okay. You right, you right, right. I I'm, I'm just, I'm just thinking about me as a play, me as a player, regardless of who my coach is, I still have a job to do. Once I go between those hatches and that green grass, I'm gonna make sure, I'm gonna make sure, sure. Well maybe they put you in the best situation. That's why you ain't getting the job done. Mm O They, they definitely play with a sense of urgency. I I would say in this first round, You know, knowing that they probably doing it playing for the, the interim coach.


Yeah. Berman. Yeah. They want him to, they they, they want him to. So, You know, it's different man. When you got, when you got a a, a pretty good coach and guys wanna play, they want to do good for him, they want him to look good. You can tell guys out there, they, they balling yo just let his team in points, rebounds and assist in a playoff series for the ninth time in his career. That's the second most all time trailing. Only LeBron James 24 series. LeBron James has led his team in points rebound and assist 24 times. Yoic has now done it nine times.


But what about, I thought they told me all that help LeBron had. LeBron shouldn't be doing this though Joe. Some ain't adding nothing now. Man. It make sense. Two plus two. Why is five and six? It's supposed to be four. Look yo is, I mean, yo is amazing man. I mean, I I I'm gonna have to find me. I gotta find me another player because LeBron gonna be gone a couple years. So I need to find me another player I can get behind and root for. We just talked about him. I don't know what you waiting on. We just talked. We just talked man. Yeah. What you mean? You we just talked about him.


Yeah, we just talked about for the crib too. Air Man from Georgia. Yeah. Hey, he is got something out here in the waters, man. I don't know what it is. Yeah, man. Damn man. You want me to put Luca down because I already, I had already said like five years ago, I say when LeBron leave I might have to get on. I have to get with Luca. Nah Aint, man. Look, look Luas, Lucas, Lucas's cool. Luca's cool, great player, but it ain't it man. Don't let ocho de tell you bro. If you want stay a Lakers fan, do artist, you can Nah listen. No, no. Ain't no Laker fan. I'm a LeBron fan. Oh yeah, I follow a LeBron. Yeah. Okay, so you saying oh, okay, so you rooting for Luca then Basically you you gonna be a Lakers fan though.


Yeah, I might have to go, I have to go outside the Lakers. I ain't no, I'm a LeBron fan. I follow LeBron from Cleveland to Miami, back to Cleveland to LA now if he go somewhere else, You know what, if he go home, hell, I'm going home too. You going go Jane. I'm going go Jay debit. I ain't, I ain't root for nobody. Hold on. What you mean if he go home? What you mean? If he, if he go back to Cleveland? No, if he going, if he retire. Oh. If he retire I'm retired. I fandom too. Oh man, nah, you can't do it. It's okay. He, he going, he gonna be around for at least another year or two. He ain't going nowhere. I believe he got at least two more in them. Yeah. Yeah. Playing off the ball like that.


Yeah, you got, they gotta give him a little more help though man. Gotta give him some size. They gotta give him a big Yeah, they putting too much pressure on. On my boy. Get him, gotta get him a big, I mean we gotta big, I mean look at Miles Turner. The had 13. Look at everybody Big. Jerry and Allen had points today. I big ain't even played in game five. Damn. And then in the other game he had two points. What I supposed to do with that? Can we get a big to give us 10 points? 10 give us 10 to 16 on a nightly basis. That's all. Y'all had a bad, that's it. Bad first round matchup. Man, don't trip bad. First round match up. True Holiday is set to return from injury. Game one versus the Knicks holiday will make his return to the floor after missing the final three games of Boston's first round series with a hamstring strain.


Mm. How important is it for to give for them? Because he's probably gonna match up with Brons. He probably take Brunson. But you got a bunch of guys you could throw at Brunson. Yeah. Yeah. You can throw Derrick White at Brunson. Yeah you can throw holiday at Brunson And Put, you could put Jalen Brown on Brunson. Hey You, you put, you put Holiday coming off of injury out there in front of Brunson. He gonna pull, he he gonna pull something. He Gonna put, he gonna pull something. Put Derrick White on It. Yeah, you could put, you could put Derrick White on he going, he gonna sauce Derrick white up too. You could put Jalen Bryan out there on him too. He gonna sauce Jalen Bryan up there too. You gotta understand every, everybody, your naming players that are really good, your naming players at the defensive players. But everyone Jalen Brunson goes against, he gonna get to his spot.


He gonna drive, he gonna use his body. He gonna do what he always do regardless who he Got. I'm trying to make him as inefficient as possible. That's all I'm trying to do. Okay, okay. Okay. He gonna get to his spot. Right? I'm try. Hey he get 33. I'm trying to get, make him take 30 shots to get it. Okay. Right. That's all I can do. You just trying to wha him down. He's just trying to get, that's it. Some different looks, different bodies, hopefully. Look, they just come outta grueling series as well. He was banged up a little bit in that series so he carried on to the next series. You know that we g Hey, we gotta make it tough on him. I'm trying to hound him. Did you like, like Joe, Joe said he just came outta seven game series. He is averaging 40, 42 minutes a night. Yeah. Yeah. So hey six, pick him up. DD White. You got it.


Hey Jalen, you got him holiday? You take him? Oh yeah, we just going. Hey Payton pri they be pissed. Yeah, just buzz around like a nab. Annoyed the hell out him. Hey, I'm sure the seller will are happy to have him back because like you said, Jalen Brunson is the one guy that really can create his own shot. Yeah. He's gonna be interesting to see the matchup. They'll probably put OG on Ja on on Tatum. This is why they got him. I'm thinking he pro probably take Josh Hart probably have him on Jalen Brown. Who Bridge is gonna go out? Who you putting Bridges on? Oh, bridges. You know what I think Bridges might, You know what Bridges might take?


Jaylen Brown. Yeah. And then Josh Hart take Derrick White. Yeah. And o OG on Tatum. Yep. Yeah. This is why they went and got og. Hey, but here's the thing. Who y'all and I guess Ing and Kat. Yeah. Cat Al Horford and Cat. Yeah. What you got? What you got? You got Nixon six? I got the Celtics. Oh my bad. Okay. I got the Celtics Joe, I got the Celtics. The five I sell, I got to sell these ojo, You know, a very experienced team, You know, obviously.


And they've been playing well. They, they, they know what these battles are like and they've had the Knicks number, You know, over the years. Yeah. You know, I I don't even think this gonna be a long series. I actually think it's gonna be a, a short one actually sweeping. I ain't saying sweep. I ain't what Damn hell about you. You ain't like my fire prediction. Well, hell go, you don't like that pick go with six. I'm saying you got, you wore the five out. The five come up something we got. I gotta bring it back Lake. Hey Lake, we gotta find something that's catchy. I mean for the Celtics. I don't, man, you remember, Hey Joe, you remember they brought the seat, they done brought the bell bottom vans back. Remember the bell bottom G they back in style.


Bell bottom drip pants back in style. Everybody everything come full circle. Full circle. Yeah. Everything come full circle. But yeah, I say the se I got, I got I do got the Celtics in in five. I say the next will win the game.


And the dream Season is now complete. The Golden State Warriors of the 2015 NBA Champions on the new limited podcast series Dub dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examined the controversial move that made it possible. It's never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Camila Ramon Pelotons first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur and almost most importantly a Pere enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami AP enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Asho is where sports music and fitness collide and we cover it all. Deva Asho sit downs with real game changers in the sports world like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Shumate, who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It All changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know, you're not Latina enough. First Of all, what does that mean? My mouth Is wide open. Yeah. History makers like the ska family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Brought to you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


This is Courtside with Laura Corte, the podcast that's changing the game and breaking down the business of women's sports like never before. I'm Laura, the founder and CEO of deep blue Sports and Entertainment. Your inside source on the biggest deals, power moves and game changers. Writing the playbook on all things women's sports. From the heavy hitters in the front office to the powerhouse women. On the pitch, we're talking to commissioners, team owners, influential athletes. And the investors betting big on women's sports will break down the numbers, get under the hood and go deep on what's next. Women's sports are the moment. So if you're not paying attention, you are already behind. Join me Courtside for a front row seat into the making of the business of women's sports. Courtside with Laura Corti is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Corti starting April 3rd on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought To you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


Float like a butterfly sting, like a be your hands skin hit with your eyes. Can't See Muhammad Ali was never afraid to express himself loudly and boldly and stays true to form in Ali and me. An eight part audible original guided by his own words. This series explores Ali's life and legacy through never before heard audio recordings and discussions with those who knew him best. Muhammad had this real sense of his own personal values and principles, things he believed in his own sense of conviction. Those convictions never wavered Hosted by Muhammad's wife, Lonnie Ali and his close friend. Award-winning broadcaster. John Ramsey Ali and me goes beyond the boxing ring to delve deeply into Ali's extraordinary life. Through conversations with Billy Crystal, Mike Tyson, Rosie Perez, common Will Smith and Bob Costas. It created a north star for me of how I want to be in the world. You know, As a child, as a young person, he gave credence to my audacity. There's no debate that this is the greatest global sports figure of our lifestyle. Listen to Ali and me now on Audible.


Got back something very interesting for the both of you guys. The number of players declaring for the NBA draft by year in 2020. In 2021 it was 3 53. In 2022 it was 2 83. In 2023 it was 2 42. In 2024 it was 2 0 1. This year it's only 106. The NIL money ocho. Yeah. Got the boy. Like, You know what, if you going stay here to get a, a quick 2 50, 500, hey you gonna gimme that money? I'm gonna stay right here in college. Yeah. Listen, I also, the opportunity with the great understanding your chances to make it to, to the NBA and actually play in, in the NBA or making that squad. It's only a team of what? 15 right?


How many players it is? 15. A team. Yeah. So you got about four oh players. Yeah, man, Four 50. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna listen. I'm gonna bet on myself in college and get as much as I can. And that's four 50. That's every year. That ain't just this year. This Yeah. Yeah. Four ain. Like they as so hey, ain't no you gonna be four 60 next year. So look, look, if you got 50, 60 guys coming in every year, you got 50 60 leaving every year. So that's history year. And that's why I tell Kas, as hard as it is to make it to the league, bro, it's even harder to stick. You know what I mean? Yeah. It's harder to stick because once you get there, you can't exhale. You know what I'm saying? You gotta keep going, you gotta keep pushing. You gotta work even harder.


So, You know, I tell Kas all the time, bro can't get it's hard. It's Joe, I, and that's what I tell football players. I say, bro, it, it's easier to get in the league and stay right. Than get out the league and try to get back in. Yeah. Yeah. Because if you think it's hard getting in, get in and get out and try to get back in. Yeah. Right. Unless you, unless you're a quarterback and you gotta be decent. Yeah. Yeah. And what they saying, what you, well in the stadium, You know, you go to the game, you lead, exit, exit the arena. You can't get back in. Nah. Hey, what once you in, see I got a ticket. Even you got a ticket, they No, no bro, you the left. Right. We can't let you back in the game.


And that's how they feel about sports. It's like, bro, I was just here a year ago. I was only gone a year. Y'all make it seem like I was gone a decade. Right? Oh well. Yep. A lot of other people done came in, bro. We, we done NFL, they had 70 early declarations in 2025 down from 82 in 2023. And I l changed the game. College athletes aren't finding value in risk in turning Pro when they gonna earn six, seven figure right here. And that's what I say, why am I gonna go to the NF NFL hold Joe? Yeah. If there's a possibility they're not gonna get me 6 million stay right here quarterback. But, but, but also you have to understand the people that are choosing to go back, they questioning themselves. You're questioning themselves with great with, with great understanding.


Well, hell, if I know what I'm gonna get going to the NFL and entering the draft, it's 'cause I know I'm, I'm I'm that boy because You know, that's what You know what you're gonna get. I told Quin, what did I tell you Ocho, if I'm Quinn yours, I take my butt, I go jump into that portal. Right. And I go somewhere else one more and I make me three $4 million a year And do one more, huh? Yes. Yeah. As opposed to be a fifth or a sixth or a seventh round draft pick. Right. Because I believe he could have built his value. He could have been a, You know, who knows a first or second they pick Yep. And picked up at three four Mill. I would've because if Carson Bank jumped in the portal and got 4 million from U University of Miami.


Yeah. Which called I'm leave because, You know, look at his last name, how it spell I'm leave. That's what he did at Tennessee. He left. Now I don't know why he left a state like Tennessee with no state income tax to go to California. Right. To take three, $400,000 less worth that 50% state tax. Yeah. Yeah. That about it make it make sense. Make it make sense, don't you? I Don't know. Listen, I I don't, I don't know who was advising him. I'm, I'm not sure where he thought he could make more. But again, I, I always tell you if you, if you deserve what you was asking for, they would've gave it to you where you was at because that's where they thought of you.


Alright. Ocho got another one for you. What happened? Shado Sanders was reportedly pissed at the Giants during his private pre-job visit per Albert Breer, the Giants, giants one, they give players an install and there are mistakes intentionally put in the install. He didn't catch them and got called out. He was pissed that they didn't, they did that to him. Mm. Now, before we get into this ocho I told you, you and I had a conversation. I said Ocho, unless teams tell us what their draft grade is on Shado, right then and only then can we, the Cleveland Brown says we didn't have a first or a second day grade on, I mean, a first day grade on him. Right.


They said that. So unless the other 31 teams come out and tell you Ocho man, I don't know why. Okay. I had this grade on him. Some teams said they had him as a third, a third day option. Right. Albert, Bri and I ocho we was talking, I said, normally Joe, what they do with the quarterback, they're bringing in the quarterback. They'll send plays, say, look, okay, here's the plays. We want you to break 'em down, want you to diagram blah, blah, blah. Or they'll get you in says, okay, here's the play two Jet Flaker drive Red Rock Red, right. Two Jet Flaker Drive. Okay. Z motion. So the Z is the flanker. Okay. Yeah. He got the drive route tied in, got the basic cross we gonna run, we can run the dig, we can run the, we can run a dig or we could just have the, the x run a post to clear it out to make sure ain't nobody, You know, backside.


Right. And then, You know, got the rim right. Got the, the back. Check it. So we tell you that, okay, we tell you what, okay, what's happened, this, if you get this front, this here is where you go with the ball. You get this coverage, you go every with the ball. So now, oh, so You know the plays long. Now they got this red right yogi sample Xed the verse, the this to that. Right? So they tell the quarterback this. Now they show it to him on the board, then it goes dark. They say, okay, go join play on the board. And they want you to regurgitate what you sold them. Because as a quarterback, you have to have great recall. Yes. Because that they call that day play Joe in your helmet. You gotta regurgitate it. Mm. Plus you gotta know if I get this coverage, I go here.


Yeah. If I get that coverage, I go here. If I get hot, I go here. Right. But a lot of times they're like, You know, we want you to like be a quarterback. Right Now, knowing what you've heard Cleveland Brown say, we didn't have a day one grade on it. We had a more like a fourth or a fifth or, You know, fourth, fifth round grade on him. Okay, fine. The Giants sent him plays to install intentionally put mistakes in. He didn't catch the mistakes. They told him he got upset that they didn't tell him. Or Joe, what's your faults? I mean listen, I, I understand teams have to do their just due when it comes to these, these meetings, these interviews going over plays and, and having installs and, and having quarterbacks who go up and explain plays.


There are a lot of people unc, that play the game of football that can go into these meetings and these interviews and Ace and ace em, they can point out every mistake. They can do everything. Right. And you turn on the film, they're sorry in the motherfucker. They sorry as hell can't play a liquor ball. But they're great. They're great in the film room. They're great in, and it will come to drawing up plays. But when it's time to play where it actually matters on game day on Sunday at one o'clock, they're horrible. We know what you did with should do. When he plays the game of football on Sunday, we watch him do it at Jackson State. We watch him do it in high school. We watch him do it at a, at at a a very bad institution and turning that program around in Colorado.


Yep. So what you telling me about him not knowing and him missing mistakes on something you purposely try to trip him up on? Okay. He didn't see it. He didn't see it, but I know what I get on the field. Why even play this game? What game are we playing? What are you proving by purposely putting mistakes in there? He's a rookie. He's coming in, he's young. Yeah, of course he of course he gonna miss it. Of course he gonna miss stuff like that. Who wouldn't at the position? Yeah. That's not, that's not, that's not his plays. Heck come, You know, come on man. You know, if, You know, if you'd have gave his plays in Colorado and then try to slip that in because the BP would, my position coach and Denver would do that sometimes.


And I was like, You know, I was like, nah, this is not a 70, this is a 50 protection. 50 protection. You know, I mean blocking So 70 protection. I'm free to go, go. So you, you call to play knowing, You know, and we had, we had live colors, You know, blue Detroit, that's a live color. That's, You know, we get a stretch. We get a over what we call a a a bear front, a bear stretch or a Navajo, we call it Navajo. Some people call it where they job. I be teaching little football. Okay. When you have the center and both guards cover, that's called a bear front. Okay. Yeah. Now if you want to stretch it, we put somebody over, we put somebody over the, the tight end and we put the defensive end outside.


That's called a bear stretch. Okay. The 85 bears made that defense famous. Yeah, that's what Buddy Ryan defense. So bear both guards sent a cover. That's a bare defense. Now you stretch it, you put somebody over the tight end, you put the D in outside. So that's a four down lineman. And they found out the way, the way you beat that defense because what teams were trying to do, they was trying to take the tight end and block. Richard did. Oh, Richard Uhuh bad idea. Hold on. And so if you did that and you went out to blocking the guy over, you would come hit your cornerback in the back of his head. So they say, huh, how about we do this, we fake, like we go watch block this guy.


When he see that he gonna come, we just raise up and throw you the ball. Right? Yeah. What we do, we'll slide it or we'll Molly the protection, we'll take the, we'll take the tackle, we'll kick to him or we'll take the guard to Molly out to him. They started blocking it up. People got outta the bare defense because you're one on one Joe. No. Oh. So, so you saying why play these games? Why, why put the mistakes? What doing in there whatcha doing? Okay. You know how, You know how the man regurgitate the, the play? Yeah. Draw it up. Okay, here it is. It yourdo. This is one of our best plays. Right here is this da da da da da. Okay. You see this coverage? Where you going with the ball? Not if the coverage was such a, if the coverage though, this cover won single high safety.


Now, if we had quarters coverage, or if we wanted to cover six, what we call cover six, Joe. Yeah. We play quarters on one side. We play cover six half the field on the backside six kick. That means, hey, we press on the, the two side ojo. Yeah. That's what we, that's where the, the kick come in. What we play quarters. One side, half the field, the other side. That's why we call it six. Yeah. Two, four, six. Okay, now go. Should do a call the play, you go into the line of scrimmage. Now I done told you, I done gave you three names. This is where we go with cover one. Yeah. This is where we go with quarters. This is where we go with cover six. Go to the cover you call it.


It's cover one. It's cover one Blue, 17. No, no, no, it's six. It's six, it's six. Boom. You see how chaotic he get? Yeah. Quarterback gotta remain calm though. Yeah, because they joshing around Ocho, You know, they started one thing, they dealing ding around they rock and rolling and safety. Yep. They safety. They too deep now. Here he come. No, they shoot back the other way. You remember how the Steelers, hell, Troy, palama be in the line scrim at the line of scrimmage and the next thing You know, hell he in the hole or he in two deep. Right, right. Where you supposed to be at. Yep. So that, and I, and I get it, but look, hey, I mean look, I, when you turn the film on Uncle Ocho, when you watching Shadur, like for me it's like the film shows the poise and patience that he has in the pocket.


Although, You know, we, everybody say, You know, his line wasn't great. I thought he, I thought he showed tremendous poise and patience. Yeah. Yes. And I feel like, I feel like his talent will show an end game situations. You got some guys man who are just performers, bro. They just, yeah. They just know how to perform. You know, I I I've seen guys who wasn't great practice players, but man, you put 'em in the game. They, they, they know how to perform. And I feel like, I feel like that's what his talent to show. I think he get his opportunity. I think he'll get in there and he'll get a chance to show what he can do. And his, his talents will be on display. But I think he's getting a knock for not having the athletic parais that his daddy has or, and it's just not, it's just not who he is as an athlete.


Yeah. Listen, he has, he has opportunity young. I I think it's a, it is a blessing in disguise. The Browns have struggled on trying to find a quarterback since Bernie Co Azar and finding someone consistent, someone that can be a quarterback for that, that franchise for a decade straight. And I think God put him, You know, in, in, in this, in this position and sending him to Cleveland on purpose to, to give him that drive and that hunger. Not that he, not that, not that he didn't have it already, right? But the purpose, you give him that driving hunger to show everyone that passed on him and obviously show the Cleveland Browns that you made the right decision in bringing me here. So I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm happy for him despite, You know what, what, what happened, You know, having to go in the fifth round.


I, I don't know, I think it is, it probably done lit a fire up on him. He gonna be all right. Yeah. He gonna be all right because he definitely, Finn, he Finn beat everybody out. He finna beat everybody out. He might not beat Flaco out, but if fla, if Flaco struggles at some point in this season, they gonna make that change. Now F Flaco gonna not look f Flaco going have 3 53 touchdown, but three picks two now. Yeah. Now if I go here, he, he go opportunity employer, he gonna help you. He gonna help them. Joe is there in a similar situations to like, so what's the NBA pre-draft? What is it? Like NBA pre-draft? Yes. You know, guys go there and you do the agility tests. I don't think guys sit out, You know, from, from what I can remember, especially when I had to go through it, man, you had to, we had to do everything right.


And that, now, now what they've implemented is, You know, you see a lot of guys, they had to play five on five now scrimmages back when I was coming out, guys that had to do that, okay. Ocho You know what I mean? Wow. You go to a team, you have these individual workouts where, okay, so I worked out for the top 10 teams in the NBA draft in 2001. So I worked out for 10 teams and in the damn, in those work, yeah, they were working me like a dog. So in those workouts, in those workouts, they invite two, maybe three more other guys. So y'all can play two on two. So y'all can play one on one so we can see who is what. And you cooking a joke, man, listen, I would get, hey, I was getting to the chicken because coming out, I wasn't a, I wasn't a, You know, a top prospect to, You know, some degree, You know, guys were telling me I was gonna go top 10, but I didn't know.


So I had to work out for the top 10 teams and guys who were coming out in my, in my time, who was before me. Well, You know, that was a high school draft. The Kwame Brown, the Tyson, yeah. Eddie Curry. Mm. But you still had the Jason Richardsons, the Shane Bads, You know, guys like that. So I was looking to work out against those type of dudes, You know, to, to try to improve my draft, my, my draft stock. And I ended up getting drafted 10, but I don't know, after 10, I hadn't worked out for the end of the mother 10, so I wouldn't known what it would've been like. Right. Jose, I'm cooking some, I don't know about y'all, but I'm cooking today. Man, look, you get once in a lifetime, bro.


Like, it's like, it's like it's, it's so close. It's right there in your hands and you like, it's, it's going to be left up to you, especially in those workouts, You know, to meet these scouts, these coaches, these executives, GMs, things of that sort. So man, I think those are the moments that we all live for. We trying to compete for a roster spot. Oh yeah, that's exactly right.


And the Dream season is now complete. The Golden State Warriors of the 2015 NBA Champion on the new limited podcast series dubbed Dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examined the controversial move that made it possible. It's Never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Camila Ramon Pelotons first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur, and almost most importantly Ayo Enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami Apre enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Asho is where sports music and fitness collide and we cover it all. The arriva sit downs with real game changers in the sports world like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Humate, who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It All changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know, you're not Latina enough. First of all, what Does that mean? My mouth is Wide open. Yeah. History makers like the Suat family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeart radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought To you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


This is Courtside with Laura Corte, the podcast that's changing the game and breaking down the business of women's sports like never before. I'm Laura, the founder and CEO of deep blue Sports and Entertainment. Your inside source on the biggest deals, power moves and game changers. Writing the playbook on all things women's sports. From the heavy hitters in the front office to the powerhouse women. On the pitch, we're talking to commissioners, team owners, influential athletes, and the investors betting big on women's sports. We'll break down the numbers, get under the hood and go deep on what's next. Women's sports are the moment. So if you're not paying attention, you are already behind. Join me Courtside for a front row seat into the making of the business of women's sports. Courtside with Laura Corti is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Corti starting April 3rd on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought to You by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee. Your hands can hit what your eyes can't see. Muhammad Ali was never afraid to express himself loudly and boldly and stays true to form in Ali and me, an eight part audible original guided by his own words. This series explores Ali's life and legacy through never before heard audio recordings and discussions with those who knew him best. Muhammad had this real sense of his own personal values and principles, things he believed in his own sense of conviction. Those convictions never wavered. Hosted by Mohammad's wife, Lonnie Ali and his close friend, award-winning broadcaster. John Ramsey Ali and me goes beyond the boxing ring to delve deeply into Ali's extraordinary life. Through conversations with Billy Crystal, Mike Tyson, Rosie Perez, common Will Smith and Bob Costas. It Created a north star for me of how I want to be in the world. You Know, as a child, as a young person, he gave credence to my audacity. There's no debate that this is the greatest global sports figure of our life. Father, Listen to Ali and me now on audible,


Ravens rookie kicker. Tyler. Luke hit a 75 yard field goal with ease. Luke, have a cannon for a leg. Does Baltimore have their replacement for Justin Tucker Ocho? I mean, no, I wouldn't say that yet. Justin Tucker, one of the, one of the greatest kickers of all time. I know he struggled last year, struggled a little bit before that. But just because you have a strong leg, leg doesn't mean you're consistent. It doesn't mean you're gonna be consistent and clutching and clutch situations when Justin Tucker has always been having a strong leg is cool. I mean, that's nice being able to kick from 75 yards. That's also nice. But can you do it when the game is on the line? Pressure? Yeah. Can you do it? Can you do it when it's windy? You know? So there, there's so many other factors that come into him being having a strong leg, but also being a great clut kicker in situations where it matters most.


'cause it's easy to do it right now. It ain't no pressure on you. No, ain't no pressure. Ain't no lying. Ain't no crowd, ain't no fans. No there, there's nothing else affecting you and kicking 75 yards. But can you do it when it matters? When it matters most. Right, man. Have all these kick have got legs now. I mean, I mean I Oh Joe, guys, they wouldn't even let you attempt No. 60 yarder right now. These guys like, okay, to get by five more yards is 60 yards. These guys kept from now a 50 yard field goal is like a 50 yard field goal is like, that's like a PAT, That's a layup. That's a layup. That's a layup. These guys got, these guys got, I mean when I was in me only a handful of guys was what could be consistently accurate from 50 plus. Yeah, I mean they was trying to get that thing 45.


Yeah, but now, And they get, oh Joe, you missing a 55 yard today? Like, what, what happened? What Was wrong? Yeah, what happened when It 55 yards And playing. Plus remember, remember the gold posts are a little bit more narrow now. More narrow. You know, You know I can kick, You know I kicked 65 yards too now. Yeah. Oh Lord. Here we go. Nah, I, I I promise you. Now listen. Hey, listen now, now You know who was the backup picker for the Bengals, for the, for a decade straight. They didn't have to use you. And I thank God they did Okay. They, they, they did use me. They used me when we played the Patriots now. So, You know, I can kick in The preseason. I know the pre if if boy, if he had got hurt in the regular season, I was still the backup kicker. Oh, you kick, You kick one in the preseason.


OY. Yeah. What? Hey listen, hey Joey, it would've been good for 50. Oh Hey, matter of fact, chat, chat. Can somebody please send this to, if, if ask the chat. There's, there's video of me and footage of me kicking 65, kicking 70. Like look to chat, go and Google that. Ask the You not kicking the ball. You wasn't kicking no field goals. No. 65. No, I'm talking about field goals. That to somebody, somebody in the chat man. Please show unc man. Me kicking from 65. Oh you got Google it, YouTube, but it's on now. Hey, with ease too, huh? Like it would've been good. 73. That ain't good enough that he was kicking 15, 60 and 70 yard. Nah, he kicking it with ease. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


You know, I, You know, I got, I got a soccer background, Joe, so You know, I do, I do a little bit of everything now. Okay, I see, I see. And League College football recently ranked the Most Toxic Fan Bases in College. Football. Number one, Ohio State, number two. Florida number three, Georgia number four cu Wow. Number five Miami. Number six. Tennessee. Number seven. Texas. Number eight, Alabama number nine. FSU number 10. Michigan, five of the top 10. Where he play football at Elcho In Miami.


S-E-C-S-E-C. Hey boy. Hey, I, I, I still haven't had a chance to really go to these, these games to really understand. You gotta go listen, go to University of Georgia, go to Tennessee. I went to Tennessee with my daughter. She was on a visit. Go to Alabama. You gotta go, you gotta go to one of those. And I, you Gotta go to, I've been to TA Tennessee game and the LSU game. That's it In Arkansas. You gotta go watch the Razorback go Alabama, UGA now Texas a and m to see 105. 105 what? Thousand In the Stadium. They'd be rocking in the stadium. Yeah, they'd be rocking. Yeah.


Ocho You know the south look you grew up in Florida and that's what I tell people when you grew, when you play in the south Yeah. Football is it? Yeah, it's different. They close down when you swam play in a small town, they close early. Yeah. They gotta, you gotta go to the game. Hold on. That's why in Texas they got high school stadiums that hold 20,000 a high school stadium. Yeah. That look better than some colleges with their weight facilities. Football is king. Man, look here. And that's what who was we talking to? Well, we went to, we was on tour and we had somebody Cam and You know, talking about, I said Bro, ain't nothing but Georgia Bulldogs in, in the state of Georgia and Matter fact who win two Super Bowl 10, they ain't plays at UGA.


Oh sir. Them dogs football team. Yes sir. And then they go to Braves. Yeah. Yeah. You talk about somebody I been there. Yeah, boy, Ojo man. And when they used to and when they used to play it, I don't know. They they might still do that. They still do. They play at Jacksonville Stadium, boy at 16 coming down 16 to get down on nine five to go down to Jacksonville. Yeah, man. Yeah, they love some football in the south. I got, I'm not surprised. I gotta see that. I, Hey look, I'm, I'm surprised, I'm surprised to see you When to see you get such Arab fan baby, you basic this off two years prime effect baby.


Yeah. In, in Miami. I I know Miami. Y'all just show up because Miami, they don't come to nothing on time. No, We don't. Uhuh we don get there in the second quarter. Exactly. Exactly. We get there, we gonna get there in the second Florida, Ohio State. Yes. Florida, Georgia. Yes. Tennessee, Texas, Alabama, Michigan, Florida State. I don't know what y'all been rapping about. Y'all been, y'all ain't been good in a minute. I mean, listen, the the best obviously the best college when it comes to college football in, in, in, in Florida. Now you and had a phenomenal year last year. Yeah, but fa fam u's a better college fam u's the best college football team here in the, in the state of Florida. You like FAMU Fam u's a listen fam, u's everything, Fam u we gotta, we gotta, we gotta find HBCU.


We gotta rank the H 10 top 10, HBCU fam bases. Well Number one is what number one is fam U top The bottom? I don't know. Ocho I think it might be rambling or Southern. Come wait, come with that human jukebox man. That human jukebox. Listen, with all due respect, with all due respect to the human jukebox, they were nothing. They will ne they will never be comparable to the incomparable Marcia 100. Don't do that. Oh, that pass one that pass y'all bro. That where it chicken the jukebox. Man, listen man, listen man, Dr. White, Dr. White and, and, and, and Brother Shelby Chipman have done a wonders, have done a wonder with the March 100 Wonders.


But that jukebox, Nah, listen, no, man. Oh Joe, that one I didn't bring. Oh Joe, they ain't bring number two records. That wasn't even the full jukebox that we had at the I know, I know. Listen, I've been watching Southern for a very long time in chat. Listen to me, if there's anybody, oh young, I pray you probably won't do this, but it's, it's for me, You know how much I love the band. Anybody in the chat that went to A-H-B-C-U and might have played in the band, lemme tell you how much I love Southern still to this day, I always watch, it's on YouTube. It's called the fifth Quarter. Obviously unc You know it the fifth quarter after after two HBC teams play. It'd be bad little, they the fifth quarter at the end of the game, but they go back and forth. Battle of the bands, Boy, the Human Jukebox versus Alcorn State in 2014.


Chat. If y'all have any time to go on YouTube and watch Southern versus Alcorn state in 2014, boy you will enjoy it. It was a masterpiece from both schools back and forth. But when it comes to HBCU, Martian bands, there is nothing, nothing like that School. The highest of the Seven Hills down in Tallahassee, Florida. That looked like a reptile known as the Rattlers. Nothing like them. Nothing. And I, I stand on that. They Gonna put on a show, Man. Every time. Only one, only one school is Mars for the president. Now only one school is going to to play for the president now. We done been everywhere. All over the world.


We different. Huh? We strike different. What you mean? We, you went to Oregon State? Wait, Time, time now. Time now. Time out. You know why I wasn't able to go to FMU? I ain't had no grades coming outta high school. But I, and listen, I'm an honorary member. I'm, I'm an honorary member. Huh? And I, and I, I'm an ambassador for FMU Teddy. Hey, where a dog? Where, where a dog at, Joe. What the dog at? He tus put up Tal sleep. Huh? Ty? Sleep. Sleep. I'm talking about Joe. I'm gonna, I gonna see Joe Dog. He Roaming the property right now. O Joe. He got, yeah. Let him, Oh, you got property boy.


You got money Property. Hey, he ain't say he was in the yard. Nigga say he on the Property. Ocho, you got chill Ocho. You got chill. You got chill Ocho you got chill. But the say he on the property. He got, he doing his job right now. He doing his Well, you got, boy, you got money. I'm gonna put him on, I'm gonna bring him on camera for you, but yeah, yeah, bring him on. He look, he the same color as og that he, he, he brown with that black mask. Yeah, he bite. Yeah, he bites. Yeah. Yeah. I, yeah, I He got teeth, don't he? I I I name something that got teeth that don't bite. I mean, I, I I rough your dog up. Who? Me? All right. You gonna put the suit on?


You gonna put the suit on? Let I, I don't need no suit. I don't need no suit. Just let, just, just, just you, you got commands for him, right? Yeah. Yeah. Just command, command him attack and watch what I do to him. Nah, I ain't gotta command him. Nothing you gotta do is be in the backyard. I ain't gotta say nothing. I ain't gonna tell. I ain't gonna say a word. Oh, but I know you don't see that thing on YouTube. Where that Amazon driver, that UPS Amazon driver, he hopped over that fence backwards. You see hotel I see. When the package in his hand. Yeah. That was, that was fun. I seen One deliver look like he was delivering the Uber Eats.


Uber Eats. And that big dog came through the screen though. It went for the Hood towel thing to, to catch him a little bit. He would've had Buddy. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh, that was four run rolls out. The full size Lego cars for the Miami Grand Prix driver's parade made a 400,000 Lego bricks. It took 22,000 hours to build the Lego F one cars reach a top speed of 20 kilometers an hour. Did you go, did you go to F1 ocho? Yeah, I Was there. I was out there all day. I was out there, You know, politicking, shaking hands, smiling, You know, giving hugs, kissing babies. I, I enjoyed that. I went, I went to qualifiers. I didn't go to, I didn't go to the actual race today, but I did enough of what I needed to do during the qualifying race.


It, it, it was good. Right. I prefer, I love nascar. I love the people that come to nascar. I love those that come out to enjoy and, and, and do what they do. I prefer That's A totally different fan based than what that is. Yes. I prefer NASCAR on me. I can, I can relate to the folks at nascar. Yeah. You know, when you go, You know how you go to the Kentucky Derby? Yeah. It's the who's who. Yeah. That's, that's F1. Yeah. That's, that's F1. You know, I'm not Yes. I, I I like it because I, You know, it's, it's, it's when you go to get deals done. I like, I, that's what I like to say. You right. I like, I prefer nascar, but Indy was, it was obviously every time I have an opportunity to go to F1, it's, it's, it is beautiful.


You, you, it's a good place, You know, to, to bridge gaps, to build some relationships and, and meet people that you going, you going, you gonna need long term on the back end. But ain't nothing like NASCAR though. Ain't nothing like Nascar. All right guys. Final segment of the evening is time for Q and a Black L 71. Oh, didn't players vote? Halliburton the most overrated player. Yeah, they did. Mm, they did. Mm man won a gold medal and been on the Olympic and been a, been on Olympic team and go to an all star game. So I, I don't know how he overrated. Casey Taylor says, I, so what is your old moment?


I'm in the NBA, also a huge Kobe fan. When you share a Kobe story with us also Unc, I was a super mad, crazy sad, but we played hella bad maybe Lakers in five next year, man, I got, I had a chance to play with Kobe in a hurricane relief game in Houston. This okay. 2005. And when the hurricane, what was the hurricane in Houston? It was in 2005. I can't remember the name of the hurricane. But anyway, a bunch of guys went down there and we played a, we played a real game. And man, I just remember, You know, us being for the fans and us, us on the van, and I was riding on the same van as Kobe.


And I remember one dude on there was like, yeah man, let's come out, have some fun for the fans, You know, put on the show. Enjoy the game. He was like, oh nah, we coming out to compete. Yeah, we gonna win. You know what I mean? Yeah. He is just in the charity game, man. I'm like the, You know, the focus that he had, You know, from, from playing against him at all Star games. Like, and just playing against him. When he was playing for the Lakers, obviously I was playing for Phoenix or Atlanta or Brooklyn. Man. His, his focus was there at all times, bro. It wasn't like it, it was never a playtime with him. It was like, man, let's do it. Like if we gonna do it, let's do it. Do it. Right. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Hurricane Rita, is that what Joe, that was there. Hurricane Rita?


Yeah, we went to Houston, man and had a dope game down there. It was, it was a lot of fun. Pressure said, oh, you gotta stop KD and book got beat by Annie in the woods. If KD is not with Steph, he not winning no chip injury. Prone and gone iso. Well, that's something we don't, we'll never know because he went to Golden State and won two championships. He didn't coattail the man led, he led, You know, he was the finals MVP two years in a row. Now he's been on some great teams where they couldn't get it done, whether it was lack of leadership or whatever the case may be. But I mean, Durant's a hell of a talent man.


He's a hell of. Yeah. And I think we look at, You know, we look at his attributes and some of the other greats like LeBron, who naturally makes guys around him better and has done that pretty much throughout his whole career. And You know, Duran has took, You know, took some flack for that. But for, for the most part, I love him. 'cause he a dude who just loves to go out there and hoop, bro. That's it. And at the same time, You know what you going get from him, You know what he gonna bring to the table? Yeah. Yep. And that's the thing, the thing, look, he ain't trying to get no pep talks. He ain't trying to be in no pregame me doing all that. I, I'm come out here, You know what I'm gonna give you? I'm gonna give y'all 20, 20. I'm gonna give y'all 27, 6 and six.


That's, that's what I'm gonna give you. Yeah. Now y'all catch me just right. I'm gonna be a crazy efficient, I'll give you 32. Right? Yeah. But that's what, that's all he wants to do. He guys that love the game of basketball, all the other stuff. Hey, talking to y'all at pre-game meeting, we gotta come out here, rah, rah, rah. He's, Hey, he's made that abundantly clear. I ain't got no problem with it. Hey, everybody ain't meant to leave. Right. Right. And the way he lead might, might be the conventional way that a Jordan or Kobe or LeBron or a Yoic or Steph. Right. It might, it might be a different form of leadership. Yeah. Just make, You know, some people lead by example. Here we go. I was just gonna say that. He just may lead by example and, and for the most part, that's what he is been doing.


Dr. Frank L Belly. How you doing doc? Hey Fab. What kind of pressure did y'all feel in the playoffs? Was it nerves hype or straight tunnel vision. And what did you do physically and mentally prepare? Well, You know, the pressure is what you feel when you haven't done what you Think you can do. Mm. For me, Ocho so like a series, we talked about it yesterday. Game seven, NBA game seven, hockey game seven, baseball game seven in football. Every game we play in the playoff is game seven. There is no tomorrow. Every game is a game seven. Tom Brady played 35. Probably game sevens.


Let that sink in. If you're an NBA player, if you play, if you play five in your career, you like, damn, think about playing 35. If you are not prepared, you'll feel pressure. Yeah. If you prepared, you don't feel pressure. Right? It's a singular focus. I'm gonna do what I've done to get here. I'm not gonna do anything a little, You know, hey, I might go back and like, okay, I saw something, I saw something in two games. Lemme see something here. I might go back and look at something. See how the guy played Somebody that was really similar to me, Ocho, how they did it in the slot. Okay. But at the end of the day, it's football. Right? John, throw it, somebody throw it, I catch it.


I get a first down on a touchdown. Okay. Block stay between my guy, the, the guy tried to make the tackle and the ball carrier. Right? It's really that simple. But I don't, you don't, I don't think anybody like, oh man, this is the divisional round the playoffs, this is the a FC championship game. I don't think people think of it in those terms, Joe. Nah. But You know, because the energy is different. It's, it feels that, hey, that stadium who is different, Hey, hey, I had the pleasure of playing and I played a few games sevens. But one memorable one I can tell y'all about is what I was playing in Brooklyn. And it was myself, Kevin Gardner, Paul Pierce, Dan Williams, Brooke Lopez.


And we played against, we was a seven seed playing against Toronto, who was the number two seed. And we played a game seven on their home floor. And we end up winning that game. But I tell you, like we had packed, we packed for the next series, going to their game seven. That next series damn was against the Miami Heat. That's all I was thinking about doing the game. I was like, man, we gotta win this game 'cause we gotta go to Miami, baby. We going to Miami. Yeah. Game. We were in this game, we gonna have to play the heat. But we get to, we get to go to Miami for at least four, five days. I, we can't go back to New York on a lost game. Seven. Yeah. So that, that's, oh, that was the one that was that what? That game four, game five when LeBron dropped 49 on y'all.


Yeah, that was, yeah, the ne that next series. That's it. Yeah. Game four. He dropped 49 on us. But it was, it was a great series, man. We had fun. And that's why when you get, when you get to those stages in, in, in the season, the, in the, in the playoffs, you gotta be healthy, man. And, and that's what kind of bogged us down with injuries. We had, we had plenty of talent, but we had guys that were just banged up and just too injured. Man, y'all, they were old Joe. Yeah, man. But I ain't necessarily talking about Paul and K You know, I'm saying, man, we had Andre Klino, AK 47, I don't know if y'all know much about him, man, that man 6, 9, 6 10 could do everything. If we would've had him, he was on our team.


Like if he could've gave us any little productivity, man, we would've had a better chance. You know, it's just little stuff like that. Like he never, he never got a chance to play in the series. Quinlan, nas, custom wolves have sides, but Warriors have speed. If Rudy plays like he did against the Lakers game five, then the Warriors in five or seven. If Rudy Gopi played like he played against the Lakers in game five, they're sweeping the Warriors. Yeah. Yeah. You talking about the Warriors, either five or seven. If Rudy Goldberg give you 27 and 24, they are sweeping the Warriors. Yeah. I don't know if he going to have that out. No, but he may, he may win you a game or two just from his presence and, and just the relentlessness of their team alone.


They, they can hit you in so many ways. It ain't we right? No, we talk a lot about a man, but they got, he got a lot of great complimentary pieces that can explode for sure. And give him off. We seen that Jayden McDaniels go for 30 in a game. We, You know, we know what Randall can do. We know what Divin Zo can do coming off that bench. We know what Nas Reed can do. They got the total package, man. They do Quinlan Nas have another one. He said an man Sandman Candyman. He said Warriors in. Y'all seen an man after the Lakers game. He said, man, you Yeah, man, hoop man Batman hit me.


True in from 73 Minnesota pineapple soda cream, soda warriors in five. Everybody said the Warriors in five. I don't know. All right, Josh, R 9 0 8, bacon grease, lead crease, itchy fleece, still cooking with Grease Warriors. The five, that's three Warriors Gold standard. If the gold Michael Jordan was on the Lakers would've won that series. All right. No. Well, if he, so why did he, I, okay, if he was the gold, why didn't he beat the Celtics? Look, they both goaded man. They both goads, bro. But it, it's the thing. Look, we if I, if I hate like eras because it's so different now.


Yeah, it is so different. The game. If y'all can't look at the game, the way the game is played today compared to way where was the last time you saw a 73 65 full game, four quarters in the final score was 73 65 teams getting teams getting 73 points at the half. Yeah. Yeah. Different ball game. And


The dream season is now complete. The Golden State Warriors of the 2015 NBA championship On the new limited podcast series Dub dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examined the controversial move that made it possible. It's Never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


I am Camila Ramon Pelotons first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur, and almost most importantly AEO enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami AEO enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Asho is where sports, music and fitness collide and we cover it all sit downs with real game changers in the sports world, like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Shumate, who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It all Changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know, you're not Latina enough. First Of all, what does that mean? My Mouth is wide open. Yeah. History makers like the Suat family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought to you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


This is Courtside with Laura Corti, the podcast that's changing the game and breaking down the business of women's sports like never before. I'm Laura, the founder and CEO of deep blue Sports and Entertainment. Your inside source on the biggest deals, power moves and game changers. Writing the playbook on all things women's sports. From the heavy hitters in the front office to the powerhouse women. On the pitch, we're talking to commissioners, team owners, influential athletes, and the investors betting big on women's sports. We'll break down the numbers, get under the hood and go deep on what's next. Women's sports are the moment, so if you're not paying attention, you are already behind. Join me Courtside for a front row seat into the making of the business of women's sports. Courtside with Laura Corti is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Corti starting April 3rd on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought to you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee your hands skin hit with your ice. Can See Muhammad Ali was never afraid to express himself loudly and boldly and stays true to form in Ali and me, an eight part audible original guided by his own words. This series explores Ali's life and legacy through never before heard audio recordings and discussions with those who knew him best. Muhammad had this real sense of his own personal values and principles, things he believed in his own sense of conviction. Those convictions never wavered. Hosted by Muhammad's wife, Lonnie Ali and his close friend, award-winning broadcaster. John Ramsey Ali and me goes beyond the boxing ring to delve deeply into Ali's extraordinary life. Through conversations with Billy Crystal, Mike Tyson, Rosie Perez, common Will Smith and Bob Costas. It created a north star for me of how I want to be in the world. You know, As a child, as a young person, he gave credence to my audacity. There's no debate that this is the greatest global sports figure of our lifestyle. Listen to Ali and me now on Audible, Steph Curry. Shoot more threes by himself than the whole NBA shot back then.


Yes. Yeah, the game is different. Completely different. No post prisons. Kevin said. Could you see the Lakers trading for Claxton or Aton? If not, who would be the best fit for them? I like Clarkson. Luca. Luca needs a law of presence. That's what, if you go back and look when they went to the finals, he had Gifford, he had lively. Yeah. Putting pressure. That's what he needs. He he needs, he That's what he needs. That's what he wants. So he can, You know, he, he gets that step through and the guys come to help. He just live it up and they slam it down. Eight might cost a little bit too much.


You think so? Mark, we was a, would've been a perfect guy. Yeah. Mark. Wes been a perfect guy. Guy give you 16 and 10. Boy, that show coulda used that. They need, they need to beg say last Uncle Ocho love the show. Who you guys think the biggest What if story in sports history, what ifs? Fuck. What if for me, sports Lynn Bias. Ooh, that's a good one. Lynn. Bias. That's a good one. I'm going, I'm going, I'm going with, I'm going, I'm enough to remember live bias. Yeah. Yeah.


Bad boy could do it all though. Joke. Yeah. Could do it all. I, I know. Yeah. Lynn Bias and what else else? What if Brandon Roy, if Brandon Roy had stayed healthy or what if Jason Williams don't have that motorcycle incident? Mm, yep. That boy was a big, Hey, that's, that's, that's my class right there. Dude's cold man. Yeah, Jay Will was cold, bro. Jay Will who went to Duke. Yeah, He was nice.


He, he, he was that boy. So if he don't have that motorcycle accent, I think he, he would've been special. Huh? He would've been. Yeah. Yeah. Hank gathers Hang, They, hey, Loyola Oun boy, they getting it up and down. I mean, they scored, they scored 1 10, 1 15, 1 20 in college. That's unheard of. Yeah, they what he, he and Bo kibble. No chill. Will, you're starting a street team. What three athletes are you picking a street ball team? What three athletes are you picking Street ball?


Who you picking about Joe? I, I want Ja, I want Jason Williams. I want Jason Williams running the, running the point. Now we talk about street ball just based on his, you talking About white chocolate? Yeah. Yeah. Based on his style of play, his creativity. Let me get, I'ma go, Katie and I need a big, I need a big, I'm gonna go Shaq It. Street ball. Street ball. Yeah.


It's only three people. You still gotta have somebody down there in the paint. You can't have everybody on the, on the perimeter shooting. Man. Men, don't nobody play no big in street ball. Well I just, I'm just, I'm just throwing it out there. I, I shoot up when I play 2K, I got, I got a big man and I got a big man in the paint Say holding it down. Yeah. I missed the a one tour. Man. Man. Hey, hey. It was different back then. Hey, made sauce and skip Skip to my professor. It was before they time, bro. They, yeah. The air up there they used to put on Escalade. Yeah. Yeah.


That stuff was dope back then. David Cruz ain't no show really Nightcap. David, thank you bro. Thank you for your support. Yes sir. Jamal the singer. What's up? Fucking iso and Ocho. If you could go only get your one concert. You get to go to one concert. Yeah. Who you attending? Mj? Big. Oh, MJ Biggie. Marvin, prince Park and Luther. I'm gonna, so you get MJ and Biggie, I guess. Yeah. MJ Biggie, Marvin and Prince Parker Luther Mighty Dog. Hold On. Big Luther or Lil Luther.


Luther. Yep. All of 'em can say, Hey. So you going to m you got MJ and Biggie, you got Marvin and Prince. You got Parker Luther For me? It's out of e it's either mj, biggie, Marvin and Prince. Yeah. That's for me. That's for me. I'm going because I'm gonna be entertained. MJ big for me, MJ Biggie, I, I think I might have to go with Prince. Man. Prince gonna get on that guitar. Hey, he gonna cut. Prince gonna Be on that piano. Piano. Man. Listen, sometimes it snows in April. The beautiful ones Darling Nicky, international level. Oh man. Oh, come on.


Raspberry be Ray. Hey, What's that song? Erotic City? When Doves Cry? Oh nah, he gonna put on the performance now. He, he gonna do his thing Starfish Coffee. Come on man. Hey, you gotta stick. Come The cherry moon And you gotta stick with the combination. Do I lie? You, you heard me? Let's go crazy. Hey, you gotta stick with the combinations he gave because I'm going, I'm going mar I'm going Marvin and Prince. Oh, I'm, I'm going, I'm going.


Marvin and Luther. They ain't with Marvin and Luther. Didn't I just tell you, I just gave you the combinations. I I Don't like the, I don't like his combinations When you can't make up the combination. He said mj, biggie, Marvin, prince Park, Luther, I'm going Marvin and Prince. Hey, who he had? Hey look, hey, who he had with Luther again? Tupac. Tupac up. Hey, how they gonna be in a goddamn man? How you gonna put MJ and Biggie together? Man, listen, So hey Biggie gonna open up. Walk Biggie gonna open up for mj. Everybody on the list gonna open up for MJ and let shit, what the hell you talking about? I heard, I heard MJ put on a real show now. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah.


MJ was a real deal. Boy. Man, print a under the cherry moon, Man. Listen, you ain't said you ain't said the best song. What was the Bestic City? Purple? Purple Rain. Purple Rain. Yeah. Controversy Windy and Lisa Computer Blue gonna stop playing with me. Gonna choke. Matter of fact, hold on. And you talking about, you talking about Southern Southern? You talking about the human jukebox? Man, if you ain't never heard Southern, the human jukebox play Purple Rain, Darling. Nicki, I I had to take, I had to take my glasses off, Joe.


What I was talking about earlier, about HBCU bands. Yeah. That fifth quarter and Southern, the Alcorn State was going at it back and forth and Southern played Purple Rain. So you gotta hit when them like this, when you, when you gotta leave church, you gotta excuse yourself. Yeah, well that's how good, that's how good that shit sound. But oh my God. I was in Miami at the Super Bowl when Prince performed and he playing Purple Rain in the rain. It starts to rain, it started raining, it starts to rain. Oh my God. I was there. I'm, I'm literally look at that black dude. I'm like, boy, that is a God. Ain't no way it's supposed to happen. Ocho, you not supposed to start playing this song.


Yeah. Ain't the damn guitar damn near Big as Heel. He one of the smallest men I've ever seen in my life. Yeah. And, and he, and he had on probably seven inch heels, But Born, he put on performance. Then he Joe. Yeah. One of my biggest regrets, his last time he performed, he was coming to Atlanta and You know, prince didn't believe in all that Ticketmaster stuff. He had like, okay, you could only buy like two tickets, but when you had to show up with the credit card that you were using. Yeah. Yeah. So the ticket was like $200. I was like, You know what, somebody scaffold, man, the ticket was $200 a day. Ended up selling people selling for 2000, $3,000.


I said, nah, I'm gonna catch him another time. Damn. A week later. Mm, he passed. Mm. Never got a chance to see him. They said that joke put on a show. Yeah, man, listen, the closest thing we got to Prince, the closest thing we have to MJ right now is far as stage practice and actually giving you a money's worth, worth of performance. Obviously Beyonce, Chris Brown and Bruno Mars. Hey you Joe. Have you ever seen Bruno Mars? I ain't seen. I ain't Seen. Hey. Oh my God, man, listen man. Yeah. I don't care if the ticket is what, a thousand dollars. You going to get a thousand dollars worth of entertainment perform.


When he got, he got the re residency out there in Vegas. I think he had in that MG. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know if he's still there, but I I had it. He might not be worth Ash button to look it up. Oh, I saw him twice. I saw him like he was at the, he performed at the Super Bowl in New York. Yeah. And I had an appearance and I got to see Go into your rehearse. Yeah. Do rehearsals, but I also went to a PepsiCo event in DA and in in with it Houston. And he performed. Yeah, bro. Hey, well Bruno, the real deal boy. Yeah. Let me know. Matter of fact, let me add Usher to that as well. Oh yeah, for sure. Lemme add, lemme add Usher to that as well. I thought DM gm. Yeah, That Guy, but Oh yeah, I, I'll definitely go see Bruno again.


He, he unbelievable. Because like I said, he could sing, he can dance, he can play instruments. And that's what set, that's what set Prince apart. Because Prince can play all the instruments, play Multiple instruments. Yeah. And think about how many people he done wrote for. Mm. Legend. Yeah. Man Time. He wrote for Apollonia. What's the mother, what's, what's the other girls he had wrote for Win and Lisa Andre, Simone O Carney wrote nothing.


No one compared to you. He wrote that for her because we had, you remember when they was having verses and they had this thing MJ or Prince? Yeah. MJ or Prince Woo and no, and another verse is touching It ain't nothing touching. No. Not, not even close. Nothing. Not even close. Nothing could touch that. And I don't care who, I mean, you take 20 songs, now you take 20. Yeah. It would've been a vibe, man. Go Neck. Neck and Neck. It Would've been a vibe. That would've been a vibe for real. I mean, look, they, there were some good ones, man. I really, You know who I really loved?


Or Earth Wind Fire and the Isley Brothers. Oh, what That thing was nice. Yeah. What? That thing was nice because I, Hey, anytime Earth, wind and Fire somewhere and I'm close. I'm going. You gone? I've seen them about five times. Oh yeah. Oh, oh, they, they put it down. Hauling Oaks. I'm going in D Ire, I going. Yeah. Oh yeah. I'm about to, I I'd like to sit down Chastain Joe. Yeah, your boy with a regular Chastain. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You bring the food. That's my neck of the woods over here, huh? Yeah. Seal. Yeah. I tell you if Seal you go see him. Mocho. He's a good one. He's a good one. He's a good one. Well, he turned it out. Yeah. Turned it out.


Remy. Han. Oh, Zel the old. I said, I'm not old. You know, they sit down and they say I, I'm not, You know, I ain't, You know, beat hand banging like the music. I can't do all that. Just throw down, just slow it down and sink for you, boy. Yeah. That's what I, that's what I want. They ain't give you none that nowadays on it is old with it. Nah, Michelle and Dig cello. I done seen her about seven, eight times. Yeah. How I got, I gotta see. But that's my girl. Y'all know? That's my girl now. Yeah. She's, I'm waiting for Sade. I, I really wanna see Sade too. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


Each subscriber counts you matter. Thank you guys for the support. Hopefully you'll give us your continued support. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite on Shannon Sharpe. My partner, co-host. I don't know who called that man. Ocho Stinko. Thank, he's a pro bowler, he's an all pro. He's a Liberty City. Legend. BA Ring of Fame artery. Chad Ochocinco Johnson, AKA Epic, and all the way from Arkansas. You from Little Rock. Little Rock, Arkansas. Born and raised Baby Little Rock. Yeah. Ooh, I remember that. That documentary y'all had on, on about Little Rock. I don't know, but but they crazy out there, boy.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Y'all be on with Joe. I I'm good. When was that? That was 30 years ago. 30 years. Yeah. Nah, that was 30 years ago. That and I had the only time Arkansas. I've been to Bentonville. I went down to Walmart. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Thank you Joe for joining us. Joe would be joining us throughout the entirety of the playoffs to talk all things basketball. Great edition. Thank you for joining us Joe. Make sure you check out Shade by La Portier. We do have it in stock now. If you can't find it in a city or state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to your door with the premium best premium VSOP on the market. Hey, we got the taste and we got the medals to back it up. So thank you for your support. Again, please drink responsible and stay safe.


Check out my media company page on all of his platforms. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pinned in the chat supplies unlimited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work Tour are on sale. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, Los Angeles, Miami, NYC, Chicago and Detroit are our eight stops. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. The link is pinned in the chat. Our guest lineup is looking crazy. Guys, you don't wanna miss out on this one. So if we're coming to a city near you, make sure you check out UNC and Ocho. Go grab your tickets. Now Rockets beat the, the Rockets.


No, excuse me, take that back. The Warriors beat the Rockets in a game seven Buddy Hill. 33 points. 12 or 15 from the field. Nine of 11 from three tied the record for the most threes in a game, seven in NBA history. He was on fire today. And they take down, they move on to face the Minnesota Timberwolves game. One will be Tuesday and the Indiana Pacers opened up the second round of Eastern Semi Conference semifinals with a 1 21 1 12 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. The Cavaliers are the number one seed. They won 64 games. The Pacers had six guys in double figures led by Nihart who had 23. But Tyrese Halliburton was big down the stretch.


22 points, 13 assists and they roll 1 21 to one 12 to take a one oh lead on the road. That concludes Nightcap. I'm Unc, he's Ocho, he iso Joe. See you tomorrow Tuesday. My bad. Damn. I'm gonna get it right one day. I'll see you Tuesday. I'll see you Tuesday. Who knows? I might show up here by myself tomorrow. Thank you guys. All right. The Volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year Degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they eped up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's xper sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og Cool rush for yourself.


And The dream season is now complete. The Golden State Warriors are the 2015 NBA Champions on the new limited podcast series dubbed Dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examined the controversial move that made it possible. It's Never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Camil Ramon at Amela Ortiz and our podcast Banjo is where sports, music and fitness collide, and we cover it all This season we sit down with history makers like the Sukar family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.