
If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus, you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple. Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners Subject to eligibility. Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank USA salt Lake City branch member FDIC terms and more@applecard.com.


Hey, we all love Bacon, right? I mean, who does it And? did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to affect that smoky flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area in the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now and enjoy


What's popping. And Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. you feel good enough to go out there and play, you turn on that switch. no one can stop you for more, check out bows.com.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with a whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champions League match live exclusively on Paramount Plus. Head to Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports and sign up today.


The time for holiday hosting is upon us. So make your second bathroom second to none with Home Depot dot com's. Best savings of the season right now. Enjoy up to 40% off select online bath. Find the latest on trend styles of vanities, faucets, showers, tubs, toilets, and more. All at prices that will let your budget relax right along with you and your beautifully renovated bath. Get up to 40% off select online Bath plus free delivery at The Home Depot. Subject to availability. See home depot.com/delivery for details.


The Volume TD tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five books and get one month free of NFL plus Premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Good evening ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us in the Wheels in the morning as the Dallas Cowboys beat the Pittsburgh Steelers 20 to 17, great throwing catch, great throw by Dak Prescott. Great catch by Jalen Tolbert With 20 plus seconds on the clock as they win, go into Pittsburgh and win 20 to 17. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite. UNC Shannon. Sharpe. He is your favorite. Number 85. His team lost. I want me a quick hun today because I talk and I don't do that. We, we gonna let you talk in a bit. We let you talk in a bit. Want me a quick hun? Because that's what I do. Route runner extraordinary. He's from Liberty City Bengals, ring of Fame Artery, a pro bowler an all pro.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. But You can just call him ocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. And we thank you for counting. Thank you for staying up late with us tonight. We know it's late and yes, I do have first take in the morning, but I got to give you guys what you asked for 90 plus minutes tonight. A recap of today's game. Make sure you go check out Shaa by Laport. Listen, we're about to be in 14 to 16 states by the end of the year. If we're currently not in a state or a city near you, go to the site, order it and we'll ship it directly to your home.


And because we do have it in stock and you will not have the delays that we had before, please go follow my media company's page on all platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The UNC and OCHO ts are back in stock. I repeat the UNC and OCHO ts. These two have some guys on the front and You can also get it with the tour dates on the back or You can get it plain. They are in stock. So thank you. If you've ordered merch within the last three weeks, it began shipping out last week. You should have seen, should have received email confirmation that your order has been shipped. So hopefully over the next Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, all the orders should be filled in place and you should have it in your possession.


Thank you so much for supporting Nightcap. Please go vote for us on Signal Awards. Nightcap was nominated Best Live podcast recording. We have a narrow lead over with New heights and best co-host teams with a, we moved up, we were in fourth, now we're in third. Voting is open through October 17th. Just like the Webbys, you have to create an account and verify with your email. Again, you have to create an account and verify with your email club. Shehe was also nominated for award pop culture and variety. Show best athletes shaping culture and show and the best individual episode. Best guest, Kat Williams. Again, thank you for your support ocho, let's get right into it.


The Cowboys go on the road. Bear a both defensive played really, really well tonight. Yeah, 20 to 17. They won a wild game at the end. Both teams are now three and two. Give Dak Prescott a lot of credit. 29 to 42. 3 52. Two touchdowns. Two interceptions. I say the mark of any great offensive defense. Can you get done what you need to get done when you absolutely, positively have to. Yeah. Dak Prescott got done. That offense got done what they needed to get done. It took 'em forth in gold, but a great throw, a great catch. And they walk away with a 2017 victory. Ocho, what did you like about what you saw from the Cowboys? Listen, when it came to the Cowboys night, I didn't expect, obviously because of the conditions, the rain delay, I'm not sure what cowboys we were gonna get tonight.


From a defensive standpoint, the Cowboys played better defense than they did all year. This is the kind of defense that they, I think if they had played in other games, they would've won Dag Prescott being clutch. Like you said, being clutch. When he has to be clutch, when you gotta make the plays, you say the game of football is all about moments. When the moment arise and he had to get it done, he got it done. Bert had a hell of a game. He had seven catches for 87 yards. And the td, oh this is, I I I don't, I I don't know how to say it. I'm, I'm trying to say it without saying anything wrong. What we saw tonight from the Cowboys is perfect. Now what we don't need after tonight's performance in a hostile environment against a very, very good, very good team and the Steelers, because we don't need, you know, who come and talking about you.


You know what I'm trying to say? I'm trying to, I'm trying not even even jinx it. I don't want him to jinx it. Let Dak do the talking. Oh, Jerry Talking, talking Man. They already got Jerry. They already got Jerry. Jerry before the, before they go into the locker room, they already got Jerry down at the front at the door. Listen, allow, allow that momentum a allow, allow that chemistry allow, allow all that to gel within the team and not how not allow him to come in and interrupt things. Ocho look, congratulations to the Cowboys, but they're not gonna play very many offenses that are as anemic as the Steelers. The offense is anemic Ocho and I told you this is the problem that they have 28 rushes, 26 rushes, 92 yards.


Justin Fields 15 or 27, 1 31 Ocho. Yeah, Ocho, you're not gonna win very many games throwing the ball. 431 in today's NFL. Now once upon a time, Ocho You can win games like that. Like that. Yeah. But it's harder and harder and as good as the Steelers defense is, their front seven is good. Their back end is a little is is is a little inexperienced. And you see they got out position on Jalen Tover ran a shallow cross from one side to the other. Elliot. Like he was unsure bro. Right. You got to get on your horses and beat him to the point. Yeah, Ocho, he was like, do I got him? Damn, I don't, I don't, I don't know what I'm supposed to do. And he like, bro, Ocho, that's gotta be a dead sprint because he's on a shallow cross and you ride it, you gotta realize you going over so you got Ocho.


If he options back, he got me Ocho, he got me, he got me. Okay. Hey, he got me, they game plan me. But you gotta think in that situation, the problem not gonna run the option because you don't wanna run the chance of getting Dak hit in the back of the head. 'cause you don't know if they're coming with pressure or not. So more times than not is gonna be on the dead run. Elliot seemed unsure of himself, like, ah, do I got him or not? And he wasn't booking it like he was supposed to book it. But I wanna give Dak credit though, because Dak I thought played a well of a game. TJ Watt and what's the other, the other linebacker ing? Who is it? Yeah, he Herbie what?


How to pronounce it? Is it Hubing or Herbie? But anyway, they were, they were constantly in the backfield pressuring back. But that last drive showed me a lot. It showed me a lot. I think the biggest thing that helped Jalen Tolbert is that CD Lamb was out, right? The training camp. And he got those reps. Reps. He looks like a different receiver from last year to this year. And sometimes all it takes is a guy getting reps to get his confidence like, yeah, I do belong. Yes, I'm supposed to be here and I can make plays. If you look at him now, compared to where he was last year, Ocho, he looks like a different receiver. He, you know what the good thing is, is that's not only a good thing for Justin Tolbert, but that's a good thing for Dak.


Yeah. If not that he won't second guess himself when he know, you know what, I can't, I can't, I can't go to see the lamb on this. Who are my other reliable targets I can count on to make a play when I need a play to be made. Yeah. And Tober showed that tonight and that, and listen stuff like that, that's always in your quarterback head. That's always in your quarterback head. So now he won't hesitate. He won't hesitate to come to you next time. We know a play needs to be made. Dowdell played well. He ran the ball, 20 rushes 87 yards, had a great touchdown catch. Dak did a great job of throwing the ball. But the biggest player of the night was Dak jumping on that Fumble. Fumble. Yeah. Landon Roberts did a great job. Put his helmet right on the football. That could have ended up badly Ocho that could have ended up real, real badly.


We seen plays like that happen before. But give that credit. Didn't try to do anything spectacular. Let me just get on this football. We got another down. Let's see what we can get done. Yeah. And give him credit. But the Steeler's gonna have to open Ocho. You can't play it close to the vest. You can't play it close to the vest like that. And hope at the end your defense hangs on. So what, what you saying? They're have to open up the offense. 15. You not, you're not ocho you're not gonna win very many football games with 200, with 225 total yards. You know who they could open up the offense with? Who?


Russell Wilson. Oh. Kinda like with the Broncos. Open it up with Bo Nicks. Oh nevermind. But we'll talk about that a little later. We're gonna talk about that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You see the Bronco 34 straight on the Raiders hadn't beat the Raiders since 2019. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. We talk about the Raiders now. Come on. Don't don't do that. I Thought you, you said they play football. That's what you tell me all the time when I be saying that. Come on, hold on. NL Hold, hold, hold. So they don't Football. Hold on. You got, you got you got a little bit too much dip on your chip now I'm just saying. So they don't play foot. So Oakland don't play NFL football. I mean, excuse me, Vegas. They they do, they do. But you know, they going through some some things right now, you know, you know they going through some things right now.


So I i I really wouldn't really wouldn't get too hyped and, and and confident about, about, about Winning. Well I would get hyped because I know somebody got a better record than you know who, but we not talking about that. We gonna get to that a little later. Whatcha talking about the Cowboys three and two? Now they're three and 20, 20 17 over the Pittsburgh Steelers. They go on the road Sunday night football and they win a hard fought ball game. And now I think they come home to Detroit. I think their next game is against the Lions. A team that can run it. Wait, The Cowboys So at home Yes. Against the Lions. That's gonna be, that's gonna be, that's gonna be a challenge. Yeah. That's It Gonna be a difficult challenge, especially on defense.


Well, you gotta you gotta be solid. You gotta be solid in the run game then you gotta be on point in the pass game. They gonna test, they gonna test you all game and all three phases of the game. The lions are, the lions are nice. They do a great job. Obviously. You say the one two punch with Montgomery and, and Gibbs running the football, but they stress you horizontally and vertically because Jamon Williams can get down the field in a hurry. Yeah. And now they got those, now they got those horizontal Maise Brown. Right. And they got other guys that can get the ball. They signed Tim Patrick, who's doing well, LA Porter. So yeah, they're very, they are very vast offense that can do a lot of different things. They're not a play, they're not afraid to take their chances down the field.


They're not a afraid to open up their playbook. This is gonna be a a, a very big test for the Cowboys. But it's all go also gonna be a test for the, the, the Lion's defense because the Lion's defense is a little on the back end. Ocho, they can get a little shaky too at times. Yeah. So it's gonna be very interesting to see how this thing plays out. But give the cowboy credit. They go on the road, get a hard fought victory 2017 over the Pittsburgh Steelers, Cowboys next six games at home against the Lions at 49 ERs at Falcons at home against the Eagles at home, against the Texans at Washington. Hey, that next four or five boy that, that's a gauntlet. That could be a make or break for them.


The lions, they then they got Saturday night, then they got Sunday night against the, against the 49 ERs. The at Falcons, they got Eagles, they got the Monday night. Looks like it's a Monday night game against the Texans. Right. And then they got the commanders who's playing exceptionally well. So very well Cowboys get a a mu get a win. They needed it. Now they're three and two. Pittsburgh fall to three and two. And a tie with the Ravens. The Ravens beat the Bengals in overtime. 41 38. Lamar Jackson spearheaded the comeback double digits multiple times in the fourth quarter. But Lamar Jackson would not let this team lose. Lamar picked apart the banged up bingo secondary to the tune of 348 yards.


He also had passed for four touchdowns and he rushed for 55 yards in the first five period of the game. The Ravens put up 520 yards on 31st down. They needed every one of the big division win after the game. Burrough said it was frustrating that a team that started the year with title aspirations is nowhere close. We're not a championship level team right now. We're not. I like to think that we'll come back and prove throughout the season to get to that point, but right now we're not. We have to get it together. Ocho do you wanna play change your playoff prediction? No. No. Not at all. Not at all. Listen, we, we in a hole, UNC, but we in a hole. I, I feel bad as a Bengal fan. As a Bengal player, as a former player, the game was good though offensively the game was good.


It was good to see that offense looked like it should have looked starting in week one. It was good to see that Bengals offense. Look how they look, how they always look by the time they get a week three and so on. Defense still, still a little shaky. Still a little shaky. A little shaky. Well, I mean, we, we shaky. Shaky. We shaky, shaky. I don't, I don't know what the, I don't know what the statistics or the stats are, but we might be, when it comes to stopping the run or in the past, we might be damn near at the bottom half of the league, at the bottom half of the league in both of those categories. But from an offensive standpoint, what you saw from t Higgins today, what you saw from Yoshi, what you saw from, from goddamn Jamar Chase, who's showing you, that's why you pay him.


Even if he has two years on his contract, I can take the ball, I can take small smoke screens and take him 77 yards. Yep. I can go deep. I can do everything no matter where we at. Just put the ball in, in those hands. Then we get the overtime. When we get to overtime, you have a $250 million fucking quarterback. That's not the time to play conservative. You put the ball in your $250 million quarterback's hands and allow him to win you the game when it matters most. Like you said, the game of four all is all about moments in a moment like that, in a game that you need to win an important division game.


You allow your $250 million quarterback to earn that goddamn damn check. Whoa, whoa. Hit on all game. On all game. Y'all never kidding me. We've been all game. We've been very successful. We dishing, we dishing, we dunking, we doing everything. But all of a sudden when it matters, most everybody ass got tight. You run the ball three times in a row. Hold on. Now you run the ball three times in a row. Right? And you put the pressure on McPherson to make it 50 yard field goal. When you get to just ran a normal offense, you've been running all game that's been working all game. Open up your playbook, you got your quarterback.


Come on man. I were hot. Why are we conservative? And we supposed to be trying to win the game. You already won three. Throw the kids at the motherfuckers man. Damn. I thought you feeling run your offense. Oh, okay. Golly. I'm looking at some of the goddamn stats. Huh? Hey, touchdown passes. Joe Burrow 12. He leading the NFL pass, the rating. Joe Burrow first 113.8. He leading FNFL in completion percentage. Joe Burrow 72.2%. He's second pass yards. 1370. He's third 40 plus completions yardage.


He's tied for first. So what is that telling you? What does that telling you? Just based off the stats on what he doing at the quarterback position, despite it not reflecting what the record may show. When he has the ball in his hands, he's getting it done. From a quarterback perspective, it just not enough because we motherfucking won a four. But again, in overtime, what do we do? We take the ball out the man's hands and we give it to the running back three times. First down, second down, third down. Are we not trying to win the game? Are we running the ball? Why play conservative in that? Come on man. Give at least give us a chance. At least, at least, at least give us a chance.


I mean we, we paid him that kind of money for a reason. Can I ask you a question? What role did that interception play in the Ravens getting back into this ball game and getting into overtime? It, it, It, it, it, it played, it played a big role. It played a big role. Are we, are we gonna glo That? Listen, I'm, when you, when you say something, I'm with you. When you Right. Okay, Lemme ask you a question. I'm with you. When you Right. You can, you can't make those kind of mistakes. You can't make those kind of costly mistakes. And the fact that they made that mistake, I think that's another reason why they took the ball outta his hands and ran the goddamn ball of overtime to make sure the mistake didn't happen again. What, what? Why did, so why, why? I just wanna know why bingo fans mad at me because I point things out.


Oh. Oh, okay, okay, okay. Okay. I just wanna, why y'all mad at me? Oh, He got five touchdowns. He okay, Ocho you know, your defense currently is not playing very good. The last thing You can do is turn that ball over. Right? You can't do that. So now keep moving it, keep moving the ball down the field. Even if you sell a field set for a field goal, now they need a touchdown to beat you as opposed to a field goal to tie you Right. Five touchdowns. Yes, he's playing well. Last the difference is, what are you gonna blame Joe Burrow? Last week he settled for, he settled for field goals.


He got two field goals before he got those three touchdowns. The Washington commanders got touchdowns When he was getting field goals, they were getting touchdowns, right? That's the difference. Okay. They had two double digit leads in the fourth quarter. At one point in time the score was 24 to 10. 24 14. Lemme take that back. 24 14. 24 14, right? Because the Raven was 14, nine. They got a touchdown to what? Yes, it was 24, 14 in the fourth. And Lamar Jackson went into that phone booth, changed into that cake and became Superman again at some point in time. Ocho it's not about at, at the, you, you could look at the numbers.


We used to kill Peyton. Peyton had Gotti numbers every year and everybody would say stats are for losers because Tom Brady would throw for 200 yards and win the ball game. Peyton have 300. Peyton would play a team he'd throw for three, 400 yards. They lose. Stats are for losers. But it's funny how it changed. If we like somebody, Joe Burr is a very likable guy. I I've met him a couple of times. He's great. He's a great young man. Yeah. But at the end of the day, Ocho, you know what it comes down to? You can't make those kinds of mistakes that he made knowing that my defense is not very good currently. Right? Because think about it.


If they're going up and down the field driving seven and 80 are what the hell you think you gonna do? If you put them on a short field, they gonna get the ball to the end zone. Yeah, they got very conservative. He scared them. Zach Taylor got scared. He turned up all over late in the fourth quarter, they tied the ball game. And now in instead of ocho instead of like going offense, they pulled the reins back. But you can't do that though. No. I, I Agree. Listen, from a, from a coaching standpoint, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm in no position 'cause I ain't no goddamn coach. All I do is play goddamn Madden. But from the outside looking and, and understanding how we're doing as a team, collectively understand how our defense is not really playing well.


No, they're not. They're Not really playing well. They're not playing well against the run. They're not playing well against the pass. Who do I put the ball? Who do I Put Joe put it in his hand. He's your he put it In his hand. Even even even with the mistake. Even with the mistake of the turnover in the fourth quarter, you have no choice. There's a reason we paid him the money. We paid him. Correct. Because in times like that, in moments like this, when we need a win, you put it in his hands. The offense had been looking good all goddamn day. Just run your regular offense. I you can't, you can't pull the reins and then have your ass tight when it matters most because that gets you beat. It Does. That got us beat. Even with the, even with the pick, we had the opportunity to win the game.


I mean Joe was 30 or 39, 3 92 5 touchdowns. He normally plays well against the Ravens. I think he has a 500 yard pass a day. He has a 400 something yard pass a day. So he normally plays well. But in that situation, in your running game, OCHO 23 for 71, you really haven't. Now I'm not saying it's not gonna get better, but as of right now, you haven't replaced Joe Mixer what he gave you in the run game. You had a couple of false starts that set you back behind the eight ball. Kill some of your momentum. But you just gotta find a way to win these games. T and and and and Chase were unbelievable. They had 276 yards combined on 19.


They had 16 Target. No, they had 1226 targets. Yeah. 19 catches. 2 76 and four touchdowns. Well your star guys skilled position players. Yeah, they did what they're supposed to be. They did what they were supposed to do. They did the thing. Sometimes it comes down to one play an interception. Yeah. Now 'cause you probably, you might have could have run the clock out. 'cause the one thing I don't want have happen with the way I see Lamar Jackson playing, I don't wanna give the ball back ocho. Oh no, absolutely. I don't wanna give it back to her. It's the guy Lamar Jackson, Joe Burrow. Patrick Mahomes. Guys like that. Okay, hold up man. They man, damn they done came back. They only one score down.


We can't give him that ball back. He gonna find a way. Now, first of all, you guy, that was a face mask on J on Andrew's. You got face mask mojo and the referee standing right. The standing right there side judging and didn't call it. He didn't, He came, he came up off of it fast now I think it was. I thought that dude, I think PR it was Prep making a tackle, huh? Yeah. Yeah, He was, he was making the tackle. Andrews is screaming. Andrew's got the ball in one head jump. But he face mask me, he face mask me. But it was, it was a very exciting game. This is what, you know the shoot out the A FC North. We don't normally get games like this. It's normally a black and blue division. Right. It's normally more physical.


But when you got these type of quarterbacks, Ocho, and I don't wanna pat myself on the back, but what did I tell the Ravens how to use Derrick Henry. And over time you tell, tell the people at home what and over time what they did. Either shoot him downhill, shoot him downhill, straight downhill, a gap, B gap. Or just toss it to him with a full back in front. Put him in the eye. Put it, yeah, Put him in the eye. You, that's exactly what they did. Not on that goddamn tall sweep.


Are you ready to have your bacon loving Mind blown? Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that in a perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed. You can get a full night's sleep. Hell you could wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar, Meyer bacon, and then dry to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smoked them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy you won't be disappointed.


Hey There, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through November 5th. Earn four times rewards points when you buy items from your favorite brands. Shop for items like Pampers, swirlers diapers, VIX Vapo, cool native shampoo, crest toothpaste, native deodorant or Swiffer power mop and earn four times rewards points. You can then redeem your points for discounts on gas or groceries on your future purchases. Hurry in before these deals are gone. Offer ends November 5th. Promotions may vary. Restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com. For more details.


Hello, it is Ryan. And we could all use an extra bright spot in our day, couldn't we? Just to make up for things like sitting in traffic, doing the dishes, counting your steps, you know, all the mundane stuff. That is why I am such a big fan of Chumba Casino. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino style games that You can play for free anytime, anywhere with daily bonuses. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


October is cybersecurity awareness month and LifeLock is here to elevate your protection game using the same simple password across all your accounts that's risky. While updating your passwords to be more unique is a good start. True peace of mind comes with LifeLock. LifeLock doesn't just alert you to suspicious activity, but monitors For more uses of your personal info and we'll fix identity theft issues that arise, guaranteed or your money back. Secure your identity today with a 30 day free trial at lifelock.com/cybersafety terms apply.


This is an ad from BetterHelp. Unfortunately, humans don't come with an owner's manual. There are no simple instructions for what to do when you're feeling down or having relationship problems or family conflict. That's when therapy can help. And BetterHelp is a convenient way to get started. It's 100% online, flexible and surprisingly affordable. Connect with a licensed therapist by phone, video, or online chat at a time that works for you. Visit BetterHelp dot com to learn more. That's better. HE p.com.


Derrick Henry is a long strider. Yeah, you put him in the offset. He's four yards from the line of scrimmage. He doesn't get a chance to adequately read it. His heels need to be at eight yards. Put that ard Rashard Ricard who weighs 300 pounds as a fullback. Put him in front of him and say, son, pick your hole. Oh yeah. And he go and soon as they put him in the offset the first place they line his ass up in the eye, the second place off to the races he go, it's not that and I get it, I get it because Lamar works best, works best with the offset the own read scheme. He needs that threat. Right. He wants that threat.


I get it. But if to maximize both of them because with the toss and the fake handoff, when Heath in that eye, guys gonna be wide open. Guys are gonna be wide open. But it was Lamar played, Lamar can't play any better than what he played. 26 or 42. 3 48, 4 touchdowns. Only one sat and the play that won to live likely. Yeah. That was a nice boy. I think the one that he fumbled Ocho because the clock was running down. Now I don't know if he thought they was gonna call a timeout or he wanted to get one more look at the defense. Yeah, yeah, because they snapped the ball.


The ball hit him in the chest. In the chest. It, it went right through his hands a little bit. Right Through his hands. He wasn't ready. Ready. I Don't, maybe he was trying to get one last peek at the defense. Ocho was like, okay, yeah, I think this is what they gonna do right here. Or maybe he didn't anticipate it because the last thing you wanna do is take a delay a game right there, Ocho back yourself up five yards. And it looked like he went in looking to pick it up like he did the likely play earlier. Remember he followed that one. He reached in, picked It up. That was nice. That was nice. Boom. But they dodged the bullet because he probably would've like, man, he was the probably like, that's on me. I I, I gotta, I gotta be prepared. I'm calling for the snap. I gotta be prepared for the snap.


But fortunately for them, they dodged the bullet. Joe Bur I Lamar du Joe Burrow. If You can say that Joe Burrow 30 of 39 3 9 2 5 touchdown. The one costly turnover they scored 38. Lamar Jackson, 26 of 42 3 48, 4 touchdown, clean game. Well he had the turnover, so I'm sure they're gonna attribute that turnover to him. Za flowers, seven for one 11. Kohler played well today. Bateman played well today. Andrews this is the best. An Mark Andrews' look since he returned from that broken ankle Ocho. Right. Likely as likely he's gonna make his plays. He could start for a lot of different teams. And King Henry, king Henry's King Henry, Damn man.


Big one. You, oh, Joe 11 carries for 30 yards in in regulation. What that man's supposed to do with that. He's not, hold on. He's not one of those backs. He's a back that the more you give him the ball, the heart, he's like a diesel engine. The longer he runs, the cooler it gets. So the more you give Derrick Henry the ball. Yeah. Now I'm starting to get warm. He don't feel warm till the 15th carry. Yeah. When he did 15 carry what he do the 15th carry o joke. Damn near went to the house. Yeah. Yeah. We, we, we played, we played the run really well. We played, we played played the run really, really well. I think that's why, you know, from a, from a, from a passing standpoint, why Lamar looks so good because he actually can, he can pass the fact that you have Derrick Henry, it just adds an additional threat to that offense outside of just not Lamar's legs, but to his arm.


To his arm as well. So I mean they, they're in no means are they one dimensional. But Lamar did play a damn near, damn near almost perfect game outside of that one fumble that hit his chest. And actually we should have, we, when it comes to us for some reason, we always bangle. No, y'all got no, remember Huntley, remember Huntley in the playoffs? The guy picked it up and we Yeah, the school score. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Because he tried to go over the top. It got punched out and your guy ready all the way back. So y'all Yeah, you all right. You right. Y'all don't normally, but y'all don't normally botch those that would normally goes to the house. But give Lamar, he scrambled around, hit the guy, gave his offensive lineman enough time to get back there and recover and make the tackle because that would've been the ball game because obviously that's overtime.


And so walk off any score ends the ball game. After rushing for 175 yards against the Bengals, the Ravens have out rushed their opponent by at least a hundred yards in all five games this season. That's the longest such streak by any team to start a season since 1933 when yardage was fully tracked, they have now out rushed their opponents by 754 yards out. Rushed them. I ain't say out, out gained them in total yards. They out, out rushed them. Yeah. That's crazy. Hey, but that, that, that wouldn't hurt though, man.


That, that would hurt Aren. Hey Ravens fan. Aren't y'all glad Jerry couldn't find no money for King Henry? Damn man. Hey, at, at 1 0 4 it's, it's, it's, it's never been done before. What? But if, if, I mean, at 1 0 4 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Please make oh four. Do you, do you say, do you Say playoffs? Huh? Huh? You say playoffs is is off the table because our next two game No, No, no, no, no. Because they take seven teams. Yeah. Listen, we got, we got the Giants snakes and we got the Browns. Now to me, and this is no disrespect to those organizations, what they have going on, the Giants, they won the day against the Seahawks win Rolling dating.


I'm, I'm assuming it's a, it's a, it's a possible win. The Browns really not playing well, but again, it is a division opponent, you know each other very well. So those games most of the time are close and really are in blowouts. So I'm, I'm hoping, you know, those are two wins that we can get and get us to, you know, a better record than where we're, than we're at now. Hopefully we're three and four, you know, after, after the, after seven games. So, man, it's tough man. Yeah. O Joe who talks more of Trash Bengals players or the fans. Because remember Brett was talking, chase said, we everybody know we're the team to be. Nobody goes into the season and the a FC thinking the Bengals or the team to be.


Right. Let's take a listen at this video. Beat your ass tomorrow. Her fault. It's her fault. Her fault. What Team gonna beat us? The bingo. See Y'all. Who that was? I don't know who that was. That's some fan Now she, she a little tipsy. Got her hands all on the man. You see how y'all behave. Listen, one thing, you gotta believe in your team, just like you believe in the Broncos. You gonna, you gonna, you gonna talk your fans.


We put my hands all on the players that play for the, for the opposing team tell like, yeah, we gonna beat y and we gonna beat y'all. Listen, you, you know that song that, that, that's called, that's called Sportsmanship. That Ain't called a sportsmanship. Sportsmanship to yourself. Huh? Keep your hands to yourself, Dan. That was a good game, man. I'm, I'm what man? How I get all that? When you gonna run me My Hyundai? Huh? I Cash app. I ca I Cash app You right now. What? I got no app. You got Cash App. Ash. Ash. Got it, got it. Send the money. We'll you off the line. We'll give you the money. Jordan, give it to me. Alright. I got, But I knew money outta sight calls a fight every time.


Listen, ain't ain't gonna be no fighting. I'm say I'm saving these hands for one person in particular, you know, a former Steeler, so I'm, oh Man. Yeah. I'm, I'm waiting on that Man. Aren't your man, y'all, y'all gotta get it together, aren't you? Yeah man. Hey listen, I mean, listen, I watched football and I love it 'cause I'm invested into it as far as, you know, enjoying it. When we ran that ball on first down and then we came back again and ran it on second down. Yeah. I sat, I sat back in my chair. I say, I know, I know we not doing this. I know we not doing this and making a mistake and putting all the pressure on McPherson to kick a 50 yard field goal.


You mean me not gonna run our off offense just to make the field goal a little bit more feasible? Yeah. Even though he has a good, even though he has a good leg, he has a strong leg. He's fic efficient from 50 yards and plus out. Why make it that much more diff difficult for him? And lo and behold That, but that wasn't even close. Don't, Joe, that wasn't even close. Wait, The the placeholder dropped the ball. He Did. He dropped. How you nervous? That's your only, I ain't gonna say nothing. I ain't gonna say nothing but you right. You right. That's what we gonna do. No, that's what y'all did. Ain't what y'all gonna do. That's what y'all did.


Ran it. Yeah. Three straight times. Is it if, if if, if I, I'm, I'm not a reporter. I'm not a reporter, but from the outside looking in as a, a concern, not just former player but as a concerned fan in situations like that, you have to put your trust in your quarterback. Even with the mistake that happened in the fourth quarter. I agree. You're paying that kind of money for a reason. Yep. Run, run the office. We've been running that entire game. Even in overtime. Even in overtime. You got to put the ball in trust in Joe's hands in that situation. I guarantee we come out with that win. Hey Ravens, y'all wanna send me a small donation for recommending how y'all should use Derrick Henry.


I accept all I accept Bitcoins, US regulation, coins, pennies, dime, nickels, quarters, Kennedy half dollars, silver dollars, and Susan B. Anthony dollars. So any of the denomination will work for me.


Ocho, now it's time for our next segment. Gas on Grass. Brought to you by our friends at Scott's Lawn Care. Bet you didn't know, fall is the perfect time to feed your lawn. Give your lawn a boost with Scott's Turf Builder Winter Guard recover from the summer prep for the winter Scott's winter guard. Push your grass on the road to a recovery from damage caused by summer heat. Feed your lawn Scott's turf. Build a guard this fall to build strong deep grassroots for a better lawn Next spring, repair repairs from summer fun strengthens for the winter. Prepare for spring. Secure for fall fun for you. Pick up a bag of Scot's Turf builder Winter guard today. Feed your lawn. Feed it.


Today's most electric touchdown play of the day came deep in the fourth quarter and it, your courtesy, we can't show it because we not paying $2 million to show you this video. Lamar Jackson bobbled the snap, he stiff armed Sam Hubbard. Not once, but twice. As he's running, rolling off balance, falling out of bound, he discarded a a pass rusher, took a a a shot to the face, extended a play, and threw a touchdown pass to Isaiah. Likely how Lamar how you saw it, you saw Jack. Listen, I I tweeted it too. I say I tweeted it too when the game was going. I said, well God damnit Lamar just won't go away.


That young bull is unbelievable. Oh, I've been watching Lamas. He was there. Boyton Beach High School. I used to go watch. I used to go and watch just to see like, he, he, he was a superstar. He was a superstar back then. What'd he doing in NFL Now? I've been seeing that before. He even gotta to Louisville. He was doing the same thing at Boy Beach. Boy, he, he a real deal man. I just man that, that that hurt man. Respect that we had an opportunity. We had it right here. It was, it was, it was, it was in our hands. And I was at Twin Peaks that, you know, I I watched the football game to Twin Peak 'cause they put on multiple TVs for the one o'clock games. Yeah. At once. So I, you know, so I can enjoy 'em. Right. There was a table of Ravens fans that sat, that sat adjacent to me to where I was sitting, you know, about two, three tables over.


And every time we made a play, you know, I look on down there, I look on down there. I ain't talking no trash now I ain't talking no trash because I, I ain't wanna put my foot in my mouth. And we, when we, we covered that fumble, we covered that fumble in overtime. I told the waitress, I was like, miss You can put this, this coke with no ice. You can gimme a to-go cup. A styrofoam cup. Right before the kicked the bar, I went over to this section and I sat there and I just smiled. I ain't even say nothing. I just smiled. 'cause we finna get this kick and we finna win. Oh, when that goddamn place over bobbled that snap and it got and all them Raven fans went crazy.


I would hurt. Yeah. I, I I I that, that, that, that, that hurt. That Hurt because you know, the momentum swung. You guys had the momentum after Lamar f the ball in overtime. Now you guys got the momentum heartbreaker moving on. Texans overcome, cuss and escaped on the last second field goal. A 59 yard field goal as time expired, beating the Buffalo Bills 23 to 20. Houston got off to a hard start sprinting to a 14 three first quarter lead 67 yard bond from CJ Stride to Nico Collins. But Nico suffered a hamstring injury and missed the rest of the game without the big play. Target stride offense struggle with consistency for the rest of the game.


The offense put up 425 yards, but only nine points in the final three quarters. It says a lot that Dko Ryan Clubs haven't played a complete game, but it's still four in one Sunday. Marks the worst passing day of Josh Allen's career. He completed nine nine of 30 passes for 131 yards in a touchdown. The 30% completion rate was a career low for a star quarterback and the lowest percentage in a game with at least 30 attempts in the past 30 seasons. Alan has never had a sub 40 rate before today. Here's Stefan Digg on what it meant to get the win over his former team. The build, Honestly it meant a lot too.


Held it in all week energy wise turned out to bring it up too much. Obviously we had an interview earlier week. I just tried to keep it professional, but obviously in the back of my mind it meant a lot to me and I wanted to do more showing than telling. You know, I played with a lot of passion and a lot of love. I can't, I can't say I didn't think about this game when I got traded. You know, I wondered if we played him and then obviously it was on his schedule, but I take it one game at a time. And I knew when this game came about, I was just trying to take advantage and get a win from my team. But obviously it's emotional. I can play with a lot of emotions. I'm emotional. Josh Ella was god awful.


Ain't no ocho ain't no way around it. If anybody else, that's what, if any quarterback, regardless of of it being anybody, but anybody have nine of 30 or 131 yards, we ripple and they had a chance to win. They had a chance. They was in the game. Mojo. Yeah. They, they had he Had he done anything, had he done anything to win this game? Mocho, they got the rush yard, 28 rushes 150 yards. Check, check. Wasn't the game outta hand at one point? Wasn't it 24 10? Yeah. Wasn't wasn't 24 10 at one point. Yeah. And they couldn't get one more field goal or one more touchdown to extend that lead.


And again, when it comes to having the right weapons around you, and you don't have to be motherfucking Superman when you don't have to be sup Superman. He has to. Josh Allen has to put his cape on. Josh Allen has to do everything. Oh, we don't need Stefan Diggs again. The number, the number, The numbers one reception, The numbers look like that for a reason. Now Target Different. When you don't have a reliable target, You can go to and count on every time you get under center, whether you're shotgun or whether you under center. You know what come hella hot water, who can I count on every time? Who can I bet on every time.


If you think about it, Ocho, they lost Gabe Davis. Yeah. And they lost digs there. Two starting wide receivers. So basically they, the only guy Shaki was the slot guy King. He was out. Yeah. King Cole Is coming on. Huh? Keon Coleman. Is he coming on? He's he's, he's not there yet. But he's going to be, he can be that, that reliable target. He can be that security banker for Josh Allen. Yeah. But a little bit more consistency. They got to integrate him into the goddamn offense more. Man. Yeah, you got, you got you. You gotta integrate him into the offense. I I don't know. I don't know what they doing over there, but it look good when they look good, when They don't see what they're doing over there either.


But Josh has to play better. See, the thing is we don't need him to be historic, but he can't be historically bad either. Bad. Yeah. Let us think in now think about how bad he was and they only lost by walk. They took a 59 yard field goal to beat him. So they have enough, they have enough talent, don't you? They do. They have enough talent. But if he plays like that, Yeah, They're not gonna beat anybody. And he can't, he can't. He can't. He can't. He can't, he can't play like that. He can't, he didn't turn it over. Yeah, he had some big runs, but you know, he got tremendous legs. He's a big man.


Once he gets ahead of steam, it's hard to get him down. Yeah. But they got, they gotta be better. They gotta be better. It's, it's really, it's really that simple. CJ 28 to 36, 3 31 1 touchdown, one inception Cal Makers nine for 42. og OG was 15 or 30. Hello? No, that was, that was the other game. We'll get to that. CJ had three for 27. But like you said, once Nico went out, now all of a sudden the big plays to be able to push the ball down the field, down field. We gonna let y'all work all that underneath stuff.


Because now here's the thing, once you get into the red zone, you what? You gonna run out the back of the end zone? The fields get hard, gets condensed and condensed. It gets harder and harder to score. Red Zone is not an easy place to score. People like, oh man, you in the red zone, bro. Where you going? Right. They know you're not finna run no nine. Where you gonna run it? Damn man, it, listen, the T pulled it out. The T pulled it out. C they c they played. Okay. He, he played okay. It, it wasn't a normal game that we're used to seeing from him. I don't like the fact that the offense stalled damn near the entirety of the game after what, maybe, maybe the second or third quarter.


You know, they weren't able to put up, put up the points, but they did move the ball just enough, you know, to be able to win the game. Yeah. They set a field goal though, Joe. They was what? They had 14 points early the first quarter. Yeah. And then they got, got nine over the last three quarters. Great. Yeah, But Somebody tell Nico Collins holler at me. The The Vik beat the Jets in London. The Vikings will enter their bi-week undefeated Sam Donalds five and oh Ocho. Do the Viking sign him to a long-term bill at a discount or, or they wait for JJ to come back? Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold up. Wait a minute there. Now see, this is perfect. This is perfect for Sam Donald because you not, you not putting together This type of Minnesota This early to stay with the Vikings.


Correct? Oh, there, there are team that you are a former, former number one pick, right? If I'm not mistaken, huh? Yeah, he's the number three pick in the draft, I think. Oh yeah. So he's number three behind Sam. He was number three. Baker went first, Saquon and I think Sam Donald was third number three. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. The only problem is you just went to the wrong team. That's all The wrong team drafted you. No, it's perfect. You said it earlier. It's perfect because he went to a team and the guy gets hurt. He's not coming back. Now you give me an opportunity OCHO to build a perfect portfolio. Oh, Okay, okay. No, I was saying, because Think about it, I wasn't gonna be able to show you anything because JJ McCarthy is gonna start. So I'm not gonna be able to show you anything. Guess what I get to do? I get to put together a portfolio over 17 games potential to playoffs.


Yeah. Okay. Come get your boy. Yeah. Okay. Okay. No, I was saying when he got drafted outta USC, he went to the wrong organization. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That, that, that's, that's what I, that's what I'm trying to say. But what he doing right now, it's beautiful. What he's doing right now. Listen, when JJ McCarthy went down, obviously when Kirk cuts left, I'm like, well god damn, who the hell gonna get the goddamn ball to jj? Who? The, who the hell gonna get the ball to 18. Okay. They drafted JJ McCarthy. I'm like, okay, okay. This won the national championship. When I thought about it, I'm like, but damn, all Michigan did in college, all them boys did was run the goddamn ball. Izzy won that could facilitate the ball through the air. I didn't know. I didn't know. He goes out, I'm like, but damn. Who, who's, who's up next?


Sam Donald. So I think about Sam Donald on the 49 ERs. Ah, didn't look too good. Sam Donald Panthers. Ah, it didn't look too good. Like, okay, Sam Don, they got drafted by the New York Jets. Ah, we know how that worked out after three years. So I didn't know what Sam Donald we gonna get. I didn't know the Vikings would be this good. This is the Sam Donna that's playing with confidence. Yeah. This is the Sam Donna that's letting, letting the rest of the NFL know and putting them on notice. Listen, like you said, I'm putting the portfolio together. I'm putting the resume together. Yep. For those of you that need a quarterback after the season was is over, this is what I can do when I have the right pieces around me. Come and get your boy. That's the thing.


Ocho, if you look at, he didn't have these pieces. He didn't have a Justin Jefferson. Oh no, he didn't have a Addison. He didn't have, who do they got now? Hawkinson. Even though he's not there right now. Yeah. Who's the other guy? Mon the tight end called a couple of passes. They brought him Aaron Jones. Who caught who? Who? Quincy Williams. But after, at the end of the day, Aaron Rodgers need to play better. Yeah. He threw three interceptions interceptions there. There haven't been very many defenses in the history. I mean, you gotta be a historic defense to overcome three turnovers because what you do, some of 'em might be a pick six. Which one was you put 'em on a short field, but, and so now they're scoring basically on your possessions.


Right. Make make it, make 'em score on theirs. I'm not gonna give you ish on my possessions. And he threw three interceptions, including two in the first quarter, a career first, including the pick six, putting the jets up, 17 to nothing. And then the two of the three, the jets are two and three for the first time in Aaron Rogers under 500 through five starts is 2012. Quincy Williams Jets linebacker was ticked off after the loss. Let's take a listen to what he had to say. Oh, I ain't hear this. Like I said, people gotta start taking accountability, bro. People get tired of hitting the same thing every week. Three. What do you need to work on? I'm tired of saying the same thing every week for me. I need to start working on being a leader more. That's the main thing.


Accountability. Yeah. Aaron play. Aaron didn't play good. Those intersection was terrible. Why? Why would you throw on a, okay, you trying to throw a back shoulder to fade. How you gonna throw a back shoulder to fade that far inside Ocho? That's stuff that you work on in mini camp about, I'm sorry, OI shouldn't have went there. My bad Ocho. That's me. That's on me. Ocho take Off. You notice I have a question, a chat. Listen to me. Think about the Aaron Rodgers at Green Bay. Think about the Aaron Rodgers, the Green Bay in the backs show of fades that he continues to hit over and over and over and over. Whether it be Devonte Adams, Jordy Nelson, Greg. If it be Jordan Nelson, Donald driver.


Do should, should I do? I do. I need to go on. It works consistently over and over and over and over and over. Now with Garrett Wilson. Now we're out Lazar the chemistry ain't there. Mike Williams. It ain't there. Mike Williams, the chemistry ain't there. I haven't seen him hit the back shoulder fade, which he's with the back shoulder. I haven't seen it work yet. And it's a, it is a huge chunk play that gives the DB no chance to make a play on the ball. Right. I haven't seen it work yet. I seen it skip the ground. I see it hit the ground. I see it be too far. Right. I see it be too far left And missed. Annie missed Gary Wilson on the throw. That would've wasn't the game. Probably remember when the Gary Wilson put stopped and then wheeled up the sideline and he over shot him.


Yeah. Over shotti. Yeah. But things like that. But, you know, don't worry about it. He don't have to. He got four MVPs. That's what the fans tell me. Yeah. He don't need to work on it, so, okay. Don't work on it. You don't, you've never, you've never thrown one ball to those guys. I mean, you did in, in camp, but Garrett Wilson. And you see a lot of times in men in training camp, they was on the sideline having a discussion. Yeah. Gary Wilson's like, okay, where you want me? I want you here, but I want it over there. So those are things that you work on. Mike Williams had no chance. That ball was so far inside that the db, I mean, think about how far it was inside. 'cause the DB is on the inside shoulder.


That's why the back shoulder works. Because Yeah, he's inside. So when the deep, so when the wide receiver opens up, it's on his back shoulder. There's nothing Yeah, because I got your pen here. You already here. So when I open up and do that now I got your pen here. Yeah, that was, that was a good play. That was a good play by. That was at, at the end, right when Gilmore picked it off. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That was, that was a good, but that's What, that's, but that's what needs to happen. You, I, I gotta listen. The thing is, is that what Rogers need to understand, they can't run the football a league. So it puts an immense amount of pressure on them to be great in the passing game. Right. And right now, they haven't found a chemistry. I mean, this was Garrett Wilson's best, best day. He had 13 for a buck one ocho.


He had 22 targets. I've never heard somebody have, okay, lemme take that back. When to caught 20 passes, obviously he had to have 20 plus targets. When Brandon Marshall the rep record, he had to have at 20 targets. But do you under, do y'all understand how many 22 targets is? That's that's a lot, bro. A lot, Man, I might go fi I might go five games and not get 22 targets. Yeah. He got 20, 21 games. They tried to get him that ball day. They tried to get him that ball a day and get him rolling. Try to get him in that ball and get him rolling today. It just, I don't, I don't know.


I don't know. Listen, whenever you have a quarterback like Aaron Rogers, you have a chance. It gives you a chance because of experience and what he's able to do with the ball in his hands. But when it's good, it's really good. When it's bad, It's bad. Not, not with 14 rushing for 36 yards. Yeah. I don't, I don't believe at this stage of his career, he can consistently beat win games. Throwing the football like he's throwing it today. 54 hemp. No. Hell, hell no. I don't, I don't buy it. They gotta clean up on defense. J jj, you gotta put that one in your back pocket though. You almost threw it back to Sauce. Gardner, you remember that? I Roddy ran OCHO late the ball game.


Oh yeah. Oh yeah. He al he almost threw it back in the sauces hands. Gotta put that one in your back pocket. That's why, that's why you the highest paid. That's why they look, think about it. Ocho they was just looking him on that last, on that last. They was just looking for him. Yeah. They ain't thought about no him. You, we pay you 35 million. Go get it bro. Go get it. Yeah. Gotta put that in your back pocket, jj. But good game overall. Nick Mullens came in Ocho He came in and, and and, and threw one after Sam. Donald got hurt. But hey, what's the, what's the extent of Sam Donna injury? Is it bad, bad? I, well, they're on a bi week, so he has an extra week to recover.


I don't know. Recover. Okay. But the Jets, they're not good enough to overcome the kind of play, the Aaron Rodgers. What's the difference between what he did and Sam Darnell? What's the difference between Zach Wilson and him? He just got, he just got, he just more distinguished. He just more credentialed. More, more. That's the kind of play that the kind play that, that Wilson gave you. Three interceptions defense. Not that they're not historic, they're good defense. They're not historically good, Historically good. Yeah. They're good defense. They're solid. Solid. Not, they're not Boy O damn Ocho, man.


We got our work cut out for us. They ain't that kind of defense. No, man. We got our work cut out for us. They ocho woo woo. I don't know how we gonna, they're not that. They're not the 70 Steelers. 85, 86 Bears. They're not 2000 Ravens. Oh, two bucks. The Legion of boom. They're not that. They're good solid defense in today's game. They're solid defense. Nothing. They, they ain't like, like I said, Ooh, hey. Ooh, Ocho. I don't know o how you feel about this with ocho. Hey, listen, they dont Listen. That kind response. But they, They nice.


Are you ready to have your bacon loving? Mind blown? Well, here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four, six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed. You can get a full night's sleep. Hell, you could wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar, Meyer bacon, and then dry to work, and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer fit. Cut bacon now and enjoy. You won't be disappointed.


Hey There, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Take some time to take care of yourself and your family this fall. Shop in store or online, and stock up on items from your favorite self-care and baby care brands. Now through November 5th, get great savings on self-care items like Dove antiperspirant. Depend underwear for men, Colgate toothpaste and poise pads. And for the little ones, stock up on Huggies Snug and dry diapers and Huggies little movers diapers. Offer ends November 5th. Promotions may vary. Restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com. For more details.


It can get lonely climbing Mount McKinley. So to entertain myself, I go to Chumba Casino dot com. At Chumba Casino, I could play hundreds of online casino style games for free, like online slots, bingo, Slingo, and more. Plus, I get a daily login bonus. It's just too bad that up here I don't have anyone to share my excitement with. Woo-hoo Woo-hoo. Live the Tumba life anytime, anywhere. Play for free now@tempacasino.com. btw room, no purchase necessary void, prohibited by loss terms and conditions. 18 plus


October is cybersecurity Awareness month, and LifeLock is here to elevate your protection game using the same simple password across all your accounts that's risky. While updating your passwords to be more unique is a good start. True peace of mind comes with LifeLock. LifeLock doesn't just alert you to suspicious activity, but monitors For more uses of your personal info and will fix identity theft issues that arise, guaranteed or your money back. Secure your identity today with a 30 day free trial at lifelock.com/cybersafety terms apply.


Hey, what's up guys? It's Nick Chubb running back for the Cleveland Browns Abercrombie's NFL partnership. Kicked off last year, and if you haven't shopped there recently, I'll tell you exactly where to start First. Abercrombie's denim quality is unmatched. I'm a fan of their loose jean and it fits me just the way I want it to. Make sure to hit up Abercrombie's essential collections for tees and their bestselling popover hoodie. I love rocking that on game day or really any day shop Abercrombie to see what everyone's talking about.


Minnesota five and oh, Jeff fall a two and three. Who did Jeff play next week? Just got the bills next week. Whoa, y'all, y'all talking about Zack Wilson never threw just one interception, bro. Y'all at the same record y'all wore last year with Zack Wilson. Y'all just got, y'all just got, y'all just got a nicer car that you can't Drive, Drive. What's the difference? Oh, so y'all happy y'all got a quarterback that's distinguished, that's credential, but your record says the same.


I'm confused. Oh. Taking a pretty lady out and she ain't gonna do nothing. You know what I'm saying? What? What? What is that? Don't you say taking out and she ain't gonna do nothing. Yeah. You, you done bought the cards, bought flowers, took her to the movie, got a fancy dinner and she's like, I'm ready to go home and not with you. What is that? They gotta get this turned around. You think you hold on y'all Jazz fans. Y'all brought, y'all brought Aaron Rodgers in to be two and three or five games in. Is that what y'all brought him in there for? I just wanna know, y'all just lemme know what y'all, so, okay, fine.


If that's what y'all brought him in there for. Okay. Damn man. Aaron won those MVPs in Green Bay. Did y'all hear Tom Brady? Tom Brady said when he went to Tampa, this is what Brady said. I said the same thing on air because I had done it before Tom. I was a a a a back to back Super Bowl four. First team, all pros, seven straight pro bowls. What did they gotta do with Baltimore? I ain't do none of that for Baltimore. Right? Tom says, what I had done in New England that ain't got nothing to do with Tampa. I wasn't going there riding that, but I know somebody that is.


But we gonna move it along Ojo. We gonna move it along. We gonna move it along. The Commanders beat Browns 34 13 Washington might have the NFL's best offense. No team has been as high power as the commanders over the past four games during that stretch. The commanders are averaging 34 points a game, 409 yards. Washington is not averaging 31 points for the season. Jayden Daniels clearly in the MVP race can't hurt teams even when he's struggling. He did not have his best, you know, best game, 238 yards passing, but he ran for 82 more ocho. The Washington had amassed 298 of his 434 total yards on just eight plays.


The offense hurt Cleveland all game long with explosive plays. The commanders are the first team since 1970 merger to score 150 plus points in the first five games of the season while starting a rookie quarterback. It's amazing. It's amazing how a franchise turns completely around when you get a quarterback. It's amazing how you look. The commanders were four and 12 last year, huh? Yeah. The commanders were four and 12 last year. You get a quarterback, not just any quarterback, a very, very good quarterback. You get a 10 year franchise changing quarterback and this is what you get.


Yep. This is why you pay 'em the big bucks. This is why you invest in, this is why you go back and you talk to the elementary teachers before you draft, before you draft from number one and number two overall. Yeah. This is what you get. Especially, you get a adequate quarterback, a dual threat quarterback who is by, by by way before anybody tries to say he's a running quarterback. No, he's a past first quarterback. And he only runs if they he has no other choice then he's accurate, huh? Oh, yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Accurate. Now, today, today wasn't if but Ocho, but he was throwing some high risk stuff. He was throwing the ball down the field.


Oh yeah. He was letting the rip now he was letting the rip gun slinger. I got, you know what, McLaurin down there somewhere. Oh yeah. Brown. They homie Brown. He died there somewhere. Yep. They let they, they got me. Yeah. Shit. I'm a Commander, nigga. Run the football OCHO 34 rushes 215 yards. Jay Daniel 11 for 82. Austin Eckler, six for 67. McNichols seven for 44. Okay. Okay. That'll work now. Oh, y'all gotta stop the run now. I'm gonna play after you give Cliff Kings bury his credit.


Oh yeah. He didn't have his finest showing as a head coach. But there's no denying this man offensive brilliance. And when it comes to quarterback And his ability to, to be on the same wavelength as his quarterback, give dq Dan Quinn. Okay, this quarterback, I need somebody that can work with a quarterback that has these kinda legs the zone read. Right. That's collegey. And we can work this stuff and integrate into an NFL system and be successful. I know a guy and that mofo outta work. Hey, CLE, you want a job? Hmm. One thing about it, you know how you know That that's the most important? Lemme Tell you The most important thing You can do if you're taking a quarterback high, is to get somebody that can work with it.


With That is the most important thing. You get a defensive guy, then they hire another, they and they got somebody that's not good that can work with his skillset because all quarterback, I mean, I wouldn't hire somebody to coach Peyton Manning like I would Jayden Daniels. Right? I'm just not, I'm not gonna hire somebody to coach Tom Brady like I would Caleb Williams. I'm just not. They have two different skill sets. Completely. But man, that young man dealing ocho, We done took your glasses off. What? You all right, Ocho. I don't know what to say about Deshaun, bro. I'm running outta words. Ocho.


Oh, at some point in time. OCHO just gotta stop Now. Cleveland hasn't top more than 18 points in the game this season. The Browns inner week five with the worst third down offense in the NFL. And they con they failed. They failed to convert all 12 of their third down attempts today with Deshaun in the game. Ocho at some point in time, Ocho. Hey, I, I got a question. Yeah. Listen. What, what's the issue? What's the issue? Is it, is it, is it, is it mental? Is it, is it the play calling? I mean, what, what do you think it is? And I'm confused. Huh? I've been watching football for a long time, for a very long time in the, in the nose dive in the nose dive that, that I've seen from a personal standpoint of ay, maybe a top three quarterback when he was with, with the Texans To what?


The, the version of Deshaun Jackson. Deshaun Jackson. The version of Deshaun Watson. I'm seeing now He not even close to himself. How in such a short amount of Barring an injury. I'm sorry. The only time how, the only time Ocho I can say I've seen this kind of drop off from any kind of player this fast. Hold on. It's through injury. Injury. If you have a significant injury that would explain it. I could offer Ocho man, you know, the man tore his, he tore his patella tendon ocho, you know, the man tore his achilles, he had back to back ACL surgery Ocho, he almost had his shoulder ripped off the bone. So that would explain the cataclysmic drop in his play.


But I don't see an injury that would cause it. This is up here. Yeah. It's it is mental. It is mental. Huh. Wait, you listen. Do you know how hard that is to get back, especially at that position? Yes, because everything becoming mental at Position the court, Hey, listen, if if you, if you messed up mentally here and at the quarterback position, you got the ball in your hands every time. So your judgment in your mind, it already got to be clear. Because if you judgment in your mind and you're not healthy as well, on top of that, you'll never be, you'll never be able to play well, you'll never be able to excel at that position. I think, like, I think I was thinking about it.


I'm looking at, I was thinking about it earlier day. Well, God damn, I'm, I'm looking at, well, damn, the Browns, we got Amar Cooper. Jerry Got Nick Chu. You got Nick Chubb coming back soon, maybe, I think maybe two weeks, maybe, maybe one more. ku, Elijah Moore. You, Elijah Moore. You bought in, you bought him a young bull. Damn. Why, why, why? I'm going blank right now. Who you got? He brought him a young boy, Jerry, Judy. Yeah. You know, I'm like, what? Okay, we good. We good. We we, I'm talking about we good. I'm just saying from a, as, as a fan, as a, as a fan of Deshaun Watson, as a fan of some of these young bulls over there, man, that, that I enjoy watching.


I'm like, okay, they gonna compete. They gonna compete. They gonna have a chance, you know, in the, a FFC north. And it just, it is not what I envision based on what I've seen in the past, and I really can't, the, I can't put my hands on it on why they look the way they do. Oh, Joe, he don't even move the same, he don't look the same in the pocket. And, and, and, and, and I think, you know, look, I'm not here to try to rehash and rethink anything, but I think that that, that, that weighed a lot on his mind. Yeah. I think it weighed a a, a hell of a lot on his mind. And he wa he's, he hasn't been the same.


And I think everybody knows that I'm not break Ocho you and I are not breaking news. No, no, no, no, no. Everybody knows they, I saw the guy, he led the league his last year starting in, in, in, in Houston. He led the NFL in passing yards. He did that. I'm not so sure Deshaun, he, he is the, the 28th, 29th. 30, 31st, 32nd. He is a bottom five quarterback. Currently. Look at Joe Flacco and Indy. Look at what Joe Flacco did in Cleveland. Joe F fla. Joe Flacco is a, if I'm not mistaken, I think I read this is eight days younger than Anthony Richardson.


Hey Jon. Joe O Joe. That o Yes. Yes. It's because I think sometimes Ocho when you have an image Yeah. And, and then all of a sudden that image is not what was being portrayed. And people start to like, you start to think, how do they, how do they look at me now? How do they perceive me? And that plays with you because you are out in the public. Yeah.


It's, if somebody, I I, I would've bet so. I've lost a lot of money. Ocho. If somebody would've said, Shannon, he's never gonna be the same again. I said, man, you out your mind. I said, Hold on. Said Same thing on, hold on, hold On. I bet. I like, hold on. Is he gonna have Shannon? He's not gonna have a career threatening injury. He's not gonna have anything. Nope. He just not gonna be the same. I said bet I would. I would've betted on, I would've betted with the quickness too. I know, I know what I, I know what I've seen from him. I know what I've seen. And I've just, I've just never seen a, a, a performance decline in such a fast rate.


Especially when you have better, a better supporting cast and what you had in Houston And he's young and oh, oh Ocho. It wasn't like he's 30. Deshaun is 30. Is he 30? He can't because he came out, he's 29. He just turned 29. Ocho I got a better question for you. How do we get him back to the old Deshaun? How do we fix the problem? Lemme Ask you a question. How do we, how do we fix the issues In professional sports? When have you seen a guy have this kind of precipitous drop and bounce back up name the sport. Football, basketball, baseball.


It ain't never happened. Huh? It's hard ocho. Yeah. 'cause so much of sports is physical. Yes. We've seen guys that had talent. But if you are weak-minded mentally Yeah. That's where you have to be the strongest. Yeah. What do they say the best athletes have? What the strongest mentality? Yeah, because, Because that's everything. You have to have a self-belief that I'm the baddest mofo on this field, this court, this, this dime, this, this whatever the case be. Whatever your avenue, this court, what Serena, whatever your arena is, you have the mindset that I'm the baddest mofo here.


Right. Because a lot bro, Tom Brady aint the most talented quarterback. Not even close. He might not be in the, he might not be in the top one as far as talent. Hey, I'm, I'm talking about physical talent, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. I'm talking about the ability to run jump arm strength. But that joke of mine, That's the, that's where they beat you at. Him and Peyton Drew Brees. That's where they beat you at. Huh? They beat you upstairs. All that. Coach B the tom old man. That's a great, I'm listen and I tend to tell people, how do you know?


I said, I'm telling you how they think. Lemme tell you because we did a lot of this too. They going to tell you what a great team that is. And they're really, really tough. They're really disciplined. They're really well coached. But in that closed door behind that meeting, Belichick is telling me we're gonna kick their ass. And Tom Brady is in that meeting telling 'em at practice we're gonna kick their ass. They don't deserve to be on the field, but we're gonna keep hyping 'em up. He actually believed that. And what great leaders can do, they can convince others around them to believe just like they are. Right. They believed just what Tom was so great and so believable.


Guys, we're gonna kick, we're gonna do this, we're gonna do this. Right. May you hear what Tom said? Man, we dying 14. Tom said, we're coming back. Yeah, we coming back. Yeah, we coming back. That's how it works. I don't think Deshaun, I don't think his What happened? Same thing. Look at Ben Simmons. Look at Ben Simmons in basketball. ocho Oh, Okay. All defensive, all star, all NBA rookie of the year. Yeah. He got hurt. But in mentality was is that what happened in Philly?


Y'all remember I said it. I said he never going be the same. His coach criticized him and the best player on the team criticized him. I said, it's over. I said, he done in Philly. But stuff like that shouldn't break you. That's, that's motivating right there. Oh, Joe. But you have to understand that's Mo that's, that's motivating. I ain't what? I, I, I'm, I'm who? A What? Lemme ask you a question. Who? Okay. Oh, okay. Bet it's it's fourth and five. Yeah. They call a play for you. You say a Hold on, Hold on. Wait, wait. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold On, hold on, hold On. Hold on. What Down. What down it is? It's fourth and five. Okay. Okay. I'm glad. No, We're in the huddle. No, they call the play. They say, oh, oh, we're In the huddle. Alright. Call the play. Call the play.


Let's say we gonna call 200 Jet X Lamb. That's you, you the X. No, no. But this what you do. You done lost your confidence so bad. You like Carson. So TJ the ball. Oh hell no. And you got hell nah, you got me. Fuck. Boy, boy. Fourth to five. And you know it's four down ain't finna play man to man. Man, You remember that game when they played Atlanta? They passed Ben Simmons the ball. And Ben Simmons passed it. He rock up fourth door When he had to lay up and he passed it off. I, I remember the play exactly. See, you see now you see what I'm talking about. I remember that.


I remember that. But hold on. Wait. He lost his confidence. That bad to where he didn't just wanna make a layup or Yes. Because he didn't wanna run the risk of getting foul and have to get, go to the free throw line. Oh, he does. He is. He likes Shaq at the free throw line a little bit. See the difference. Ocho See, here's the thing. I can teach you to swim if you're not afraid of the water. If you're afraid of water. I can't teach you how to swim. Right. Damn man. So that's the thing. Look in baseball, Chuck N Block, he couldn't throw the ball. He was second base, but he couldn't throw it.


The first base. Steve Sacks ran into a little bit of a little problem like that. Ian Baker Finch, they had the yips David Du Ball. They were never the same. They were never the same. Damn. They got the yips and Chuck N Block. What was the, the picture for the Cardinals? They ended up having a, what's his name? You remember the picture from the Cardinal? They ended up moving him to the outfield. He was a pitcher. He lost his confidence. He couldn't find the plate. They ended up moving him to the rick an, was it Rick Anil? I think that's who it was. Wasn't he a pitcher? Yes. Rick happens.


Man, damn. Lose your confidence Ocho damn, because this sports is everything. That's all we got. Yeah. You need to be some have some level of talent now. The guys that have the talent and they have the mindset and confidence. Now you get a Michael, you get a Kobe, you get a LeBron, you get a Magic Johnson, you get, you get Jerry Rice's and the Randy Moss and the Terrell Owens. You get the Reggie White and the Lawrence Taylors. And the Dion Sanders. Yeah. That's what you get. Yeah. You get guys like that. Oh yeah. You or you get a, you get a dude who changes goddamn last name to a number that don't make no goddamn sense and put on goddamn Lost all his mind.


Hey, you know the type of, if you, hey, when you sit back and think about it, how crazy that is the type of confidence I had on. Yeah. Now I'm, I I would never put myself in the tier with Randy and Teo them. You know, I, I'm, I was more, to me, I was about entertainment and having fun. That's it. But you know how nutty and crazy and confident you have to be for me to go to the courthouse to tell the judge I'm gonna pay this money. 'cause I'm gonna change my name to a number that resonates with my jersey. But not only is the name spelled wrong, spell spelled.


That's, that's nutty. Yeah. But that ain't of confidence. Yeah. I believe I I believe in me. You get, I mean you get a megatron a guy that's extreme. Look at that. Look at there. I mean the guy that's 6 5 2 35 2 40 running 4 3 0 3. So when you get, you get that, you get the perfect storm. But, and Stefanski, the head coach of the Cleveland Brown says, we're staying with Deshaun. Yeah. I mean, yeah, but he, he has to say that. What can you say? Especially when you have, you're paying a quarterback, that kind of money. Who has a guaranteed contract? What, 2 30, 2 20, whatever, whatever it may be. You, you got to Yeah, I agree.


Ocho, before we get to the next game, I wanna recognize our first tour sponsor. Olipop Ali, You got one too? Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. See I didn't drink all, I didn't drink all mine. It's a new kind of soda. Tastes great. Five, Five grams of sugar. Hold on, hold on. Hey, do me a favor. Do me a favor for the chat real quick. See if You can, you know how, Hey, see if You can chug it all in one in one walk. Man, we gonna cheer you On. No, go. Go. 'cause I, I gotta go, I gotta go to bed. I'll be up all night peeing. I gotta bladder of a 90-year-old. Oh no. I'm done right now. That, that's all I, Man, I ain't gonna be able to sleep. First of all drinking this, I need to stop drinking tea because I'd be up, I'd be up all night going to the bathroom. I need to get me alop jar and put inside the bed. Anybody don't know in the old growing up in the forties, fifties, and sixties? Yeah, they didn't, they had outhouses but they had, they called 'em night pots or slop jars. They put 'em inside the bed and they would pee or poop in them and then they take 'em out the next morning. So I didn't get the wood. Oh, So they got so they ain't had to get up. Yeah, because hell nah, you don't wanna go to the outhouse in the middle of the night Night. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. But we hit the woods. We ain't have no, so that's what that was. But my favorite, this is my favorite, if you notice Ojo, I really, I'm really a ginger ale guy. Yeah. And once they told him, you know, we, we was talking to him and they like, I was like, you got ginger ale? They're like, yeah, as a matter of fact we do. I said, well lemme let your boy get some of that ginger ale because I, IF with Ginger ale, but nah, I, I, yeah, I'm done. That's, that's all I can drink for the night, man. I'm not, first of all, I gotta get up. You gotta get up in five hours. Yeah, I gotta do, I got first take in the morning. Yeah. Matter of fact, you, you throw out first take. I got a flight, I got a beat that they say another hurricane is coming. Yeah. So I'm, I gotta leave two days early to make sure I don't get stuck here. So I'm already on up in the Midwest a little bit so I can get to and from work. And I'm, I'm hoping, I'm hoping to turn, I'm hoping a curve or whatever, but we just, we just dealt with a hurricane and now we got another one coming our way again. I'm hoping, I'm hoping to stay out there in that ocean man. Yeah.


The. Volume.


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who doesn it? And? did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood. That's a really long time to perfect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and Enjoy


CBS Thursday, October 17th. Hi again. TV's Quirky is crime solver. I'm L's SI work with the police. He is back and ready to go toe to toe. Yes. With a cavalcade of guest stars, you have a devious mind. I'm a lawyer. Don't miss a moment of the critically acclaimed hit. Look for anything out of the ordinary that sounds like fun. Murder should be fun. Obviously murder's not fun. Elsbeth is all new CBS. Thursday, October 17th, part of CBS Premier Week and streaming on Paramount Plus.


What's good? Justin Jefferson here Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more. Check out bs.com.


Looking for a fast and comfortable head shave. Check out the Remington Balder pro head shaver designed to give you a smooth shave and head in under two minutes. The Balder Pro head shaver features a Powerflex 360 degree neck and five dual track heads that pivot and contour. To ensure maximum skin contact on all sides from the number one brand of head shavers in the us. Go to balder pro.com for 15% off today based on two day growth source rcna retail tracking service, US sales. 12 months ending April, 2024.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Take some time to take care of yourself and your family this fall. Shop in store or online and stock up on items from your favorite self-care and baby care brands. Now through November 5th, get great savings on self-care items like Dove, anti purse, sprint. Depend underwear for men, Colgate toothpaste and poise pads. And for the little ones, stock up on Huggies Snug and dry diapers and Huggies little movers diapers. Offer ends November 5th. Promotions may vary. Restrictions apply. Visit Safeway.com. For more details.