
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA Member FDIC.


Hi everyone. It's Savannah Guthrie and Hoda Coffee from The Today Show. Nobody Does the holidays like today from festive performances and great gift ideas to tips for the perfect holiday. Fes, join us every morning on NBC and make today your home for the holidays.


Holiday Magic is in the air and DS W's Got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow, styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants, like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock, and more, and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you. Or DSW dot com.


What's good Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out Bose dot com.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks. When you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device, qualifying credit and port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in-season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New drafting customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Number three, taxes went on the road and defeated. Number 24 at Texas A and m by the score of 17 to seven. Texas A and m best player was queer ERs. Unfortunately, he's the quarterback for the Texas Longhorns. He almost gave this game away ocho He almost gave it away. If Texas A and m could have done anything offensively Yeah, They beat Texas. Yeah, because yours did not play particularly well last night. A bad interception. He fumbled the ball when he was going this game should have been away. Put away OCHO in the third quarter. Long time, long time ago. Listen, the long horse defense, I mean they played a a, a critical role obviously playing.


They forced some turnovers shutting out the, the Aggies offense in the first half. But the Aggies obviously, if they could have got something going offensively they didn't have a chance or did, nor did they capitalize on any of the turnovers that they got. The game could've. It could've been somewhat close. And the plays that they made offensively and the turnovers that the, not the Aggies, the turnovers that the Longhorns got, you know, they were able to capitalize and, and, and shut this game out. Now, the biggest test for Texas now is that championship game. That championship game, the kind of defense Texas played the night. This is exactly what we're gonna need in all three phases, whether it's offense, offensively, defensively, and special teams because they're playing a Georgia team that dominated the first time they played upfront.


The ba the, the battle of this game and the chance on winning this game is gonna start up front with that offensive line in defensive line being able to be sta on defense and the offensive line being able to hold up and that offense making the plays they need to play. And Quinn Errors can't make the mistakes he made tonight against a Georgia team that will capitalize and pounce on any turnovers that they have. Yeah, you're right. Ocho, the first time they played Georgia went into Austin and beat him up. They just beat 'em up mentally, physically, emotionally. They really did some damage on 'em. But give a a a SAR credit for getting these guys to bounce back. They come back and they played really, really well and they worked their way back into the, the SEC championship game.


Yeah, you are right. They got a pick six touchdown, Texas A and m, they got another forest fumble and they got stopped on the goal line. See, I don't understand that OCHO, because you need two scores anyway. Yeah. What different? One way or another, you're gonna need two scores and you really, if, if you really think about ocho, you hadn't had a whole lot of success running the football. Yeah. At some point in time you gotta put the guy and give him a two-way go, son. If it's, if, if the guy's not wide open, run it in. But if there's a throw to be made, we're gonna need you to make a throw. But to just hand the ball off and just run to the line of scrimmage. Texas was waiting for that. I mean, that, that showed me that you really don't trust. That showed me you didn't really trust quarterback.


You didn't trust your quarterback. Yeah, I, I understand Ocho, he is a freshman, but at some point in time, in order for you to win, we know this no matter what the level, your quarterback's gonna have to make a play, he's gonna have to put the ball up. He's gonna have to make a play one way or another. And you gotta trust him that he's gonna make a smart decision. Right. He's gonna make the right decision. He's gonna make the right play. But give Texas, give Texas credit they could because you could feel about that. Pick six. They go right back down there and then yours get stripped. Sacked. I mean, stripped on the, on the on he's sliding. I thought to like, man, Texas A and m got the, got the momentum. Now they're at home.


That crowd started. Brian Field started rocking. Yeah, because you know, OCHO they put 108, 108,000. The house that Johnny built. Yeah, Man. But give tech gifts. Sark, I thought Sark did an unbelievable job. I always thought he was a very good offensive minded coach. He had great people around him to, to make things happen. But Texas A and m did not play. Texas A and m did not play well tonight. O Joe after NC State beat UNC 35 30 at Keenan Stadium, Wolfpack Safety, DK Kauflin hope to plant the flag at midfield. But UNC wide receiver, JJ Jones ran to a group of north NC State players, took the flag and threw it towards the Wolfpack bench.


A brawl between the two teams broke out and the staff members attempted to break it up. Tar Hill players wouldn't leave the logo at the 50 yard line until the field cleared. Hey, rivalry week, baby. They was out there. They must, they must have been listening to Kendrick album. Squabbling. Squabbling. Boy, listen. Hey, them boy was out there squabbling, you know, again, they had the opportunity to fight. Huh? They had an hour. They they had an hour, 60 Minutes. They had 60 minutes to prevent this from happening. Obviously. What are you gonna do when you, when you win your rivalry game? Yeah. You going celebrate. What do you normally celebrate? Whether it be basketball, whether it be football in the middle of the field, whether god damn local is, is Yes.


There. There's, there's nothing you can do about it. And I think there's nothing wrong with it. There's nothing wrong with it. And you, you know what? A little qualer ain't never hurt nobody. Yeah. Ling nobody. Now, you know, some people will say, you know, there's no place for it in the game and all this. Yeah, it is. I can't think of a better place for it. Exactly. And you know what? Honestly, can I tell you something? Yeah. It makes the rivalry that much more exciting and intense. Yes. And you wanna look forward, look forward to it the following year, just a little bit. Ain't nobody getting hurt. Just, just a little bit. Ain't nobody getting hurt. Just a little squabbling ain't ever hurt nobody. That's it. Just a little Bit. I'm trying, I I just want y'all to know, I'm trying to be as disrespectful as I possibly can. Ain't no. If say a bust about it because I want you, I want you to know, I want you to feel this.


I want you to hate me. I want you to de de despise my team. Yeah. I want you to despise me because I see I ru the date. You know, it's funny that you Came into existence. Yes. I dislike you just that much. Yeah. So it ain't no secret here. Yes. I'm, don't let me win after you've been running your mouth the whole year. All year. Yeah. Okay, now we got 60 minutes to settle this. We get four quarters to settle it. Right. I win what you look, I'm let you know this. I'm a, I'm a, I'm a sore loser. Loser. Yeah. But I'm a worst winner. I just want y'all to know this what that I do, Joe, if you think I'm a bad loser, don't let me win.


Right. Then you better not let me win in your house. Yeah. That ma that make it, that, that make it even worse. I'm even Worse. I'm leaving muddy work boots, man. Who's you? These? Yeah. They mind. Yeah. I'm leaving my word muddy work boots. Yeah. Yes. Absolutely. Ocho Right? I'm gonna be as disrespectful as blatantly, as blatantly disrespectful as I possibly can because you've been running your mouth the whole year. You've been talking the whole game and now look at you. Now you wanna fight. You aint, you showed more hostility after the game, after The game. During, during the game. Yeah.


So where was this, where was all them muscles? Right? Where was all that, that, that venom that you got right now? Right. Get off the field And listen. Coaches will never be able to say this. Coaches will never be able to say how they really truly feel about small, small skirmishes like this. You know, it's good for the game in a sense. And the rivalry itself. Yeah. No matter what, no matter what these pundits and these analysts may say good for the game of football, it just, it just is. I don't know how to explain it. I can't put it into words, but I'm giving you as, as enough context as I can as a fan of college football, as a fan of sports in general.


It makes it, that's more, that much more exciting. Especially coming up next year when you look at the calendar and the schedule come out. Michigan, Michigan, Ohio State. They gonna circle that game. Yeah. Circle UNC and North Carolina State to play again. They gonna circle that game as one. We, we got to watch this. We circle it too. We're gonna put foots in you again on this day, on this day. The year later. Foots in you again. Georgia needed eight overtimes OCHO to get the 44 42 home win over Georgia Tech in a, in a game that they were favor to win by three touchdowns. It's the first time the Bulldogs has ever come a 17 point or more deficit since 2006.


It's only the second time in the past 20 seasons in which they've rallied for a 14 point deficit in the fourth quarter. Georgia Tech had the game won, the quarterback got a first down, he got hit, he fumbled the ball, they got seven point lead ojo, they got the game won, the game is won. All they gotta do is hold onto the ball. That's it. He didn't Georgia Lewis down there. Score. And eight overtime later it's 44, 42. You see, you think about the record, right? You see where Georgia take his ranked? Yes. You see what Georgia Tech record is for some, for some reason it's like in the NFL when it comes to playing a divisional opponent. No matter how bad your season is going, for some reason they gonna give you a game.


Yeah. They gonna give you a game. I'm not sure Texas, when Texas does watch this film on what Georgia Tech was able to do, you not gonna sit here and tell me that Georgia Tech players upfront in that skilled position, is that much better than those at Texas? No, I'm not buying that and I'm not, I'm not believing it. But if they can do what they did to Georgia and making it a game to, we had to go to eight overtimes. Ain't no, ain't no way. Y'all Finn allow a 30 to 15 shellacking like y'all took early in the season happen the second time. Not in the championship game. I know better than that. That's gonna be a tough game. 'cause you know, Georgia basically at home, they playing the Mercedes-Benz.


That's an hour away. Ocho do you know how much black and red is gonna be in that building now I know Texas Travel. Oh, they travel Well they Travel Well. Them Georgia dogs, It's different. But they home. That's that's an aisle from Athens. Yeah, but you gotta think, now we talking about Texas, they travel well like it's like the Eagles of the Steelers having a place somewhere else in somebody else. Stadium. Stadium. They travel Well in Georgia. The Georgia Bulldogs are the Cowboys. Yeah. Okay. I knew, I knew, I knew you going you right by that. You right by that. Remember we having that discussion and we talking about, well, who's the most popular team in the state? What everybody say? Bulldogs. Oh Yeah. Yeah. Most definitely Bulldogs.


Most definitely Bulldogs. And then the Braves. And then you pick, you can pick whoever you want. You want the Falcons. You want, you want the the HOKs. Right. The MLS team. Them bulldogs and them Falcons. Number one Bulldogs by a long stretch Because The Braves used to be terrible. The braid braid was awful. The Falcons was terrible and it Well, we know the Falcons Yeah. When they was bad, but they got time even when they was bad, it didn't matter. Right. Well it was a party and they kept that going because now it's a party. You go to the Georgia Dome. Well Mercedes is not Georgia Dome.


Excuse me, Mercedes-Benz don't now don't. It's a party. And then when they, they got Vick. Oh man, listen, listen. The Michael, the Michael Vick era was an experienced uncle. That's what they called it. The Michael Vick Experience. Listen, it was an experience and you had to be there to understand. And this had to someone that didn't even play in Atlanta. I was in Cincinnati, but his time in his era was an experience one that can be explained. Yep. Had you watching what he did in the past, it don't do you No justice. No, I was in the city. I lived, Had to be there man. You had to be there. I don't think people understand how they don't.


Great. Michael Vick was during that time, especially in Atlanta. Oh my God. It was, it's crazy. I mean he was, he was, he was Lamar Jackson on steroids. Yeah, he was Lamar Jackson on steroids. Oh yeah. And we know how, how good Al Jackson is. Lamar is, he's the two time MVP. He's one of the top two quarterbacks in football. He's one of the three or four best players in all of football. And I'm not saying he's two or three, but boy, hey Michael Vick was, It's different. It's different, man. No, a lot of people won't understand it. 'cause the first thing they'll go to is they'll go to numbers and they'll dissect it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean listen, we Not debating that.


Yeah, we not debating, debating that. But when Michael Vick was playing, when Michael Vick had the, when he had the ball in his hands, You had to be there. The kind of player, you know, you just hold your breath. When Reggie Bush was at USC, he's the kind of player when the ball in his hands, you hold your breath because you don't know what the f gonna happen. When Peter Warwick was at Florida State Yeah. And the ball was coming his way, or they punt return or, or they threw him a hitch or something. You hold your breath, you don't know what the hell finna happen. They was, he was, he was some special man. Stanford is bringing back one of his school's. Legend and luck to work as a general manager of the football program per ESPN. Pete Fll Luck accepted a position that will put him in charge of the entire program and is considered a distinct evolution from one of the traditional roles of co a College general manager and a phone interview with Thamel Luck confirmed his new job and the role involves everything Stanford football touches, football wise and business wise.


He will also help with fundraising, securing sponsorships, increasing attendance and alumni relationships. Do you like that ocho? Hey, I love the move. I love the move. Especially putting someone like Andrew Luck in that position. Someone who's had sex, excuse me, someone who's had success, you know, at the NFL level. Short tenure, obviously due to the injuries. But he's a perfect candidate for this. He's a perfect person. He's a great, I hate using the word mascot representative for Stanford. What he was able to do and accomplish during his time there. Now with this idea, now you know, I am, I'm all about business. I'm all about branding, I'm all about marketing. And I'm thinking in turn for myself and being able to add another job and diversify my portfolio.


What do you think about me becoming a GM of two college programs that I can think of that are dear to my heart, where I can also help in the same areas that Andrew Luckin gonna help at Stanford. Either me getting a GM role at Oregon State, you know, where I can do the same things and offer the same responsibility and be offered the same responsibilities that Andrew Luck is, or general manager at FAMU. Lemme know It's a full-time job and you're not gonna give a, you're not gonna give a other job that's a full-time job.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank NA member FDIC.


Game on because e ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESP n plus together like never before with ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mads and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus, where a group of young space colonizers come face-to-face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant verine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details.


Congratulations to 3:00 AM Innovations on their first place. Win for innovation in community at this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business 3:00 AM used T-Mobile 5G to enable Florian the first AI enabled incident command platform for first responders. Florian's features include realtime tracking of personnel on A 3D map and voice activation. AI is used to filter out background noise until it hears a trigger word such as mayday, increasing situational awareness on the ground and improving onsite safety. This will shape rapid response moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates 3:00 AM for their unconventional thinking.


We have one more act for you this evening. I don't even need to say his name. Mr. Bob Dylan From The director of Walk the Line at Ford versus Ferrari. Anyone who's gonna hold your attention on stage, you have to kind of be a freak And starring Timothy Shamima as Bob Dylan. Are You a freak? Hope so. Upon a Inspired by the true story, I want to know which side he's on You This Christmas. He just want me s saying, I'm blowing in the wind for the rest of my life. Bobby, what do you wanna be? Whatever it is they don't want me to be. How does he feel? He defied everyone. Turn It down. Play laughed.


To change everything is our Elvis with no direction home. Timothy Chalamet, Edward Norton, L Fanny, Monica Barro. Make some noise. Bd track some mud on carpet. A complete unknown only in theater's. Christmas day, Rudy D under 17, nine, middle without


parent With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Olivia's after learning, she has quite a lot in common with a ninth century. Viking is different to Luna's, who after the old man narrowly escaped being bitten by zombies, which is also different to Jerome's. His eureka moment on finding the perfect new quote for his dating profile from to to Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits


His responsibility. Fundraising, securing sponsorships, increasing attendance and alumni relationship. That's an everyday job. I can do all four. I'm not saying that you can, but I'm saying that you can't do those other things. That's what I'm saying. Yeah, I know you can do it. You charismatic, you relatable. You can get out there in front of the people. Yes, absolutely. You know how to smooth. Yes. Yeah. But you can't do those other things. That's the problem. Damn. Okay, well that's off the table. That's off. But I mean, listen, that's off the table. But, but Kudo, kudos. Kudos to Andrew Luck. I think this is gonna, yeah, it's gonna be good for Stanford. I'm not sure if he can change the landscape of that team as far as the visibility is there.


Everyone knows who you are. But in order to bring those students in that you need, you already know, you know, you already know what they're waiting on. O Joe, you gotta understand. You already know they wait. But a lot of those guys that go to Stanford, they trying to be doctors, they're trying to be lawyers, they trying to be businessmen. If if, if I happen to go to the NFL, that's fine. Good too fine With me. Right? But I've tried to be a finance major. A econ ma. A econ. I'm trying to be an econ bro. I mean, come on bro. Yeah. But do you understand, look, you go to Stanford, you go to school like the bro, what you Georgia Tech. Yeah. Do you know what the missions are to get into a place like that? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. Listen, I I I, every once in a while you'll get a John Elway.


Every once in a while you'll get a Christian McCaffrey or you'll get a, I think John Lynch went to Sta Stanford. Hell, you get Andrew luck. Andrew luck. Right. But, But you talking about 50 years and I named four players, right? Yeah. You right. So you, you everyone think about it. Think about John graduated in 83. Think about before you got another Andrew Luck. How long was that? Long time. Oh, and then you got a Christian McCaffrey bro. Yeah. And you Hey, them guys ain't getting no general, no General general studies degree. John was a finance major. Eco. He was either finance or econ.


Econ economics. Look at those degrees. They get no joke. Right. I I got me a degree in eligibility. I'm trying to stay eligible. Right. I'm trying to stay, play. Hey, it's, it's hard because school with, with the, with the academia like that. Yeah. Yeah. That's what, that's Hey, no, no, bro. You go to Notre Dame Mojo, we the Stan the standard is different. Huh? The standard is different. Yes. It it is, it is almost as, as if academic come first. It does Schools like Stanford as Yes. The dame amongst others. You know, it is understandable Because their biggest alums are not athletes.


Nah, They're your Larry Ellisons. They're your, they're your, what's the guy, your Zuckerberg? Not saying they went there, but I'm saying they're guys like that. Those, their, their famous alums, they wouldn't pull a surprises. They win Nobel priest prizes in econ and mathematics. Right, right, right, right. So their big, their biggest alumni, like a lot of other schools, maybe their biggest alumni are athletes. And there's nothing wrong with that. Right. But I'm saying when you go to places like Georgia Tech and you go to places like Stanford and you go to Cab Berkeley, you do realize why you're here, right? Yeah. Yeah. Let's, let's, let's not lose sight of the, we gotta with a what do they always say?


Ocho? You hear a lot of athletes say just keep the main thing The main thing. Exactly. Yeah. When you go to a school like that, the main thing is the main thing. The Main thing. Yeah. Most definitely. It's not, it's not a stepping, it is not a stepping stone to the NFL. Now if I happen to make it based on the work that I put in here, yes. And I have a, and I, and I'm able to fall back on that and still have my plan A, which is my academics and whatever ma my ma my major may be. Whether it be econ, whether it be finance, yes or so be it. Yes. So be it. In the last home game at Folsom Field in front of the home crowd, Travis Hunter and Shado Sanders put on a show. They Did Colorado demolished Oklahoma State 52 to nothing to keep their slim playoff hopes alive.


Prime told Colorado going to respond after the 37 21 law. The buffaloes didn't just respond, they obliterated the opposition. It was Colorado's long, largest margin of victory since beating the gophers, the Minnesota Gophers, 58 to nothing in 1991. Mm. Shado Sanders was 34 of 41 4 38, 5 touchdowns and an interception. Shado, excuse me, Travis Hunter, 10 catches a buck. 16, three touchdowns, a pick two class breakups. They had, yeah, Travis was no, Shaul was 31 or 41.


4 38, 5 touchdowns, one in deception. Webster Wester, excuse me, had 11 catches a buck, 75, 2 touchdowns. Oh, Travis Hunter 10 catches, 1 16, 3 touchdowns. I think his name is Will Shepherd had six catches for 67 yards. I like this because this is what Prime knew. Prime knew that there Boise State was gonna try to give Gente as many carriages as he could handle and let him try to get as many yards as he can. Yeah. And he says, I'm not gonna let y'all, I'm not, I'm not gonna just get up a big and take my dogs, call my dogs off. Right. Trav stay out there because I want them to, I want them to.


I let 'em know just how great you are. Can I interest you in ten four, buck 16 and three touchdowns? Can I interest you in a pick? Can I interest you in two pass breakups? Can I interest y'all in that? Yeah, He left. No doubt at all. No doubt that he's going to win the Heisman trophy in December. What is that? The first week of December? So this next Saturday, isn't it? It's, it's normally the first Saturday. It's normally the first Saturday in December. December 14th, they backed it up. Okay. Dec Oh yeah. Because you know, they got, they got conference play now, right?


Yep. Conference. So conference play would be LA next weekend. Yeah. I, there's no question in my mind, he's the best college player. Look and there's nothing. Look, Ashton Genti had an unbelievable season. Crazy. 2000, what is he at 2000 and is he at 2020? Was it 2086? Well, we know Barry, Barry, Ru Barry rushed for 26, 25 and 11 games.


Mm. And he had another 225 yards and five touchdowns in the holiday bowl that they didn't count that. So he would've been over 2,800 yards and over 40 touchdowns in 12 games. Which, I mean, think about how much, how many yards you would literally, you would literally have to rush like 250 yards a game. Ocho to beat that. Yeah. Two, two. Eight. Eight. So he has 20, he has twenty two hundred and eighty eight yards and he has the conference championship next week. Right. He's only behind Kevin Smith. Gordon. Okay. So Barry's 26, 25 6, 26, 28. So he's about what, 350, 340 something yards.


3 34. Three 40. But I love what I saw from Colorado three 40 man ocho, if they could have just got Kansas, now they're going to the, the Big 12 championship game with a chance to go. No question. They're going to the, what you call 'em, they'll be going to the college football playoffs.


So now they have, they have to rely on two, two or three teams to lose Iowa, if I'm not mistaken. Is it Iowa? Iowa State? I think it's Iowa State. Yeah. So hopefully, hopefully everything goes in their favor and they, they make it make it to the playoffs. I think they can, they can, they can call some hell now they can call some hell and call some havoc depending on who they matched up with. So, you know, that's it is here. Here's the hope. They do make it. Yeah, he could, he could easily, but how many games have he played? 12, 13. He's played 12 games. He's played 12 games. So he's already played one more game. I don't think he's getting three 40. Who did they play? Who did they play?


Okay. Yeah. And they gonna play the college got got gonna play a game in the college football playoff. And they gonna give as many care as he need. I can see that. I can see that. So he needs a hundred because if they, what, what if, what if they lose this game? Do you think they make the college football play off? Who did We don't. But who could it possibly be, man, how to Colorado State and what you call them, beat the brakes up there.


Yeah. Yeah. So they're guaranteed at least two more games, Ocho. And so he's probably gonna need, he's gonna need 340 yards and two games. And there haven't been very many games this year that he's gotten held under 170 yards. And I think this is why I, I think this is why Prime Left, left his guys right. That he is like, look, no, no, no, no, no, no. I know it's 35. Nothing. It's a So we gonna finish this, we gonna finish this thing now. Right. And Travis, his last game at Folsom Field, nobody in Colorado is gonna re gonna not for, will not remember him. They're gonna remember him from ever.


Mm. You can make the case. He's the greatest college Colorado player ever. I mean, Cordell, Rashan, Sala, Brian Byron, Riz White, he was a chief, he was a Supreme Court Justice. He went there, but it is hard. They had Westbrook, they've had some great defender. You know, they had Alfred, Alfred Williams, and they have Hudson and they had a lot of different guy, Eric Bmy, JJ Flanigan. They've had some guys. Yeah, but it's gonna be hard to say that they've been a better player than Travis Hunter. No. Hell, wow. Georgia's losing What? 17? Nothing.


Georgia Tech Where, I mean, where I remote at. No. 'cause if I, if I turn that on, I'm gonna be looking to my left. Don't worry about it. But Shado threw the ball exceptionally well today. 34 41, 4 38 set. He, he broke his own record. He had the most touchdown passes in a single season. He upped that. Now what's he at now? Like 34. He most passing yards in the single season. I think he broke Coy Depper record back in the mid nineties when he was playing for Rick New Heisel. Yeah. He set an all time single season passing record, the previous record with 3,527 yards set by Coy Depper with another game to play.


So he has an opportunity to, to to, to move that even further. Ocho Travis Hunter, he had already had, he was the Heisman front runner and today was his most impressive game of his career. A three touchdown performance, a won an interception, a couple of pass breakups. Hunter had 10 catches for 116 yards, three touchdowns. His fourth interception on the Caesar with the regular season and the stat book offensively. He had 92 receptions, 1,152 yards, 14 receiving touchdowns. One Russian touchdown on defense. He had four interceptions with a lot of quarterbacks not even throwing in his direction. He is the best collegiate player in football. We've never seen a guy that could do what he did on both sides of the ball.


The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


With Kroger brand products, you can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices. And with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pickup, or in store, Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL. Order Now terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


Can you believe all this? Talk about GLP ones. Of course you can. It's all people talk about. Have you heard about Future Health? Though they make access to qualified doctors that know GLP ones easier than ever. People can struggle with weight loss for years, trying various diets and exercises without lasting success with GLP ones, many people notice a reduction in cravings and felt more in control of their eating habits, which lead to weight loss, physical health, and feeling more optimistic about their future. Feeling good is most important. And no matter what you do to be healthy or to get in good shape, now science can be utilized. Everyone wins. They give millions of people affordable access to knowledgeable providers who really know weight loss medications for less than $3 a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in three minutes@tryfh.com. That is try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health


Game on because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus. For bundle subscribers, you can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESP n plus together like never before. With ESPN plus, unwrap a full day of NBA action streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying Sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus now streaming and on Disney Plus. Follow a new adventure across the galaxy in Star Wars skeleton Crew. Now streaming terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details.