
The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've Told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume,


The NBA 82 game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the hot stakes, drama, clutch moments, and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting, draft King Sports book has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playing games all the way through the finals, now it's time to back your favorite player and teams as they go. Chase Glory. All season long DraftKings has been your go-to spot for NBA player prompts and that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30, 40, or even more? It's your call ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app now. Lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for you. First timers new drafting customers bet $5 and get $200 instantly. In bonus bets. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 instantly in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the earth a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweet details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


You know the guy, the Kals came back. Walter. Walter Nolan, What do we think about this guy? Good. Pick The tackle. Like you said though, once you start getting, once you get past hi bad, those first seven eight picks now. Now if anybody's there that you wasn't expecting to be there. Yeah. Right. That that's what makes it hard. Yeah. I mean there's not, well I'm taking the best available player, but all of a sudden you expecting somebody to go seven or you expecting somebody to go 10 and here they are sitting there 13, 14. Yeah. Even though I might not need that. Yep. Yep. The best team, the best team in the draft is on the clock.


Now you, you look at Philly, Philly had Fletcher Cox, they had Brandon Graham, but they still selected D Lineman. Yeah. They get Jalen Carter, they get Jordan Davis, they get this with, they get, they get an edge rushing. They go, it's like what are you doing? And look what won him the Super Bowl. Yeah. It was the defensive line to Patrick Mahomes. Yeah, because you, you got no answer for it when you got five, six guys that you can GoFund. The funny thing about that game is the Eagles front four we to get to Patrick Mahomes at Will. They didn't blis the whole damn game. Yeah. Not once. Not Once, but yo, You know this to get a team outta cover two, you gotta run 'em out of it. You can't throw a team outta cover two.


No. You gotta run 'em out of it. And so what happened is, and and, and, and, and Philly played the long game. They're gonna get impatient. They ain't gonna stick with the run. I know they ran it the first three players. They got a first down. Yeah. But they're not gonna stick with it now once you fall behind. Yeah. And you don't wanna stick with the run, you play it to they hold. Yeah. That's big fan Joe. Say just go hunt. Don't even worry about the run. Well he knew their defensive line was such a bad matchup for the Chief's o line that even if they tried to stick with the run, they wouldn't be consistent enough to move it down the field. Right. So you gotta be in a situation when you play the Eagles. You need to be second, you need to be third and short. You know, you need to get five yards. I don't wanna see third and long as a tackle. No, a nah.


You, you need, You know, you gotta, you, you gotta, you gotta stay positive. That's right. You can't have a false star appeal. You can't play behind the sticks when you play against the Eagles. Hold on. They just got the defensive end from the Eagles number 94. The, he should have been the MVP. He is out there at the Eagles. Yeah. Because remember he went with a a, a Shane Steen. So, okay. They're stacking Yeah. Ing on the D line. Looks like Walter May need a bigger hat though. I don't think he was expecting to be in Arizona. Cardinal. He, he might need a eight. I think that's a seven or a quarter, Joe. I might be a six in four.


Look, dread do that. Hey, well just go ahead and unlock it. Oh, I think the Bengals are taking Sanders. James Pierce. He said Where, where, where is he from? Edge, edge, Russian. From who? Where? Tennessee. Okay. They definitely need defense. They definitely need defense. But the question is, Tcho, I didn't, I I didn't know that one. Oh wait, here we go. Leave it. Wow. What is he?


Edge? Edge We going, we're going on defense. It doesn't matter. Huh? Why they haven't moved Trey Hendrickson bank? Yes. Green Bank. Because they're not, I don't know. Gonna sign him to the contract. Right. He deserves, he ain't So why are you holding him hostage? Bitch? They want a first round pick. Nobody's giving you a first round pick for a 31-year-old guy. Yeah. And a guy that they're gonna have to pay. Right. They gotta pay him and they gotta give a first pick and he's probably not gonna last that. Come on Watson. Yeah, but I mean that's the thing though. They're just stubborn this as this guy. Well the thing is they wait till the umpteenth hour. That's right. Just think about it. If you give Jamar Chase you, you, you had to pay end up paying 30 more million dollars.


Right. You gotta pay him more if you wait. Nice. And if you already know he's the guy, why not pay And he won the triple crown. That's So how much do you Think you was gonna pay? Right, chase? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Do the same thing with T. Yep. Yep. And now you got T you got Hendrickson. Hendrickson is like, bro the market is 30 plus middle thirties. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. 17 and a half sack back to back years. Right. First team all pro. I was in D He's got nobody around him either. Imagine if he was on a, a defensive line like the Eagles are like pair him with a miles. Garrett like Yeah. Other guys that are gonna pull some blocks. If I'm Washington now you hear, you hear that Washington might be in play with TJ Watt, but if I can't get TJ watt, I I'll give a, I'll give up a third or a fourth round pick for Heon.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. You need to go ahead and load up before Jane Daniels comes up. That's right. That's right. You see where the contracts are now? Yeah. Yeah. 60 million. Yep. Jay Dave gonna be at 65 70. Oh yeah. Yep. For sure. The way the salary caps rising easily. Yep. Yes. So you gotta win. You gotta win and stack your team right now before you have to pay him or do like Philly. You see what Philly do? Philly signed that guys at the top of the market and then in two years they look at that contract like wow, he really underpaid. Hey They they catching him early. They catching him early. It's a great time. They look, they got Lane Johnson tied up, they got a JSON tied up. They got Dickinson lying tied up. Yeah. They got Malau tied up.


They got Jalen Hurtz tied up. They got Devonte and AJ Brown tied. Tied. Yeah. Because You know that big guy coming Jaylen Carter. Oh yeah. I up that brink trucks. Yeah because he Finn to go, he finna go past the, the D lineman from Kansas City. Chris Jones. Chris Jones about 31 and a half. Yeah. He about to go 33. Yeah he 34. Absolutely. Yeah. Well Eagles have been smart about signing guys early. You know, I think it's really important you got 'em in the building if You know what they're gonna be mock 'em up before everybody else finds Out. Yeah. Their, their time, their timing and ability to do that has been impeccable. Yeah. And it's paid off dividend. What helped them is Jay Carter didn't come back his last year in shape and he didn't play like he played the year before.


Had he come back in shape. He's the first pick in the draft, not the 10th pick in the the draft. Right, right. And so Philly got a steal. They got a guy that had first, first pick talent Ray at the 10th pick. Yeah. You pick us then What Do we think? I think they going edge. They going deep This, listen, we going deep this no matter what Stewart, They took Stewart a and m. Okay. I like it. I like it. And the linebackers saying he want more money. Hey. Oh Joe, what's 57 names?


Jermaine Pratt. Yeah, Pratt Pratt want more money. Hey you pick the wrong. He want more money. I want more money. You picked the wrong year to want more money because you had a down year. I was gonna say DeMar you wants but ain't gonna get it. You know the Bingos like, they love making an example out of people. Yes. Oh man. I like, I like this. I like y'all didn't have no choice but to go defense. We, We don't, we don't. 'cause the problem with us is, is we can't beat nobody. 'cause if we score 60 points, the other team scored 65. Yes. We ain't got, we ain't got no choice. Guess what? You should go defense in second two, second round two. Matter of fact, The whole, our whole every pick, we got whole draft defense.


The whole draft gotta be Defense. It's 5 2 67 don't you? Well they gotta show the highlight over the left tackle, didn't they? Oh boy. Nice. Arm over. Let's see what he got. Woo. Quick first step right there. Okay, nice. Hey, did you pitch him that? The old Ouch. Here we go. Versatility playing on the other side. Ooh, nice. Let's see what he got. Okay. Here. Hey, here to head up. Come on man. Y'all ain't let the band split you. Oh you go baby You. Here we go. Oh, you gotta pitch you come on guard Finn bla the tackle. But after guard. That's right. You get that on college football where they line up in those fronts.


Yeah. And they, they don't know who they got. Oh, here we go putting the hat on. Woo Steelers. Oh wow. That was, that was Watch out. Roger's getting old now you gotta be careful by that was so Aggressive. It finally, it finally hit. They thank You know they're not picking Roger up on Roger. They not o up no more. Come on, come on this. Look at he is messed up. His hair messed up his and he shook Roger so hard. He messed up his hair. I like OYI really like this thing for y'all.


Y'all need an edge. I know, because Harvard's gone too. Harvard's retired. Yeah. Yep. They're not letting Trey go down. I mean, do do, do You think they work something out With Trey? Yeah. Work a trade out. That's what he should've done. It's getting a little late. Well, they want those trays to happen before the draft. Yeah, That's what I think. That's why I think he might not be going anywhere. I'm not sure what they gonna do. But if Hub Hubbard's gone, this is your answer to replace Hubbard. Yeah. You got him to replace Hubbard. But you need what you call him on the, on the other side. He gonna be there. We ain't got no choice. We don't have no choices That's going but, but the thing is he ain't gonna wanna play on that. That what he make it 12 and a half, 13 mil.


That's it. And he see the draft, the going rate for a line edge rusher 30, mil 35. Yeah. Yep. That where up? Yes. Yep. Because you and Michael, Michael said today, Hey the market is 35. Yeah. And the market 30 is, that's what it is. Folks at 30 going to McDonald's and see I'll give you $2 for that Big Mac. Right, right. $6 now. Sorry. Look at Miles. What? Miles? Garrett. Look at Bley. Yeah. Yep. Look at Chris Jones. Yep. Bro, the market is what the market is. Oh, I'm sorry.


When big Bitcoin was a hundred thousand a buck coin. It is a hundred thousand foot has come down. But this barking ain't coming back. You may not like it, but who you gonna play out there if you don't got him? So at what point do we think teams start calling about Shado like an opportunity to move up out of the second round? Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh you think? I always look, we really felt you started hearing the rumblings that giants weren't gonna be in play. Cleveland weren't gonna be in play. You got Russ, you got Jamis. Are you really taking a quarterback third? I don't think so way. Now you got New Orleans, especially with Derek Carr's shoulder. Yeah. How healthy is he gonna be? Yeah. Once you got past nine, you looked at everybody else. They got quarterbacks.


Yeah. That they've paid or they've drafted in the last year. So You know, he wasn't going there. So now Pittsburgh seems like the next, my my question to you is, in Pittsburgh it gets a little cold. Played there a few times. Little wet ur not a big arm. Doesn't throw a real tight spiral. Do you think that's a goodfor? It gets cold. Yeah. Cincinnati gets cold. Yes. Feeling it gets cold. That'd be a tough division. Have, hold on. He just played, he played in Colorado. It gets cold. I think he's, I think he's gonna be all right because despite what he doesn't have as far as arm strength, he's very accurate and precise with his throwing. Yep. You gotta be that, That too. He got some good receivers.


You got a Steelers fan here in the front row? I think. Seahawks, what do you like? That's big Seahawks track Hawk Lakers in five. Georgia Tech. Who? Oh, line. Okay. Okay. Great. Zabel Guard, North Dakota State offensive lineman. Always a good decision. A lot of guards been going here already in the draft. That's like usually one of those positions. You don't really value a whole lot to pick at the top 20, but Yeah, well they look, they wanna run the ball.


They wanna run the ball with carbon and, and K nine. Yeah. I I I like it. I like this big For the most part. I'm surprised though, considering okay, you bring in the third pick. Sam Donald, you got JS Jsn. Yeah, but you cut lock it and you trade D. Okay. So I would've, I'm confused with that. Yeah. Right. We're sending mixed messages here. Yeah, we really are. Tell me you have, think about it. You have, I think for me, I think Gino's better than Sam Donald because, and plus you got him in the system. Now I granted you brought the offensive coordinator who called plays last year in in Minnesota. Yeah, I get it. Same guy's gonna be in his ear.


But he ain't got the same talent pool over there. No. A little different ball game out there. They got, they gotta get, they gotta get something else out there. Boom. I feel like I'm watching running back highlights. And they drafted a guard. They gotta get somebody out there at the receiver position on the perimeter. Yeah. They, they got to You think day two Day two, they go, Yeah, probably day two. You got some, you got some good dudes out there that been come in there. It, it won't be no dk a calves. Right. Won't be that. But you, you'll have some, some, some quality guys that can go out there and play balls. What, thinking about Tampa. Tampa got a nice defense.


They got receiver, they got Chris Godwin, they got Chris Godwin's coming off of injury. Mike Evans, Mr. Consistent K tight end. I love those two running backs they got. Yeah. Love those running backs. Tristan Worth out of this world offensive line. Yep. Yep. You go in defense, you go offensive lineman, You know, they're in a good position because they don't have any real super obvious needs where Right. And we gotta get something here. But Anything they get is the Cherry top. I take Will Johnson, I think a pass catcher honestly, because some of those guys they got are great, but they're getting a little older and at the end of the first round, you gotta start thinking about that injury starting to come with a, that's a little bit more regulator. Right. Chris Godwin. Yep. Like what, three or four of the last four years he's missed.


Yeah. From a significant amount of time. Time, Yeah. So, yeah. So Joe thinking, okay, we'll get a pass catcher And I think they can go either offense or defense, whatever they do pick for them because they really have no necessary needs. Yeah. I I I think it's, it's a cherry on top. It's a cherry on top. They add to what you already got. They take a defense Johnson corner, four, three top bowls like the plan Conservative. Yeah. Maybe corner. I like this is a great spot.


I like that hat. Yeah. Well you don't really need, you don't really need anything to put you over the top. I don't think any, anything coming right here at 18 is gonna put you over the top. But I can add some quality depth. Yeah. Yeah. You might start thinking about taking some calls to trade back a little bit. Possibly. Yeah. Right. Okay. We'll see, usually that happens quicker though. But here's the thing. Is there anybody that you feel won't be there when you pick it right now? That's right. Yeah. Normally you trade. Yeah. You wanna slide back but still get the guy that you want. Right? Yeah. If I could slide back to say maybe I don't think Pittsburgh, the question is, well, Denver might move.


I don't think Pittsburgh moving. So Yeah, they get a lot of heat if they passed up on Shado, I think. And I think that yeah, the, the noise is getting louder because they've had success but they're just not breaking through in the playoffs. Right. 'cause they don't have that guy a quarterback right now. And in that division, the only way to compete, the only way to win, especially the a FC North is with quarterback. Yeah. Because you got Joe Burn and, and, and, and, and, and Lamar. Lamar, yeah. You got at some point some you can't go into the game and say, oh yeah guys, we gonna hold these guys to 17. Nah, you're not, that ain't, Hey guys, we gotta score 35 today. Right? The pick is in here we go.


Huh? No, no, no, no. We could somebody we thinking something they might trade back. What the buck take? Uca. Ash. Ash. What? That's A good one. Me, Buca from Ohio State. They took who? Mecca O. Okay. Okay. Being reported. They take a receiver from You gotta eat more McDonald's.


That's it. Joe, you still in, you still in in Cleveland, Wisconsin. I'm in Madison. Came back home. Came back home. Yeah. Yeah. The whole family's here. So you get, you get too many games in Cleveland? Yeah, I still work for the team. So I get out to a few games and Yeah. Still you still got a place out there. Oh, okay. Yeah. Makes sense. Yeah. Not high dollar real estate. So I can afford a housing. But you're not from Madison. Are are you from Madison? I'm from Milwaukee. Okay. Okay. Yeah.


All your fa all your family's from Sask. Oh, are we foreshadowing here? Maybe. Well, we know he is not going to Denver. No, not going to Denver, but, and Tampa Bay Tampa's probably fielding calls right now, right? Oh yeah. 'cause everybody's thinking Pittsburgh Yeah. Is where he is gonna go. Boom. Gotta jump Pittsburgh if you want him. Well the thing is, is that if somebody already got the first, got a first round pick, traded back, traded my second pick, and I traded you my first next year. Yep. So let's see what different does. That's what the Browns did my year. They took me three then traded.


Yeah. Ohio. Saving fever. I told you, I told you that. A young Mel Kuper right here. That's a, that's a good, that's a good one. Well I think, look, that's A good one. Mike Cam is getting a little older. Chris Gowin injury prone Mecca. Mecca. That's A big thing man. You know. Hey, Ohio State receivers, they Every, every time every year, they don't miss It's received for you. Oh, here we go. He is fired up. Where is he right now? That looks like one hell of a place. Washington. Woo. Looks like he's in a Ruth's Chris Steakhouse. I mean, think about it.


You got Tampa weather, you indoors in New Orleans? Yeah. Indoors in Atlanta. Yeah. You get Carolina. If I go to Carolina early, I ain't got nothing that I got. I got game every game. Beautiful. Yeah, he, he's pretty happy right now. He ni he's nice. Good route. Get it. Got the dagger. There we go. Hands. Ooh. Good move boy. Nigga. I don't know what they do, what they do out in the, in Columbus, but they got some receivers coming out every year. They got off and they got Jeremiah Smith.


They got Smith coming out. Oh man. It, it's not fair. Right. What they're doing, You know they got, they're five deep at receivers. Yeah. And all of 'em are first round picks. What you think about? And Jameson Williams was there. He couldn't get on the field. So he goes down the Alabama, he the top 10 pick. That's amazing. Be nice. Be nice. So Wilson Crystal lava, if I'm the Broncos I trade, I try to trade back. Trade what? But you trade back trade Nobody wanna trade. Yeah. I trade outta the first round and pick up me an extra pick. You think so? Huh? Howling.


Oh. Let's see. Ash, what are Broncos looking like? Rocco's on the clock. We got four minutes. What? Todd? Todd will pick up a few Lbf on a stress getting ready for the draft on a late night hamburger runs. That's a good, I like it. I like it. I mean, Joe, you called this one Joe, you said hey you Think you gotta start thinking about that next generation of pass catchers? You do. Yeah you do. You do.


That's dope. They, if I'm the Broncos, what do I need? And I might take a receiver. Yeah. I I like gold. I like, I like a receiver here. I like a receiver. Hold on. What about Hampton running back? Well you got, you got two running backs Already. What you call ante Javonte Williams in Dallas now nigga Right. Did leave boy, that boy be toting that ball. Boy. He run hard. I like this. I like a receipt. I wouldn't be surprised if they go running back. Sean Payton thinks back to his Saints days. Go McAllister.


I mean be able to, and to be able to pair Mark Ingram, Reggie Bush. That's right. He like a two back system. You gotta have that running back in that system. And when you got a young quarterback that you want to help to that next level. Right. You get that running game going, then you start opening up stuff down the field. Yeah. I would not be surprised if Bomar Hampton is, is the, isn't the pick here but a receiver to go opposite of a cordless Sutton. Okay. I like that too. I think Hampton's the pick right here, here. If I had to guess. I, I think running back


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel, Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told You what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and free agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I can't hear you. I don't know why, but I think Hampton. Yeah, I, I'm in, I'm in complete agreeance Hampton. Absolutely not. Are you serious? Eagles, Bengals. Steelers, dolphins, Vikings. Would I be, I mean the list goes on, But go fucking love you son. We haven't had a big play receiver in a very long time, but I think it's Hampton. I think Hampton's gonna be the big, remember we talked about it? Said Yeah.


Yeah. We could definitely, we could definitely use it. Is it MP or Golder that was Hey, Denver's a beautiful city. Who were they taking right now? Running back. I be Hampton. Who do you want 'em to take? Hampton? Yeah. I I think everybody up here wants Hampton pick is in.


All right. Should do. Well they, You know, we know they're not taking Shado. Nope. Any of those other guys are in play though. Yep. Yeah. I still think Hampton's the pick right here. I agree. You gotta boost that run game. You gotta have that workhorse back. Do you think they pick another DB to go on the other side of Pat being That they liked, they liked Kept, he kept getting all year. I know, but they say he came back off of injury so they like Okay. He was playing really well before he got nicked. Who? Oh, who that take Simmons.


Shote Baron. Huh? Shote Baron the corner from Texas. Oh wow. You can't, you can't hear Ash? No, no. I said no. Oh yeah. You know you unplugged it. Yeah. She said to come over there. There would be a little bit of cheering in here if that happened. And there's gonna be a lot of booing if they don't do that. Yeah, I got, I'm good. Yep, I got you. Yeah, it's gonna be, I, No, we good.


We good? Yeah. What happens when you run outta people? I got you Ash. I got you. I was unplugged. Alright. Cornerback, corner view. Texas. We've been wrong before. Well we, I'm a little surprised by that, but you can never have enough good corners. What? Dealing with Patrick Mahal, Justin Herbert. Yeah. You got, you got some problems in that division for all the football. John a Baron Got a baron. Texas.


Oh, well go Golden was right there. Yeah. They took a Texas player, but it just wasn't a player that we thought were they gonna take? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, this is the pick I'm really intrigued by. I I can't wait to see what Pittsburgh's gonna do here. If they don't take you do it. He's not going to the first No, I know he is gonna slide out. I I totally agree. He, they ain't taking no quarterback. Kansas City ain't taking no quarterback played.


Boy, don't, Buffalo ain't taking a quarterback. And, and I, all the boys taking a quarterback. Yeah. And and the other thing is, there's nobody that's gonna jump into the first round and give site, take him. Right. There's nobody that's obviously gonna take him. Right. That's already right there. Right. Stay home, stay home. Stay home. Pull up. Give me, He's not afraid to come up and hit either. Oh, I and I could play. Boy, I like it.


I like, I like that pick. I like that. Pick a not Yeah. I like him opposite PS two. I like him opposite Ocho. That's Gonna be nice. That's gonna be nice. I like if I like that. So, I mean, how If do man love O Joe. What if you don't go here? I mean He, he's going here. It, it, it makes sense. It, it only makes sense You were with that. Right. What are the people in Pittsburgh thinking right now? Do do Steelers fans want Sha Sanders sheers the answer thinking a dt.


Oh man. So wait, Wait. Who's The pick Ash? If we, if we're at 20, if we're at, he was a lineman. So Cam Hayward, He still there, but You know, they play a three four. So he, You know, he's the in opposite of Cam. Okay. Wow. So if, if, if you look at it now, Bev rumbling that he might slide, he's, he's, it's happening. It was interesting because just a couple weeks ago, all the talk in Cleveland was about do you take Shado and I think more than 50% thought that Shado was gonna go to Cleveland at number two.


Now he might fall outta the first round. Not, he's not going to Houston. He's not going to the Rams. He's not going to the Raven. He's not going to the bills. Yeah, he's not going to the Eagles. He's not going to Kansas City. That's the problem when you're a quarterback, he's for Detroit. And you don't get picked in the top half. Those teams pick it in the second half of the first round. They don't need quarterbacks. Hold on. That's why they went to the playoffs. Let's talk about, let's talk about if you do slip out the first round. Yeah. When it comes to the second round, what teams still need a quarterback at that point? Cleveland, the Giants. So there's still the possibility he can still go to the Giants or Cleveland? Yes. Oh yeah. That's not a bad thing. No, that's not a bad thing. We don't see the glasses half full when it's half full. You see it's half what?


You heard the boo. They took a DT tackle. Oh wow. Morgan. I was trying to Figure Uhoh. We got a Few Steelers fans are feeling a little upset right now. I wish he had the mic. Here. Give him the mic. Wow. Oh wow. We, ugh, the man's never had a losing season and we're calling for him to get fired up here. Wow. And get outta here. Well, there's at least a few Steelers. Fans are excited. Excited. Fans are excited. The fans like him. Not this one, but we talk about Pittsburgh. Well, hell, if he go to the Cleveland, they play the same teams that the Steelers played and everybody outside.


Oh yeah. He go to the Giants. Yep. They outside. Yeah. And it's cold. Yes. No, he's not going to the charges. The bills. Oh, he ain't going to the packings. Oh, you talking about gold? I thought you talking about Sha Door. Yeah. That's possibility. That's A big boy, man. They don't they done salt anymore. Other I they done saw him go up. Yeah, They done, they done said all those bad things. But You know, They, they did It on purpose. They did a number on it. Yeah. They, they did a, they did the job on it. He can get it a get back though.


He can get his get back. Yeah. Hell that when the fourth round, it became the highest paid quarterback in NFL history. Hey. And you get to that, you get to the bad quicker because, You know what I'm saying? You got, that's got, that's your option if you're in the second round. Oh man, Steelers love the big old line like that. They can't help themselves. Fire tank. They can't help themselves. They gotta pick a D lineman. You gotta a big D lineman. They just can't help themselves. They can't, they, they love them. They love the fire tanks. I mean, he look just like he, I he buys your cab. Hey. Yeah, yeah.


Absolutely. Man. I, that, that, that, that kind of, that that, that, that, that upsets me a little bit. I I, I think, I think we all surpris other than the Steelers. Yeah. They, they don't look surprised at all. They're, I'm, I'm trying to figure out what's your answer at the quarterback position to be able to compete in the a FC North Mason is Mason Rudolph your answer. You've already, you've already, already I'm smiling right now. Tesla throw back hard saying. That's all I can say. Right. You've already had what Mason Rudolph out there every game. I, you, you had him, you let him go to Tennessee Yep. For a reason. If he was that guy, you never allow him outta your building. Yep. I don't know.


I I don't know him leaving and coming back. You think he got some great coaches somewhere? What changed? Nope. Nope. I'm, I'm confused. I'm making moves. Like that means you don't know what to do at that position. You don't, you got no plan. But You know what that tells me? I got security at this, at this job though. Exactly. That's what that tells me, Joe. Yep. Check your phone chargers. What, what do we think? Where are their positions of need? What are they thinking? I think this is a golden spot right here.


Oh my, I I think Golden goes right here. I, I think because they, Harbaugh wants somebody that remember they number five. He ended up going to Buffalo. Remember for the Chargers. What's I, Ash, what was the number five's name for the charger? Palmer. Palmer. I think he, I think he's in Buffalo now. Okay. So Makes sense. Yeah. Makes sense. I I think Harbaugh wants a, a pass catcher for Herbert. Yep. That, that's an obvious position for me. That they wanna upgrade. They want to give him somebody that they can grow together and have 10 years together. Right. Joe, thanks for stopping back. Hey, give it up for Joe Thomas. Guys. Shit, don't tell football. Hall of effect.


Thanks guys. See you baby. Something I gotta say thank you. I got a little gift for you guys. Come on. Hungry up here. My man over here said I'll be right back all. Hey guys, we got the number three overall draft pick joining us. Abdul Carter. Just in just A second. Getting in the back. The number three A We gonna get drunk in the door.


Yeah. I What? What? You're playing work, man. You crazy man. Hey, you too fat to stop me. Great man. This is great. What we got Joe, Guys so hungry. Appreciate that. My family farming Wisconsin. I Bro, thank you baby. Yo. Hey, after, after the show is on me and you.


Yeah. Yeah. And don't try to run, don't try to run. Wow. Don't run. Yeah. God, I don't think any, I don't think anybody saw this, but we saw this over the last week. People was talking about Ur could possibly side outta the first round if he didn't go early. If he didn't go two, if he didn't go three, if he didn't go 21. Nobody after 21 needs a quarterback. Kansas City has said, Buffalo has said, Baltimore said the charges are set. I, but I will say this, it's not how high you go, it's where you go. He still has a chance to go to Cleveland in the second round.


Go to the Giants in the second round. Yeah. Congratulations. Congratulations. Where I Back Billy? Stand up. Hey man. What was it like in the green room waiting back call? Did you have an idea that it was, could possibly be the Giants? Yeah, I definitely had a good feeling. My, I usually trust my gut. My gut said in New York, my parents wanted 'em to go to go to New York. So I'm a I'm a New York giant. This, you had a journey.


You wanted to go play college football. That was your dream. Probably Penn State was your dream, your dream college situation. Now it's a different journey. Your journey to get here. Now the journey starts all over again to be great here. What has prepared you for this moment? Yeah, I'll have to start with my dad. Just him training me my whole life. Teaching me everything I know, all the work I put in, all the sacrifices they made for me. And now it all starts again. I'm back to work, back grinding. I'm ready to get started. I, I like that man. I, i got you. I'm thinking about rookie year coming in, setting short term goals. What would your short term, your short term goals be coming in to be a New York giant? What do you, what what would you set so far?


I Haven't read anything down yet, but I'm definitely gonna get some goals I wanna accomplish. I'm usually like, I'm big on that right now. My goal chasing them. But I'm know if you're gonna think about some things tonight. Yeah. You go to the Giants. Giants always had really good defenses. Kayvon Thibo on one side. You got Big Lawrence in the middle that you on the other side. Have you thought about what it's gonna be like that front four? That front seven trying to attack the quarterbacks in that division. You got the Washington Commanders, you got Jalen Hurst, the Super Bowl defending Champ Giants with Sayquan Barkley and those talented wide receivers out there. And you got the Dallas Cowboys, Dak Prescott, cd lamb. Jerry says he has some trades up his sleeve. We haven't seen it yet. What have you thought about what your defense gonna look like when you go out there?


Your first OTAs coming up? Yeah, for sure, bro. First I just want, I wanna meet those guys, get to know 'em as men. Develop a relationship as a teammate. Then once I do that, we gonna hit the field. Let's create havoc. You do realize now you followed into the guy you wore that number 11. You gotta to be a hell raiser. Hell he did You put that jersey on at Penn State for a reason. Now the last guy that came outta Penn State that won that, that wore that jersey, he was a defensive rookie of the year. Have you set, You know, I'm sure you guys have healthy competition. Like, hey, you got it, I'm gonna get it too. Yeah. That so, so what's your expectation, you that award is, would you like to, obviously you'd like to win it, but have you thought that far in advance what it would mean for you to go out there and have that type of season? If I do everything I'm supposed to do, pick the work in first.


All that's gonna come with it. You gonna take care of itself. Yeah. Yeah. Rookie of the year, I wanna be all pro. I won't do that. But at, at the end of the day, my main goal, I wanna win. It's gonna help my team win. Has it sunk in Yet? Not, hasn't sunk in yet. Yeah, for sure. Not now. It is crazy. It, it's gonna hit you. Yes sir. For sure it's gonna hit you. Yeah, because think when you, when you were a kid, you say your daddy has trained you your whole life and you train a lifetime, you prepare a lifetime for this moment. So you sitting back there, You know, you going early, you just don't know where you're going. It could be Cleveland, it could be the Giants. You don't know, but You know, I'm going early. It is not gonna be a long, Hey mom. Hey, don't worry about it guys. We're gonna be out here in 20 minutes. I promise you. 20, 30 tops.


I we might not be 20 but 30 tops. And we done, They was more nervous than me. But I, I had, I had a pretty good feeling where I was gonna go. So. Right. I'm happy to be a New York giant. Go big blue. That's live man. That's dope. That's dope. So now you get, you, obviously you're headed up there. As soon as you, soon as you leave us, you're gonna head up there, go around and meet the coaching staff, You know, meet the ownership, meet general manager. Probably, I don't know how long you're gonna be up there. You're gonna look for a place while you're up there or you going have that kind of time. Yeah, we gonna have to figure all that out. But I really just wanna go back, celebrate with my parents, my mom, my dad. Get 'em another hug. Let's celebrate this moment. When you get back home. Where, where, where you from? I'm from Philly. Oh. Oh, right.


Right now I'm, I'm all New York though. I'm, I'm all New York. You on? Yeah. Have you go, when you get back home in Philly, all your family, friends and loved ones that have known Abdul Carter his entire life, what is that moment gonna be like when you get with all your family, friends and loved ones and they get an opportunity to celebrate with you because it takes a village to, to raise that Bull Carter. Yeah. If I can't wait, I'm real thankful for them. Everybody who helped me get to this moment. And I can't wait to give back. Just knowing everybody that helped me get here are the sacrifices people made. But I mean, you, I, man, I was talking to Ocho, I said Ocho even pops iced out. He said, I ain't finna let you out. Do we all do ain. Get me somebody while you at it, sir. Did the pops got a grill too?


No, he don't got the grill, but he got the a genius chain on. Yeah. He okay looking. I know your mom. I know your mom. Your, your mom was like, she was really emotional back there. I saw, I think that was your sister with also, right? Yes ma'am. And, and she was like, okay, I'm looking, looking at your mom. And she was like, woo. Relieved. Yeah, I'm sure she did a lot of praying for this moment. Yeah. Seeing her happy, seeing her proud of me. That's, that's my heart. None. Give me more joy. None. None. Make me more happy seeing her, happy for me.


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel, Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, listen To the forties and free agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


I like it. I just, just thought about all the obstacles, all the adversity, especially that your parents go through, all the sacrifices they make to get to this point, to actually repaving back and actually making it. Man, I'm, I'm just, congratulations to you. Congratulations you and the family. And man, I, I wish you nothing but love and luck man out there. I appreciate you yourself. You know, you gonna have to get a big, big old check. That first check gonna be big. What's the first thing you going to do? I gotta take care of my people's first. Get my mom and dad something nice. I'm definitely gonna give something nice. Treat myself. Yeah. Oh, so when you get something nice, you talking about a big here, you gonna get another, another piece of ice? What? I mean what you look at that Probably vehicle? What, what, what, what's your, what's your dream vehicle? Probably something more low key. I already, I already had my dream. My first car was my dream car.


What was it? What was that? A Tesla model X. But The X flat or just regular flat. Wha stop trying you man. What you finna get? Man? Stop talking about the test. Look, we'll see what happens. I want some more low key stay out the way. But What happens? Okay. Oh, so you trying to look, you look for a slider, huh? Yeah. So, but, but what, I mean, what do you, what do you, what do your mom, what do your mom and dad want? Do they want a new crib? Do they want vehicles? What do they want? Have you, have you asked them? Have they, have you thought about it? They getting whatever they want. It's on me. Yeah. I like That. I like That's What you gonna get. Si. Whatever she want. It's on you. It's on me. Well Wait, I want, You know what I want. Nah, not you.


Not you not now. Yeah. Wait, wait. Find you Uncle Jersey or something. Send be something We do. I can get y'all jersey for school. I just wanted, I just want a Coupon from McDonald's get 11. We'll see, I, I don't, I don't think I went 11, but it is number I I I got You got a number in mind? Yeah, I got a number if anybody have it. Because You know you might have to get off some bread if somebody got it. You got, so who Got 11? Some Say you don't want 11. No, 11 was a P State thing. Well you gotta, he said I'm starting from scratch. You gotta Keep that thing going boy. I want something new. Double Zero. Double zero. He say, plus Michael. Michael 11. I ain't finna do that. I did that at P State. We kept that lineage going. Now it's time for Abdul. You Gotta go single digit though. No, it's a double digit.


It's a double digit. Yeah, It's retired though. But we'll see. I gotta have some conversation. As long as it, as long as it ain't 56, you might can get it. But if it's 56, I don't know if you can get that one Now. I love to hear that. Hear You wanna follow lt, But we'll see what happens. And you do nothing. Big joke Field? Hell yeah. I fill big shoes before I'll do it again. Oh, okay, Okay. I like that. I like that because when they talk about the best defensive players ever, you never go past lt. Yeah. You know, you hear a lot of people say, well this, we talk about wide receivers. It might be Randy, it might be you talk about running backs, it might be Barry Emmett or, or, or Jim Brown or Walter Peyton. You go to a lot of different, when they come to defensive players, one dude That's the goat.


Yeah. And he go by, he don't even go by real name. He go by initials. Lt. Sure. Bad Abdu. Man. I'm so proud of you, man. I've been watching your tape. I I was looking at you at the bowl game and I was like, man, he just, I mean he beating these guys with one move and then it's like, well, nah, he had a shoulder, his shoulder was messed up because I Man, you rip, I mean you tremend that first step, you turn, translate speed to power. You do it, you can bend the edges, you got a great match arm, rip the bull. How do you get better? What does Abdul carne need to work on to get better? I think there's a lot of ways I can get better. It was my first year in a new position, so I, I'm just getting started.


The sky's the limit for me. I could just keep getting better. I could play tight. End two. Oh, he trying to pull, he try out. I No, I'm just saying he ain't the only one who could do it. But hey, So they put you on the gold line, you gonna go catch it? You hell Yeah. Like that. Put it out, put it out there in the universe. Yes Sir. The Giants. So obviously when you visited the Giants, you had a great conversation. Yeah. What made you so sure, what made you feel comfortable that the Giants was the place that you were probably gonna end up? Yeah, I just trusted my gut. My gut told me the Giants, my parents wanted me to go there Because they close by now. They can drive up. They catch the fella Anytime they want. Yeah. So I just felt a good connection with them. They got to know me, I got to know them. It was a perfect fit. I'm a New York giant.


You you getting season tickets for who? Your mom. Mom and dad. Oh yeah. They, they, they not gonna miss a game for sure. I know them. Yeah. And plus, and plus when you Philly, they gonna see hey and Washington is not that far away. So they gonna see you everything right there 10 times a year right there. Close. That's unbelievable. Yes, sir. When you was growing up, did you ever think you'd be a, a New York giant? Fun fact, when I was 12 or 13 years old, I had a dream. I got drafted up by the Giants, but it's hard to believe. But I actually had a dream. I got drafted here. So You, you didn't want to, being from Philly, your dream wasn't to play for The Eagles. Yeah, but they, they had picked 32. They, they would have to trade up. Hey, hey, I'm doing, say I ain't Finn to hold you on that one.


I would try to be picked 32. I'm in New York. I'm on New York. Hey, that's it. The third pick in the draft. Hey, you, you got something on Michael? You like, Hey bro. Hey, I aint, I ain't, hey, I ain't want to brag in the glory of the both, but You know, you boy, you almost because Lamar, Lamar, Lamar went Two. Yeah, he went two for sure. He Went three. Yeah. And You know his knees wore, wore out. But Lamar was, I, I was in the league when I was kinda at the tail end of my career when Lamar You were Yeah. A boy. Yeah. The one thing, yo one thing you wear that level now because you can't put that level on if you ain't no hell raising out dude. Yeah. His son got it now. So we got, we gonna see what he do. But yeah, all those guys that look out for me, they took me under their wing and I'm real thankful for those guys. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's unbelievable. That's unbelievable. And I'm so proud of you.


I know your family's proud of you Abdul, man. Thanks for coming bro. We really appreciate because we know. Tell Bailey. Thanks Abdul Carter. Guys Don't forget eating McDonald's. Whoa. Thank you. Oh bro. Congratulations man. Abdul Carter, ladies and gentlemen. The third pick in the draft of New York football Giants.


Yeah. What you got? Yeah. Oh. What y'all taking? Jhi? Campbell. Campbell. Campbell. You High? Campbell you saying Campbell? I like Warren better Jambo. I like, I like Warren better. I'm not saying he is not good, but Warren, I think Warren can be special.


They traded Bear mind Golden. Matt and Golden to the Packers. They traded back Golden. They traded Matthew Golden to the pa, to the, to the Packers. Oh, they traded it? No Packers Golden. Oh, okay. I can't, we can't tell you what they're gonna do.


But you're gonna be surprised. You would be surprised. I'm not Surprised. Roll eyes again. Nah, you, you'll be happy with the pick Jay. Jay. Yeah. They they're doing, they're doing something with a division rival. Nah, no, for real. No, no, no. Nah. I'm serious. You gonna be surprised. You gonna be happy with the pick. But you gonna be surprised how they got the pick. Oh, Viking, What they did.


Look at what they did, what we got, what we got, what we got, what we got selection is in. It's, you're gonna be, you're gonna be happy. But it's surprising how they got there.


How's it going? That's a good pick. Yeah, that's, that's a good, that's a good pick. That's a real, like, it. I like it. But that, that means somebody's gone. Who? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Hamstrings speed is too cold out here. Man. You know when you a fast guy, you don't like cold weather. Hold on man. You need to run too guy.


Yeah. I like this pick. Yeah, you like this pick You like golden. So you good now? Huh? They trading with Green Bay. He nice. I mean with Minnesota. He's nice. They going to ask who did, who did Minnesota take, they took Jihad Campbell.


What? You too? Jihad Tam Jahad Tam to the Vikings. Wow. Ain't nothing better than you. Better a receiving going to a team that has a quarterback. Ain't that throws the ball. Hea let it rip. Huh? Oh, I love to pick for Green Bay. I love to pick Real quick question.


Huh? He, he a farm. He Yeah, his his family got a farm. Hey. Yeah. I guess his, I guess his family does sausage. You Know, something on the couch. Lemme know something. I'm gonna make you walk home. Make you walk home. Ash, I thought they was taking what you call them.


Oh, they taking Donovan Jackson, O Line, Ohio State. Where? Where'd he go? Huh? Ohio State. I know, But what team? Bikes. Bikes. Okay. Wow. Not even a hundred. It, Oh, Not even 10.


Hey, where you from? I'm from St. Louis. Man. You from St. Louis? St. Louis. What you doing with a I'm Nah, you, you said we knife You said, you said you're from St. Louis. You should have on Rams gear. Wow. That's your team. Ah, so you, you are, you a bandwagon? You a bandwagon. Whoa. Pause.


Ooh, Let's go. Wait, gimme that. Ooh, Nice. That was nice. Nice. But it's hard to, to play that speed up, that close to the gold line if the, that guy kaja because they lost y'all balance Every time. And it's, and most, most of the time what you do, what's gonna happen is you get a deviated. NFL Hold it. Right. Right on you tour nowhere, tuck, go nowhere. I don't, I don't know.


We, we will see it. Wow. They're trading back Into the first round. Why would they trade back? Quarter back? You mean trading up, Trading back into the first Yes. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. Put rumors. That's what, so now they going go get to go get your boy. Yep. And that's a good market too. Big market. Donovan, Jackson Guard, Ohio State By Kings. Hey, you wanna make another Bet? Yeah. Red. What you red? Four, three. You wanna make another bet?


Should do it to the giants. Giants just traded back. A Giants traded back to Houston. Can you Mac? That'd be dope. Abdul Carter. And you go back and get your door, you get, You get everything you wanted. You get the deep, you get the defensive player you wanted and the quarterback that you like at the spot that you wanted him on. One year deals Shado.


Sit. Shado gets to sit back for a year. Watch Russ, watch Jam. Take everything in. I like it. I like to pick if, if this is the move and I, I don't, it, it, I like this move, right? Because I get, guess what? I get what I wanted. Right? I address what I need first. I address my need. I like that. Look.


Jackson Dart. Somebody else might move up and get him though. Or are they taking Jackson Dart? They taking a quarterback. There's no way you don't trade, you trade back into the first round if you're not taking a quarterback. Right? No way. Jackson Dart. They took Dart


The Volume, The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel, Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So As draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, listen To the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.