
What's good, Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear buds, To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Get your holidays started with the perfect tree and your perfect style from The, Home, Depot. Whether you want something that you can assemble in a few clicks, steal the show with over 2000 color changing bulbs or a tree with lights that can be controlled by remote or foot pedal The Home Depot has it all in our huge assortment of premium trees. Plus, get free delivery on over 2 million items this holiday from The Home Depot Subject to availability See HomeDepot com slash delivery. for details


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch the T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device. Credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


Thursday night football is off and it's only on Prime. Video all the way for the touchdown this week it's a Halloween treat as the Houston Texan take on the New York Jets. What a catch coverage begins with TNF tonight. not a Prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Texans and the Jets Thursday only on Prime. Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with a whole new format. And this year the Champion's League has giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match live exclusively on Paramount Plus. Head to Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports and sign up today.


The Volume


TD taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. We want to bet on touchdowns and at Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


CD LAMB responds to Troy Eggman criticism after Eggman called the Cowboys receiver, lazy and terrible cd. Responded to a sit down interview with former coach Jason Gar as a leader, I take it in, we got to work. I use it as a building block. If you say IRO are lazy, I'm going to go out there every week and show you my route. Personally, I take that as constructive criticism as well as he should. If we can control it, let's go work at it and get better at it. I'm a hard worker, so anything you say that I'm not doing, I'm going to show you that I'm doing it. I like that. I like that. That's, that's a very mature answer. I love it. Very, very, very mature answer Now, is that what he really, what he's really thinking?


Probably not, but what he said publicly is the perfect answer to the criticism that a legend from your organization who has won multiple Super Bowls. Three great response, great response. And the thing is, is that you have to understand Troy the quarterback, right? Troy used to get on Mike ass Michael Irvin. What he's saying is that like, bro, if I don't consistently know where you are, that's why people looking at us like we crazy. You and I've had the conversation as long as CD and DAK been playing together, they shouldn't have these misfires like they have There. No, no. They have, they have misfires like guys that ain't never played together.


Right. That You know what? I think that's due to now also. Yeah. Every year missing Training camp. Yeah. Yeah. Missing training camp every year. The those repetitions that you need in training camp, mini camp OTAs, all that helps. All that helps in build building that chemistry because it resets itself after every year. Yeah. It ain't, oh, I, I'm, I'm not gonna go to training, I'm not at training camp. I'm not at OTAs or I'm not at mini camp. But then coming season you think everything is just gonna be No that like that. But that's your opportunity to work on stuff though. Ocho It's just like, you don't like, man, you know what? I had my best year and I don't work anymore.


You work hard to have a better year. Right. So you get back to try to even build even a better rapport each year. Each year you want to expand. Hey, hey, we good at this. Let's see if we can get a little better at that. Okay, we got good at this and that. Let's see if we can get good at something else. Right. That's how you build, that's how you get better. And so now everything back, shoulder, fade, end, cut out, you know the speed out. Right. All that stuff. But you know, it, it's, it, it's like I said, IIII don't watch film. I used to watch film when I first started at, at at Fox. Yeah. I used to watch tape because I wanted to see, I was like, but I just, I I had to stop because it in my head I'm too critical Ocho.


Right, right. Because I'm like, bro, what, what the hell is this? That lazy ass route bro. You can't, bro, you rounded the route off. That's why the DB came through. Knock it down And then you, you put the blank on. He knew you was breaking out. That's why you jetted it. So I'm glad, I'm glad. cd I hope CD takes takes it like, okay, you played the quarterback. You know what's expected of us in Dallas. Criticism comes along with the job. Yeah. Especially a guy that played like he plays. Like he said, Troy's looking at it from a quarterback. He looking at it from Dak. Everybody's saying Dak bad, but damn these guys running these laid ass rod.


He don know where they gonna be. Right. Because the rock a when my back foot hit That ball already got When that quarterback back foot hit Ocho with his three ball ball or five. Yeah. And I can't be, I can't be jack back. That jacket, the ball off worried about you off. What is people's people coming? People coming. Yes. Knock his head off. So the Cowboys are ready to try something new and we up to help, help juice up the NFL's worst rushing offense. Dang. The team plans to elevate four time Pro Bowl running back Dalvin cook off the practice squad setting the stage for his debut.


There's 77 yards rushing per game ranked dead last in the NFL as that stands. That would be the wor Dallas worst per game average through first six games since 1989. Mm. I think that's a good look. It's a good look for the Cowboys for bringing Dalvin cook up. Isn't that when they traded Herschel? Didn't they trade Herschel? I think they traded Herschel. That was 89. They traded, they traded Herschel to Minnesota. Yeah. Man, listen, d Daven cook's, Dalvin cook's still fast, shifty. He's really good off tackle, you know, running through the holes. He can be, he can make, he can make you miss.


But ojo, I think, I think I I think what you think, you think it's gonna help it? I think it might help. Hell, they listen. They playing. They, they, the the, the coming out of a bye week. I think this is a good week for the Cowboys to rejuvenate everything they have going on. They playing the 49 ERs. The 49 ERs a hurt. Huh? Everybody hurt. I'm not sure if people are gonna play, you know, IUK is out. Brandon, I'm, I don't, I'm I'm not sure if Brandon Jen is back, but You, Juan, Jenny, I mean Jwan Jen, I'm Trump. I'm about talking about Brandy Jennings, Jwan Jennings. I'm like, man, Brandon Jennings played basketball. I know he, he definitely out, He would talk, he was talking trash about he would beat me. So it, it was still stuck in my head. It was still stuck in my head. But yeah, if if win the game, this is one that they can't win just because of the injuries.


Are you gonna run the football? Because Jerry Jones said in his offense, you know Derrick Henry wouldn't look like that because you know why? Because you won't give him the ball. Yeah. You and Guess what D Hook ain't gonna look like that either because you gonna want d throw the ball 40 times. But you, you, you know what, you could throw the ball 40 times but you gonna have to establish the goddamn run at some at some point. 'cause if you don't, all they're gonna do is sit in goddamn two shell all goddamn day. Yes. And why would I come out of it? You can't run the ball. You Can't. Exactly. And that makes it that much more difficult on D. Yes. So we're about to find out if they can, if they can run the ball. When they play that, is that a Sunday game or a Monday game?


Tomorrow is the, is the afternoon game or a night game? Sunday night. Yeah, that's Sunday night football ocho, That's gonna be a good one. That's the thing. I mean, but at, at the end of the day, Ocho, you got to, you gotta let the guy run the ball. Jerry. Think you supposed to get like, have five carries a hundred yards And and what in Madden. Thank you. You Can't even do that in Madden to about five carries a hundred yards. Just man, Jerry, I mean Jerry Jerry's been around the game long enough to know you don't have the same you. Yeah. Larry Allen not there. No. No. You ain't got the guy that was blocking for Emmett. No, but you definitely ain't getting no Emmett oh five 10 carries, Emmett told that thing 22 25, 30 times.


That's The game. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. I went back and listened to what Jerry said with Jerry said that none of the players or the staff has complained about the tour. Right. Jerry, you threatened to fire a guy that you don't even own the radio station. Yeah. So you, you done pulled that power move and you think somebody gonna say, Hey Jerry, I think that's a bad idea. You already showed them what you do. Yeah. I wonder why they ain't told you that. Jerry, you done told a man, you gonna give somebody in there to ask him more favorable questions. Right. And you think somebody that's directly tied to you gonna tell you you wrong Uhuh not a chance.


I damn mind man, Jerry no better Ain. Jerry funny man. The greatest businessman of all time, boy. Eric Dickinson set the NFL rushing record 2105 in 1984. That's after he came off his rookie season. He ran for 1808. Over the last or past 40 seasons, no one has been able to top that mark. But something could change heading into week eight. Derrick Henry's on pace to break the record and although plenty of players have gotten off the heart starts the first half of the season before fading. Lamar. Thanks Henry Might be able to break the record.


He says Henry has a good chance to top Ed's number. It's there. I feel like he has a great chance of achieving it. I think he can do it. I believe he can do it through seven weeks. Henry is rushed for 873 yards. He's on pace to run for 2120, which would be 15 yards more than Ed's record. So Henry doesn't have a huge margin for error going forward. Yeah. Ocho what you think A possibility of him doing it is really, really good. Yeah, it's really, really good. Very good. Oh, there, there's nothing the, the Ravens almost seem like a cheat code when you watch him play against everybody. They play, Lamar is running the ball, he's throwing the ball.


Derrick Henry's running the ball. He's catching balls out the goddamn backfield. That's what, that's not even part of his repertoire. Yeah, that's a big, that's a big word for him, but I can't spell it. But I mean they look really, really good offensively. Like it's damn near scary. So if I were to say the, the two best teams in the NFL offensively, I'm going Detroit and I'm going goddamn Ravens and the Ravens, they're getting it done on the ground before they even put the ball in the air. And this is the passing. This is a past happy league now. He Definitely, well my question is, at what expense does Jerry ha break that record? TD could, we could have got TD record because there are games in which td, when he ran for 2008 Ocho TD was done at the half.


Right. He'd be in rush for 150 and Mike wouldn't let it play anymore. Or he'd be in rush for 1 69 and at the third quarter, like he was done for the fourth quarter. So he sat out probably equivalent. If you look at what you go back and look at when he didn't play anymore, he probably set out the equivalent of probably three games because Mike saw the bigger picture. Yeah, I get you that record. We don't win the Super Bowl. What the hell? Hmm. Because at the end of the day, we wanted to be special. You needed to repeat. Right. In order for you to be one of these teams that people talk about re currently you gotta do it back to back. Right. So do I think he can do it?


Yeah, I do. I do. Because it's gonna be a situation where they're gonna need him to run the air outta the ball. Yeah. And he's more than capable of doing that. And I think they have a team that takes pride and kinda like when td TD did like 170 something yards to get that record Ocho. Right. Man, you oughta saw them linemen. They were block, they were blocking. I'm like, throw it, throw it Bad, please. Hey, them linemen wanted it. They like, hey, they like, oh we gonna get this, we gonna get this record, we gonna get 2000. Yeah. I think For them the, it's a pride thing and knowing that Oh Absolutely it Is. But it's the fact. It Absolutely Is.


We're the reason why he was able to get that record. So it means just as much of them as it does to him winning that record And he gets an extra game 17 instead of 16. Right. What was so amazing, OJ went for 2003 and 14. Damn. In Buffalo, Them boy, them boys, but them boys were toing that rock boy. Oh, the electric company. That's what they call the offensive line, the electric company. Right. Riley McKenzie, Joe Del Lama. They were moving people age moving Them out. Huh? They were moving him up out there. Actually Joe Ferguson, if I'm not mistaken, Joe Ferguson was the quarterback. Joe Ferguson was the quarterback we played by rookie year. We played Indy.


Joe Ferguson was the quarterback in Indy in 1990. And I think OJ broke that record in what, 73? Right. And he was the quarterback. He was the quarter, he was the quarterback for OJ and he was the quarterback at Indy. Right. That's dope. Yeah. We know what happened. What, what. But hey, that he was a hell of a running back. Everybody wanted to be 32. Everybody. The NFL fine jets, linebacker, Quincy Williams, 45, 40 5,000, $20 for unnecessary roughness use of helmet on the hit to steal his Jalen Warren last week, Quincy tweeted, how am I supposed to make this tackle?


My shoulder ain't that far from his head. He lowered his helmet to make contact with me. I will not get ran over flag football. Two hand touch. I agree. Yeah. I committee because my instinct ocho, when I catch the football and I know I'm coming, you go down, I'm gonna race. Yeah. I mean that, that, that, that's football in general. I'm not, I'm not sure what the hell, I don't know what they expect players to do. Especially as fast as they're moving on that field. They're trying to change the game and the way players play on instinct and you react in, in, in, in real time. What's gonna happen is if you try to change up some of the things you do to protect yourself while making a tackle, somebody's gonna get hurt.


Yeah, exactly. Because you can't hesitate. I can't hesitate as a tackler. I can't hesitate as a receiver because my instinct, I know that hit coming. I'm gonna brace every time. Yeah. So I'm gonna bring my head into the, into the strike zone because I'm aiming, he's aiming like, okay, I'm in. Ooh, I'm in white. He's aiming for this. Right. And I, I'm one of the people, I'm not sure who the people are in charge. I'm not sure if the competition committee has anything to do with this. If you watch film, if you know the game of football, if you're a football guy and it been around it for a very long time, you understand the difficulty and you're finding a player when there's only one, only one way to make that tackle Yes. To do it. There's nothing else.


There is no alternative. There is no alternative outside of you just stay high and he run right through you and run. Exactly. Exactly. But I, you know, a lot of times guys get get hit for hitting receivers. Talking about he defenseless. No, that mofo got on helmet and his shoulder pass. He ain't defenseless. Yeah. What he had they was doing out here. And when you go to catch a pass and you know contact's coming, you brace for it. Brace for, so you drop your head down into the strike zone. He might be trying to hit you in your waist. Right. But you gonna brace for that lick. You ain't gonna like, okay, he gonna hit me in my waist. No, it ain't gonna get sold in half. You want a try to absorb that blow as much as you possibly can. Right.


It's just physics, it's just, it's what it's I and I get it. It's the quarterback fault. Right. You threw that F up pass. Hell I be wanting throw it back to him sometime. No, you take it. Let's switch positions. I'm gonna go out there, I'm gonna throw you one of these. You catch it, you tell me how you shoulda caught it. Right. I agree with you Cy, bro. I a, I don't know how you supposed to make the tackles Hey that, that $45,000 fine. But that's a lot bro. Hey this is, Hold on. The guy running ocho, this is running back. Yeah. So now hold on. Not in particular because the running back can't lower his head. Right.


I'm like, who runs through the damn hole high. Just high. Well, unless you Like you ed, ed ran through the whole Or Roger Craig or Roger Craig. One of the, but I'm saying but for the most part, Ocho, when you see contact coming, you, hey, you brace for it, You gotta get down. You have to, if you don't, you gonna get hurt. Yeah. I been think a lot of people, he passing these, passing me rules that ain't playing no football. Because if you play football there, you know there are certain things just gonna happen. Yeah.


The 2024 presidential election is here. MSNBC has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow and our decision 2024 team will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election, Tuesday, November 5th on MSNBC.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe With these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also You can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You, Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime. Video This Thursday. It's a Halloween. Treat as the Houston Texans visit the New York Jets. Join Al, Michaels Kirk, Herbst Streett and Kaylee Hartung for this exciting matchup. You know the cool part about this game when they faced off in 2019, Robert Sala was the defensive coordinator and his linebacker coach was Dko Ryans. So these guys know each other well to good looking bald guys. Can't wait for this matchup. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's best party. TNF tonight Live from New York. not a Prime member. Not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial. You cancel it any time. It's the Texans and Jets. 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football and it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's Odoo dot com


This fall watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59.99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu Plus live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 point 99 per month for three months, then 82 point 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


Russell had one glaring omission on his list of great coaches. He's played for. When talking to Yahoo Sports about getting his mojo back this season. Russ spoke highly of his time in Pittsburgh and his career in Seattle. But he left off talking positively about Broncos and playing under Peyton Manning. I'm in a good place here in, excuse me, Sean, who that say? Manning. Yeah, Broncos. And playing under Payton. Sean Payton. I thought he was because Sean Peyton, I'm in a good place here in Pittsburgh. I'm excited and I'm happy where my feet are. Just focus where you are right now. I look at it as a tremendous honor and I don't look at it as a bad thing. I get to play for Pete Carroll.


I get to play for Mike Tomlin to all time greats. Mm. Whatcha supposed to say? The man benched him. The man put all the blame. Everything that transpired his first year in, in, in Denver. He placed it at the feet of Russ. What Russ supposed to say. Cardinal. Cardinal rule number one, you never chastised a player in front of your team, especially your quarterback. I agree. You don't do it and you don't do it on the sideline in the middle of a game hoping to get a reaction out of him. You know, he wasn't gonna push Sean Payton on let. Absolutely not. Absolutely Not. I mean, at, at some point in time.


I understand Russells is a God fearing man. Yeah, but a human also. Yeah. See, sometimes people take the human element out of it. Oh, just just be the bigger person. Well, damn, if I gotta always keep being, being the bigger person Ocho Right. I'm hanging around too many small people. Ooh, God damn. I can't always be the bigger man. I like that one. So y'all Oh, oh, let everybody just say whatever they want. Oh, you know, Shannon, it's just words. So just let everybody just say whatever treat you however. Yeah. Nah man, I ain't got no problem. I ain't got no problem with Russ. I don't have a problem with Russ didn't say Right.


He say anything. I don't have a problem with what he didn't say. Right. I mean I I I've been fortunate Ocho I've been, for the most part I've had got along with all, all my head coach. I ain't never had a problem with any head coach. Right. But I wasn't a quarterback. So I have a different level of expectation. I ain't really have no problem with no, no position coach. I'm a, I'm a, I'm, I'm, I'm big on respect. Don't yo, I'm, I'm big on that. Yeah. Especially when there's an interaction and there has to be an interaction between us. Yeah. Especially on an ongoing basis because they're like, well you don't say it to me and I won't say it to you.


Right. That's kind of hard. Right. When you the position coach or you the offensive coordinator or you are in a position where we're gonna have to coexist. Yeah. That's kind of hard. You know what I'm saying? You know, you build a relationship, don't they? Get somebody, one party get mad. Don't say it to me. Whoa. So how you expect that to work? Yeah. You in the kitchen? I'm in the kitchen. Yeah. You in the bathroom. I'm in the bathroom. Right, Right. We in the bed. You in the bedroom? I'm in the bedroom. So how we in the basement? We in the basement. So how is that gonna work? Don't say nothing to me. Don't look at me. Yeah. Hey there. Listen shit. Hey, Nah, I wanna look at, I'm just gonna look at you now On pur On purpose.


On purpose. What you looking at? You. You, that's Funny. No, but I, hey, I ain't got no problem with Russ. Didn't say hey man, treat him like stir fry. So hell nah. I ain't got nothing good to say. I ain't got nothing. See, I ain't say nothing bad. But you could deduce by then saying not me, not saying anything. You could deduce what I really think. Right. And my mama said if I ain't got nothing to say good to say about somebody don't say nothing at all. I ain't had nothing Good to say He didn't. Okay. Now we back goat. James had his first triple double of the season.


We had 32 1 31 1 27 comeback win over the Kings. LeBron posted the first triple double. The season included 16 points in the fourth quarter. The Lakers improved the three and oh for the first time since 2010. 2011. LeBron finished with 32 points. 14 rebounds, 10 assist. Look I saw him the first night. Yeah. I watched the game last night. Ocho, they were down by 22 points. And I'm not trying to throw no shade on nobody, but I'm not so sure they win that game that they were down 22 points last year. That's a game they end up losing. Right. And LeBron James and Ad end up playing like 20 something minutes because they done got blowed out or they go LeBron.


And the only time LeBron got mad and LeBron was cooking and then Ru Mour come down there and take a shot. LeBron was like, bro, I done hit 10 on a row. I done got 10 points in a row. Swing that mofo swing it. Hey, Hey Jammu, he got, he gotta read the room. You gotta read the room in that situation. Yeah. Ocho normally they'll allow guys to take a heat check. I mean, guys get cooking like that. You see a guy comes from half court, one step across half court, let it fly it or had the timeline. He had the logo, he let it go. Ruth said, now got, lemme I got, lemme interrupt your normally scheduled program and LeBron cooking and try to get me one Ball. The, with the man with the hot hand.


Get the ball to the man with the hot hand. Man. Hey bro, probably wanna get that ball to hit Ru upside his head. But he was cooking tonight. Oh. And Anthony Davis. Oh man. And Ann was cooking. Ann was cooking too. Oh. And was Ed had 31 9 and three stills, two blocks. Hey. Yeah. Yo, he, he, he, but they, everybody played well. AD had 31, Ru had 18, bro had a triple double 32. Delo had his best game of the season. He had 16. Officer Reeves coming off of what, 26, 28 point performance last night had 16 and, and West Side Connect.


Dawn Connect had 10. The most depressive though was the other night. Was that last Friday last night? Kobe or the Ozarks. That's what I call Officer Reeds. Kobe or the Ozarks. He was cooking last night, ad been cooking the whole season. Ad going, this is the ad that I needed to see A Ad. This is What if he stay healthy, unc it's gonna be nasty. If he can stay healthy, play 70, 75 games, it's gonna be nasty. Boy. All we need, all we need, all we need is all we need is about 70. We'll give him two, we'll give him 12 games off. Right, right, right, right. Give us 70. Yeah, give us 70.


But they played well, they did a great job on the glass. They, they cleaned over on the glass. They needed to play well because Saboni Saboni always had big games against ad and he had another one tonight. He had 29 points. 12 rebounds, 10 assist. Look, LeBron, the the problem that he was having is that ad was getting outscored by Celonis. Right. We know he's gonna have more as than ad because he runs a lot of the offense. He'll get in the pick and roll, he'll do the dribble handoff. Oh, he's, he's a great passing big man like his daddy. Right. Our beat of s But tonight ad came to play. He was 10 or 15. 10 or th at, you missed three free throws at them. Free points bro. Get them points.


Get them points. We've been 24. 24 ad had you made your free throws. But I'll take it. You'll gimme 31 9, you'll give us 31 9 with three steals, two blocks and two assists. I'll take it. But LeBron was sensational tonight. The Lakers look good. The Lakers look good. Like I said, I'm not trying to throw no at anybody, but I, I think everybody can attest. This might be the best. We've seen the Lakers look this early, right? Probably is 2020. And we know the, you know, they, they ended up winning the championship down in the bubble. But they look good. They definitely look better than that at any point in time in the last three to four years. That's for Damn. Now Ocho it's time for q and a Q and a. Lemme stretch a little bit.


Go ahead. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy said somebody called the fire department because the new merch is fire 84. Yes it is. Appreciate that Doc. I appreciate that. Hopefully everybody that's received their merch, I've been seeing people post a little bit Ocho so hopefully you, you really like it. It's great quality. There's a lot of thought and time that went into it to try to make sure we, we come up with things that, you know, you like a lot. A lot of it's sayings. We probably gonna have another, another drop here in the next two to three weeks. But we really, really appreciate your support. Thank you Doc.


Because you've been here from day one. That's one thing I can say about Doc. And she showed up at Vegas. She showed up in Atlanta. Yeah, doc. That's one thing. And she's on here every night. So Doc, we really appreciate that support. We appreciate the support from all of you guys that showed up for us in Atlanta, Houston, Dallas. We gonna be in New Orleans. Hey, That's gonna be live, huh? And new in the spring. Yep. We gonna spring. We gonna hit about seven cities in the spring. In the spring. Whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa. We going, we going on tour? Yeah. Hey, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. When, when is the spring? Like what month? So let me know so I can, I can get, I I get my schedule together. I got buy, I gotta buy my outfits.


Huh? I wanna get my outfits early. We going on tour. You ain't going to school. You ain't gotta buy no new outfits. I know, I know, I know. But I got, listen, I gotta be sharp man. For what? The tour. Like I listen, I don't just wanna drink Dress like you normally do right now. Okay, that's perfect. No, that's not how I wanna do it. Listen, this is what I wanna do. Oh Lord. You see how athletes like, like they, you gotta do this too with me. You know how when they, when they walk through the tunnel, they got the camera and it's, and it is a fashion show. Yeah. So that's what we need to have, we need to have cameras that catch us coming out the car. You hear me? And you gotta have, you gotta put that shit on and they catch us coming out the car, you know, and they, and they got the video in slow motion and they catch the outfit.


So we gotta do that. Right. You know, we gotta add that to, we gotta add that to like a, a fashion segment of for us on tour. What you think? No, No, but I'll let you go off. I I'm gonna be comfortable up there. Yeah, yeah. No, we gonna change clothes. Listen, You do realize like on a tour, Right? We're not at home. Like I'm at my home. Oh. So I can easily go upstairs. I can easily, Oh, stay with me real quick, baby. Listen to Me. Okay. When the dolphins go somewhere to play, right? Yeah. The stairs get on the plane and they're comfortable. They're comfortable.


Yeah. When they at the hotel, the day of the game, they put that shit on, you know, for, for the, for the fashion. Walk into the stadium. So when we fly to the city, we're going, let's say we doing, let's say we doing, let's say Cincinnati for example. So when we fly to Cincinnati, we wear our sweats, we wear our Nightcap stuff. But when it's time for the show, wherever we go do the show at, then we put that shit on so the camera could catch up Where y'all want sweats at. Who Y'all is? Cincinnati. Y'all can wear sweats? Yeah. You know, you wear team issue sweatsuit. Not at Denver. You didn't. Okay. Okay.


Let's stay on topic Now. Stay on topic. But that, but we, we gonna do that? Yeah. Yeah. Ocho, I got you. I listen. I'll style you. I'll style you. I got you. I Got you. I'm good. Ocho I, Hey I'ma have, I'm be dressed just like I was like in Atlanta, like I was for Houston. Understand we, We gonna, we gonna change. You can wear what you wear on stage. I'm just saying, we got to put that shit on to make our entrance to let people know we coming in. We mean, we mean business. We mean business. I'm gonna say it. We mean business. When we come to a city near you. There We go. I like that. I like that. And then Yco, what's up? Un ocho merch is crazy. Congrat again, appreciate you bro. Thank you so much.


I really, we really, really appreciate that. Todd said, how impactful is Rob Livingston for CU Buffs? Well, he got the defense player. Sometimes I think he plays too much man coverage because you notice on the first at some point in time Mocho. Yeah. Until you cover that back on the swing, they gonna keep running it. Keep running it. Yeah. You remember they got hit up for a 75 80 yard against UCL. They swung the back out the back field. They got the pick. Boom, they swung him out. The backfield today got a touchdown. Right. They ran the rub on the gold line, got a touchdown at some point in time. Hey, it's okay to play. It's okay to play zone right. To make him thank you of the man and drop. But I think he's doing unbelievable.


I think Pat Sherman is doing an unbelievable job. He's coached in the NFL. He runs a pro style offense. And I think, and, and I don't have a problem with this and I think Time wanted somebody for his son's last year that was in a pro style that get his son ready to play in the pros Had a more to prepare. Yeah. And I ain't got no problem with it. So, but Rob Livingston, the D coordinator has been, he's been great. William Wright Sharp. Give us your honest opinion about O Shiloh. I mean, he, he's a thumper. Oh yeah.


He, he misses a lot of tackles because he's constantly going for the big hit. Big. And that you're gonna get that when guys go for big hits. Especially if you don't have it. Because see, the thing is, it's easy to go for a big hit when a guy can't go anywhere. ocho Right. It's hard to go for a big hit hit open field. Right. Or he sees you and you know, look the, you got a 15 yard penalty, you know, you just gotta be smart right. In situations like that, you know, you right on the sideline. You grab the guy leg, he going, he going to pretend like he got shot by a sniper. So you, you just gotta be smart with situations like that. But what y'all wanted to be Ed Re y'all wanted to be Troy Poll.


Marlo. I mean, I'm, I'm just trying to think. He's He's, he's, he's good though. He's good.


The 2024 presidential election is here. MSNBC has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Ow. And our decision 2024 team will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday, November 5th on MSNBC


Was part popping. Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also You can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You, feel good enough to go out there and play. You turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime. Video This Thursday. It's a Halloween. Treat as the Houston Texans visit the New York Jets. Join Al, Michaels Kirk, herb Street and Kayleigh Hartung for this exciting matchup. You know the cool part about this game when they faced off in 2019, Robert Sala was the defensive coordinator and his linebacker coach was Dko Ryans. So these guys know each other well to good looking bald guys. Can't wait for this matchup. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's best party TNF tonight Live from New York. not a Prime member. Not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you cancel it any time. It's the Texans and Jets. It's 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football, and it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be Pretty stressful. Now imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's Odoo dot com


This fall watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu Plus live TV now for just 59 99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu Plus Live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads Plus live TV plan only 59.99 per month for three months, then 82 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


It'll be interesting to see. Look, it, it's, it's funny, when I look at time I'm like, bro, you ain't get none of your kids your speed. You, you selfish. You had all the speed, you kept all the speed for yourself. Unless Deandre, Bucky got it, but somebody got it. I dunno who, but somebody got it. Well, I, well we know Sha and ain't got it. I don't know who got it outta Deandra. Bucky and, and the, the, the youngest daughter. Right. But we know them two, them two boys. They ain't got it. They, they ain't got it. Sonny Stanley say Mr. Sharp, that'd be dirty as Cincinnati Defense tonight keeps winning.


Hello? Mr. Sharp. That'd be dirty as si Sissy's defense tonight keeping 80 number, 85 award. Man, this little old thing right here, man. You know OCHO don't want this. Hold on. Matter of fact, listen, you got all the awards out. All the awards we won. You have all of them. Can you see that ocho? Yeah. I I can see it. I can see it. I won it. I won it. Yes, I know Ash. You hear as you Podcast. Whoa, whoa, whoa. You over talking Bill Ocho I'm trying to tell you What you finna say. Go ahead. What you finna say? Black Podcasting Award. Best po Best Sports Podcast. 2024 winner Nightcap. That's what it says. That's us. Huh?


That's, that's a team. That's a team joint. That's a team. You know a team thing. I tell you what we gonna do. This is what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna treat it like the Stanley Cup. I'm gonna send it to you. You get to keep it for a day, then you send it back. Why would I send it back if you got two of 'em? They gave you two of 'em for a reason. And I don't understand. Every time we win an award, why is everything going to you and not one coming to me? They got my, You know what Ocho I asked that question. I say why do y'all send all these award to me? Y'all know y'all supposed to be sending these award to ocho. Hey, they say we expect you to get that to ocho. I say, well in due time I will. IIII mean, due time I'm still waiting on all awards. Huh? I'm waiting on all the award.


I don't have, I don't have nothing. I got what Award? I ain't got no award either. I'm looking, I'm looking at your awards behind you. Which one? I don't know how to pronounce them. I see two webs. I don't see no two webs. I see one to the left. I see one to the right. Oh, I can't see. Oh, you looking, you, you looking right at it. I got Oh, okay. What a war. I'll tell you what you do. Make a list of the war that you don't have. Right. And then I'll send you a list of the wars you not gonna get. And let's see if they match and let's see if they match up.


Hey, I'm, I'm gonna give, I'm gonna give you 30 days. If I don't get my awards in 30 days, I don't, I don't mean to give you an ultimatum. You know, you my people man. But I I I had to beat you up, man. I, what, what I'm gonna give whatever was gonna happen to James Harrison, it can happen to you first. Nah, you know what I said, don't yo. Huh? I'm gonna tell you what I told one of my girlfriend. Yes sir. She gave me an ultimatum. Yes, sir. I said, if you give me an ultimatum. Yeah. You say do this or that. Right. I'm always gonna take that. Mm. You say this or else I'm always gonna choose else just because. Yeah. You ain't gimme no choice. Right, Right, right, right. You trying to, you trying to pull a red on me right in the five heartbeat. Think you gonna dangle me out in the window.


O choke. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Shoot. Hey, hey, shoot all. Yeah, you got your, you got, we'll get it out to you. All right. Appreciate that. You, you a good dude, man. You, you, you and the whole team. Y'all look good. Y'all, y'all some good People sometime. I mean, I you probably should look for it. November of 20. Never. No, we get it to you. We get it to you. I don't get an award. They send 'em to The Volume. They don't send me no award. You make them send like they send it to me. Hold On. Well, who I need to talk to at The? Volume Me.


You need talk to me? Nah, we get it to you. I have Ashley going. I shit, I'm shit, I'm still waiting. I'm waiting. I'm a funko. I ain't even got my funko. You know, I'm sure my kids, my kids would wanna see that. Oh, there you go. Yeah. Yeah. That right, that right there. I'm waiting on that. Wait, that's me or you? Okay. I I'm not dark enough. Dang. You Got a cheeseburger?


Yeah, that's me. A Soccer ball as a microphone. You got a little beanie on? Yeah, that's me. I I like wearing beanies when it's cold. You do? Yeah. You gotta keep, keep my head warm. Mm. Wish it was something I can tell you. I, I mean listen, I, I-I-I-I-I-I told you the scoop, I gave you the business. I mean, you know, hey, there's consequences and repercussions behind your actions. So if your actions are, are to keep my award and not send me any of the awards, then you know what's to come. I mean, I tell you what I'll be willing to do. And I, I've been in the gym too, so you know all these I Trade you.


What's that? You, what the hell are you talking about? What's that? That's a Lombardi. You what you think it's Well, that's dope. That's dope. I won a couple of them on Madden. I don't want or nominal fee. I I'll let you keep it. I don't want that. I don't want that. I can't do none of that. I want them awards while I actually, I, I contributed. You know that if you send me that, I ain't got nothing. I ain't ain't, I ain't do nothing. I ain't do nothing to earn that. This is nice. This is a nice little show. Yeah, it's cool. It's cool. It's nice. It's nice to look at. It'd be better was, it'd be better if it was 14 Car Gold. I got a, I got a Cincinnati Bengals helmet.


Carl Pickens. Nah, I got, I got that. I got a Carl Pickens jersey signed. Oh. Oh Damn. I know. It's cool. All right, man. I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get you your man because you'll be getting on my nerves. I I I'm not trying to, I'm I'm not trying to get on your nerves. I'm just, IM just trying to, I'm just trying to prevent from having to, trying to jump on me like a chicken on the Junebug. You know what happened? You ever seen a chicken jump on the Junebug? Yeah. Alright. You got the I do You the that night? That's, that's the replica. I took the, I took the replica. So what you want me to do about that Warrant?


I ain't got no, you got two. We, you listen, you got a Weby right there on the corner and you got a weby under Nightcap. One of those is mine Actually. The Weby was for what? One of it was for club. She, she the other one for Vanguard Award. And you took the one I took the one from the show. Exactly. That was the one for the people to take pictures with. Everybody. Hand print and fingerprints on that one. I don't know to tell you. All I got is, all I got is one, they sent me one web. They sent me one web for Nightcap. They sent me the Vanguard Award and they sent me one for Club Shaha. Okay. That's all I got.


Ocho. Okay. Well I'm, I'm gonna have to Do you like Sanford and Sun then? What? You do what? I guess they assumed that when you took that one, right? They were good. No, because they don't even know I took it. Wood Junior Jr. Said Unc, my question is, what's the feeling for Cam Ward at the next level? Does he have NFL award in his future? I guess he said like an MVP offensive player of the year. Rookie of the year. What you think Ojo Situation, situation matters.


Depending on where he goes. If he goes to the right situation, the sky's the limits. If he goes to a situation, to a team where ugh, there's really nothing to work with, it makes it that much more difficult for him. And you know how impatient teams are. You know how impatient owners are, you know, and impatient the fans are. So where Cam Ward goes is very, very important. That's the most important thing. And then who's his offensive coordinator? You see Jayden Daniels? Yeah. You look at Kyle Murray. He had Cliff Kingsbury. Jayden Daniels have Cliff King have has Cliff Kingsbury. Yeah. The offensive mind.


Because it has to be, you have to, you guys have to link, you have to be in sync in order for it to work. Work. Yeah. But yeah, I think, I think he could be good. I think he can be good. But like Ocho said, it's contingent on where he goes. And who coaches it? Rashan Williams said Chad Ochocinco is up the goat. What up tc? The trucker said, Hey, uncle Ocho, today is my daughter. Charlie Rose's birthday. Could you please give her a shout out? Also, Ocho, could you sing Happy birthday, please? Charlie Rose, your dad wants you to want us to say, happy Birthday. Happy Birthday, And hopefully you're having a good birthday. Well, he didn't say how old she is with Charlie Rose.


I'm, I'm thinking she's fairly young. O you I'm saying she's probably under the age of five. Right? Right, right. But TC the trucker, thank you for your support, man. Thanks for listening, for tuning in and happy birthday. Charlie Rose. Hopefully you got lots of cake and gifts. Buried Gang 2 68 said Uncle Ocho. Okay. Y'all wish my uncle sneaky a happy birthday. Sneaky. He turned 60 back on the 24th. He's a big fan. Appreciate y'all. Hey. Hey, sneaky. How you get that name Sneak? Hey, is it sneaky? Sneaky, Sneaky. Focus. Sneaky. Probably went little sneaking at the house.


Sneaking to sneaking something. Yeah, you sneaking something. Sneaking Food. Sneaky. Happy birthday, bro. Appreciate you man. Thanks for the support. Enjoy 60. That's a big number, man. That's a big milestone. And hopefully you get 60 more of these things. 60 more trips around the sun, Man. It's what, three 30 on the East Coast guys, that concludes our episode, man. We thank you so much. It was a late game. The buffs came on, I think at like 7 25 is when they kicked it off and the game went late and you guys have showed up for it. So we appreciate that. Yeah, we like to get a couple games that, that, that end up at seven 30, but I don't think we go, I don't think we're gonna get any of those guys.


I, I really don't consider these games don't kick off until five 30. Basketball games sometimes don't start until seven 30. So it's gonna be, it's gonna be some late nights. But we are really, really, really appreciate you guys' support. Oh, Joe, do you see that? They had your boy up there today on National Tight because tomorrow is tight. National Tights Day. Tight day. Yeah. And they Had 20 what, 22 years ago when I broke the record. Yeah. With for two 14 against the Chief. I had some big days against the chief. Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm your favorite. A Shannon. Sharpe. He's your favorite. 85 Liberty City is on the bingo ring of Fame Honoree, the Pro bowler, the All pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. But you can just call him Ocho.


Guys, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. Thank you guys. Check out Shaa by La Poitier. We have it in stock. And if you can't find it in a state or city near you, guess what? It's in stock and you order it. We'll ship it directly to your door. Go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's Shesha Media. Thank you to the Black Podcasting awards for shipping the awards to me. I'll make sure OCHO won't get his. That's a huge honor. We really, really appreciate that, guys. But it's you that's watching, that's you, that's listening. And it's you that shared the tweet that share all of this stuff that made this possible.


My clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. I newest it release dropped yesterday. We dropped. I was held when I was well T-shirt. I'll lie for you before I lie to you. T-shirts, black Nightcap hoodies and by popular demand. Stay with me now hoodies. And of course our bestseller is the Unin OCHO Tees. Quality quantities are limited. So make sure you grab yours now while supply lasts. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. OCHO Colorado, beat Cincinnati. They're bold, eligible now a team That was one in 12 when coach took over. Now it's bold, eligible, but they're not satisfied. Vanderbilt, hold on.


Excuse me. Texas holds on to beat number 25 Vanderbilt 27 24 on the road. Bama blows out Mizzou 34, nothing at home. Dylan. Gabriel leads Oregon number one, Oregon 38 to nine over Illinois. And Reed, what's his name? Marcel Reed comes off the bench to lead number 14, Texas a and m Aggies to upset the number eight LSU Tigers, 38 23. And the Miami Hurricanes remain unbeaten as they route route Florida State. 36 to 14.


And that's it, Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow after the Cowboys 49 ERs. Again, thank you guys for staying up late with us. We greatly, greatly appreciate it. I'm Heath's Ojo. We're out. The Volume,


Kroger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back. Score. Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL Order Now terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


You wake up, put on your RayBan Meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee, so you say, Hey Meta, how do I make a latte Brew? Two shots of espresso. After Meta. AI gets you caffeinated. You are ready for some beats. Hey, Meta, play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, Meta, call Eva RayBan Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, Meta, to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at Meta dot com slash smart glasses.


One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit Purina dot com slash purple to get involved.


The iHeartRadio Music Festival was a blast and Hyundai's EV lineup was there for every moment in Vegas, Hyundai took VIPs to the Speedway to test drive the 601 horsepower Ionic five n. On Friday, the EV sessions winner was announced. Hyundai's music contest on TikTok the Twist. Their performances were all powered by the all electric Hyundai Ionic five. How cool is that? And after the show, fans got to check out the Hyundai dance floor at House of Music. Thanks again to Hyundai's amazing ev lineup. Learn more@hyundaiusa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3.