(0s):
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music, and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(31s):
John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show, ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts casts.

(58s):
What's up everybody? Adnan RK here to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deur here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on lit tabla. Listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.

(1m 30s):
What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did The Volume NFL playoffs.

(2m 7s):
We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet we are. Get on the action at Draftking Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at draftking. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sports Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks. Only at Draftking Sports Book. The crown is yours. Gambling Problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.

(3m 51s):
O Joe, check this out. The Cowboys plan to have a second interview with OC Brian Brian Schottenheimer. Clarence Hill Jr. I know Clarence very well and he's very plugged in to the Cowboys. He says Jerry Jones will force Jason Whitten onto the new coaching staff as the head coaching waiting. Remember Mike McCarthy? This was reported that Mike, one of the things that Mike McCarthy didn't like. Right? And this is what Jerry does. Jerry hires a head coach and then tell, fills your staff out as opposed. And people say, well why you can't win? I might not want that running back coach.

(4m 31s):
Right? I might not want that dc I might not want that DB coach or that quarterback or that offensive coordinator. But Jerry says that's who you're gonna hire. So he's gonna force Jason Whitten, okay, I'm gonna give you the job but you gotta hire him, him and him. You like, you, like you like working on the these circumstances. So you Absolutely not. And listen, the the funny thing about it is the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and over and expecting different results. And the same thing continues to happen at the Cowboys organization. And Jerry doesn't seem liberalizing yet. I'm not sure. You said the fans are caught on. The fans are understanding who the issue is. The fans are understanding who the problem is.

(5m 11s):
Nothing in Dallas is going to change until the fans take a stand. And you know, there's only one way to take a stand is to hurt the pockets until you hurt the pockets. Until he sees that fans are not falling for the bullshit no more then thing, nothing is going to change. It's not going to change. Chance. And the thing, ocho, you had no better example CD Lamb wanted to wear number two. What number did Jerry, what did number did Jerry force on that man? 88. 88 Whatever. NFL owner, whatever owner in NFA, whatever owner in whatever the sport is. He says, nah, we want you to wear that.

(5m 52s):
That that's the number. Yeah, I think he has this thing where 88, the, the, I don't want 88. Yeah. Yeah. I, I don't know what it is. He trying to keep carrying on the legacy of the Number first of the only, first of all, all the great 80 eights. He wasn't there. He, Michael Michael was there. He was there. Coach Landry drafted Michael. He wasn't there with Drew Pearson. So what, talking about 88? Yeah, I, I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is, but I know the identity of the number 88 is always some of the greatest receivers that have played for that franchise. Dez, Michael Irvin, now, CD Lamb, Sometimes OCHO in college.

(6m 33s):
You see the number seven. They give that to their best. You know, Leonard Fort had that. Pat p had that Honey Badger had that. Yeah. You go to Texas, the University of Texas and you a linebacker, you get the number 60. Yeah. That was Tommy Nobus number. Yes sir. And so Brett Hagar, a lot of these guys, a lot of their top linebackers, that's the number they bestow a play that's co that's college. But NFLI wanna be number two. Man. I, I wish Savannah Staple would've said, nah, I want number two. Nah, we gonna give you, this is the number we want you to have. Okay. Four Valley Morehouse, can I get number two? I'm gonna go somewhere where I can get number two.

(7m 15s):
Right? But this is the problem. You see, you see this is what we talking about. You see Jerry and y'all talking, oh, it it, the culture is the player. You can't shape the culture as long as this guy's your owner. As long as he's in this situation like this, it ain't going to happen. Right. It's not gonna happen because the coach can't be the coach because why He can't even hire his own staff. Damn. He gonna for now I got, I he got Jerry got eyes and ears. 'cause if I put somebody in that situation, what am I gonna expect? Ocho to me, everything that's being discussed, tell me everything that's being done.

(7m 55s):
That's why a lot of times when what do they do? A lot of times when new staff come in, they get rid of everything, don't you? Yeah. Because they gonna wanna bring their own in TA because there's a loyalty to the people that was there before you. Yeah, That's great. Do what you've done. You get what you've always gotten. So I'm not surprised by that. The Lions seem to be Aaron Glaring hired by the Jesse. Oh, okay. He was hired. Yeah. Hired by the Jess as the new coach. The Lions have now lost their following coaches on the staff. OC Ben Johnson, rumored Hank Fraley, I think Hank brother or the former offensive lineman. But he's scheduled to leave and go with Ben Johnson be his offensive offensive coordinator and his offensive line coach DC Aaron Glen is now the Jets.

(8m 44s):
And I don't know if it's pronounced Terrell or Terrell Williams to the Pac as dc That's what happens Ocho, when you're successful, eventually you start losing people. That's why it's so hard, Ocho That's why you need to take advantage of these opportunities because eventually you gonna lose an oc. Yeah. You gonna lose a DC you gonna lose players. Your best players. You, you are not gonna be able to pay 'em what another team in free agency will be able to pay 'em. And so now they start raiding your in house and stealing your chickens. Yeah. You lose a coach. Go ahead. Yeah, I like that analogy. They start raiding your in-house and stealing your chickens.

(9m 27s):
They do. That's, that's exactly what happens when a team has success. You know I say all the time, mom, I say players get coaches fired and players get coaches hired. That's exactly what de the Detroit Lines was able to do. Ben Johnson had the right support and staff. Yep. Aaron had the right support and staff. Right. Personnel on the field. That's where the success comes from because if you were on any, any different team and you didn't have a certain type of personnel on the field to run the exit nose or run the scheme that you have that wouldn't nobody be trying to hire you. Right. So it's all about going to the right place. One of the things that does scare me that, that worries me a little bit about Aaron Glenn going to the new objects is the fact he ain't got no Quarterback.

(10m 12s):
He ain't got no quarterback. So you don't have a quarterback. You understand the lease becomes that much shorter in order you have any type of success in this league, you've got to have a quarterback That, that's why think about it, Ojo, when you really get down to the nuts, there's a reason why Mike to lasted so long. Yeah. He had been Roth's market for 13 years. Oh yeah. Ta-da. Oh yeah. What other black head coach that we can think of has had a job for 13 years. Tony Dungeon could have had a job that long. But Tony, see what Tony did. Tony left and left Jim Caldwell with Peyton. Yeah. Peyton ended up getting hurt and then they fired Jim.

(10m 54s):
So that's what, because Tony's like, Hey, I can stay here, but I want my guy to get a job. Right. And I don't wanna leave the cupboards bear the same thing that Coach Smith rest his soul at North Carolina. What did he do? He left, left Coach Guthrie with a night. Vince Carter, Antoine Jameson. I ain't gonna leave the cupboard to bear. Yeah. Oh you know Marvin, Marvin has did 17 in Cincinnati Without a quarterback. You ain't doing no 17. Yeah. Yeah. I mean he, listen, he, Marvin, Marvin had, he had, he had Carson. Carson and then Andy and Then he drafted Andy Dalton. Yeah. He had a good run. Real good run. Yeah. I'm happy for a g But you're right, Ocho, look, we don't, if, if you go back and study history, we're getting jobs.

(11m 39s):
We're getting the Jets. You get the Jets, you get Arizona, you get, you know, you get stuff, you get things, you get jobs like that. Yeah. Cincinnati, because Cincinnati was terrible before Marvin got there. Let me tell you. Yeah. Yeah. Let, I wanna be the first to tell you they were terrible. They were good and terrible. Yeah. Who They had Jeff Lake a Keely Smith. I, Akili Smith was there when I was in, when I was in Baltimore. Right. Jeff was there when I was in with the Broncos in the, in the nineties. Jeff was good. Him and Slim Pickett car. Pickett. Yeah. Yeah. Pick and Dark. They had a nice, they had a nice, they had a nice duo. But I wish ag the best of luck.

(12m 20s):
Hopefully they get the quarterback situation resolved because it doesn't matter what you do without that guy, it ain't going, it ain't going very far. You're not going very far. Yeah, you're not. Ben Johnson says he enjoys beating Matt LeFleur twice a year. Let's take a listen to the sound. Ojo. I know this is the toughest division of football right now. There's three teams that made the playoffs this year. I've got tremendous amount of respect for the coaches and the players in this league haven't competed against them for the last six years. Dan Campbell, Kevin O'Connell, you're talking about two guys that are up for Coach the Year awards as the season ends here.

(13m 7s):
And to be quite frank with ya, I kind of enjoyed beating Matt LeFleur twice a year. He like, hold on, wait a minute bro. We just beat, this is the First time we had a win over Green Bay in like seven, eight years. You talking about beating Matt LeFleur, you beat him there. We gonna need you to beat his ass here And listen. And, and honestly, I, I think, I think he will, I think the bear, the Bears are going to, the bears are going to be very good when they implement that new offense, that scheme and obviously the, the, the schematic ways in which he can, he can use players to their strengths and and maximize Caleb Williams potential. And what he can do, I really think is if he can do it with golf, what do you think he gonna be able to do with K Williams?

(13m 53s):
I hope so. Yeah. I agree. Yeah. I, I think the thing is with, with Jordan Love Jordan love's gonna have to, excuse me, get off to a better start. Ocho he gonna do have to do a better job because like I said, Ocho he has these spells where he'll go five or six games where he'll have one to two turnovers a game. Right. And then he have a stretcher where he go seven games and he won't turn it over. Go crazy, Go crazy. I'm like, Bro. And if you look at the game they lost in the playoffs, turnovers doomed them. Yeah. You're not, you're not gonna win. You turn the ball over, you're not win. You're not winning. You're not winning. It's hard to overcome multiple turnovers. Yeah. In a playoff game. Especially. Especially if you're on the road.

(14m 33s):
Yeah. But I like, I I agree with you Ojo. I like the hire Chicago with Ben Johnson. They, they're just a few pieces away. They need to shore up that offensive line. You gotta do that. Gotta do a better job of protecting your quarterback. Right. You gotta, that's, that's the money. That's why you now all of a sudden you see security, you see security at banks, they didn't used to have that. They got tired of people running in there and running out with the money. Funny. You need somebody, you need somebody to protect it. So I like it. You know they got nice skill pal outside. We're gonna see what they're gonna do with Keenan Allen. But DJ just signed the contract last year. Room R Dunay is on a rookie contract. I like Cole commit Swift, but they need to shore up that offensive line.

(15m 17s):
Get some protection. But I like, I like this hire by Ben Johnson. Let's see if he can replicate what he did as the OC in Detroit. Let's see if he can bring some of that magic to the, the windy city. O Joe. The NFL reissues a $25,000 fine to Joe Mixon after they initially punished him for comments he didn't even make. He's like, this is what he posted. I'm getting fined by the, at NFL for what? Someone else said, what's next? I got fired. I got fined by them for con McDavid crosscheck an opponent the at an NL game. Then they like, oh no, you right, you didn't say it, but you did say something. So here we gonna reissue you a check. We gonna reissue your ass fine because you did say something.

(16m 1s):
We got that wrong, but we gonna get this one. Right. Hey, the NFL man, listen, the no fun league. You, you, you gotta be careful that they, they, they gonna find a way to lie in their pockets, man. And, and, and, and, and give the money to charity. But you just gotta be careful man. You gotta be careful. It, it, it's, it's unnecessary. The season's over. No need to reassure the fine No. Let the man go ahead and, you know, I mean, can can steal appeal it at this point, right? Yeah, you can appeal it. You can get it back. Yeah. They, they, they, they ain't going, they gonna up oppose it you think? Yeah. And it's Crazy. They don't want you criticize, they don't want you to cri criticizing the officials.

(16m 42s):
Yeah. That you can't do you, You can't. Hey, I thought, I thought Jerry was, oh Jerry, I thought Jerry kinda liked time. Oh nevermind. We're talking about that. We'll talking about that at a later day time, won't you? 'cause he says, okay, let me get this straight 25,000 for something I didn't say. I didn't even call, I call them out for that. And the response was, find me again for something that's not even a violation without even rescinding the first one. Whereas the accountability just respect the players cold world. According to Mixings, agent mixing was initially fine for saying why play the game if, if every 50 50 call goes with the chiefs. These officials are trash and bias mixing. Didn't say this, it was actually a former wide NFL wide receiver.

(17m 25s):
And your teammate TJ Hus Mazada because he got the caption. Why play the game if 50 50 calls goes to the chiefs, goes with the chiefs. These officials are for trash cans and biased. What you thinking OCHO Hey TJ is one who's always been outspoken. One of the few even were not playing with him. And so he let the ref know if it's a bad call, if it's holding, if, if it was off sides. If, if it is anything, he in the red face, Hey, I ain't never seen nobody talk to the ref like that. I'm talking about he's in the ref's face. So I know when it comes to now being on the opposite side of the media, he gonna tell it like it is. And he's going say exactly what's going on and tell you how you feel.

(18m 9s):
Now I, Joe, you just, I mean Joe Joe's been fine before, So you just got, you got to know better. You gotta know better. Yeah. I ain't, I look any, anything you say, especially criticizing NFL officials or anyone on the opposite side that had nothing to do with players. They coming for you. Oh yeah. That come for Look here, they done got me so much me and ag. 'cause ag is a little younger than I am. Right. But Ag used to have his, like, to have his pants above his knees and have his socks. Whoa. And I might come out the old show and I got my pants pulled down and my socks. But if somebody tackle me on Cho, I'm not finna be standing there, you know, pulling my socks up and pulling my pants down, bro. Come on now.

(18m 49s):
Playing a game. Listen. Well, you know, well you, well you know, well, you know a sharp, you know you gotta I said bro, I got tackled. The man tackled me. He got to a point, you know, when I, when I played you, you probably wouldn't remember people in the chat that have washed me throughout the years, depending on the color jersey we wore. You know, I would change my chin strap, huh? Yeah. Sometimes I have a black chin strap. Sometimes I have an orange chin strap and I would wear the orange shoes. Right. Remember everybody's shoes had the match. Even back then everybody had had the same color scheme. Yeah. I'd go. So I would, I would, I would take the fine. I would take the fine. And then it got to a point like year six or seven, they were called down to David Folger.

(19m 31s):
Remember David Folger? Yeah. No fool. Yeah. I played against him 33 with the Bengals. Yeah. I played against Fool Cher was our, what do you call the guy that comes out? And He was the what? The, I don't know the right name. Uniform guy. Uniform guy. Uniform guy. So listen, he would tell me during pregame, he say, listen Ocho, now you know they looking At you. Yeah. They looking at you not supposed to have that. You know, I take the towel, I take the stream, I cut the towel and have the lock streamer hanging. Yeah. He that, that's not, that's not NF issue. They gonna get you for that streamer. I say folks, man, y'all may, might as well go ahead and find me now because I'm, I'm from wear this towel and these orange pieces of orange chest strap. I'm finna wear that too, man. It got to the point.

(20m 12s):
In year six or seven, they will, the league office will call in the middle of the game and say, I'll be removed from the game. Unless I take those shoes off. Yeah. Off They sure would put on the right 10 Street. I'm like, what the hell? Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. This, this what we got into. Oh yeah. They made me ocho 'cause I had patent leather shoes. So the shoes was like white, blue and orange. Oh. Don't have two colors. You can only have two colors. Right. So they made me cover up one of the colors So you can cover, I don't care what color it is, but you gonna cover up one of them. I am like, I just wanna know what is the, what is I say the shoe, I say everything matches Right.

(20m 54s):
Y'all make it seem like I got, I got on a blue and orange uniform and I got on a red pair of cleats or something. Yeah. I said, come on guys. It's like, Hey sharp. I don't make the rules. I just work here. Yeah. And I used to have a, I have a blue chair. I had a blue chair strap. So that rule was implemented after I left ocho. 'cause I had a blue, a blue chair strap, basically my entire career. Right. And if you go back and look my chin strap, I never buttoned my full chair strap. It was never all, I always kept my hanging on the right one. Hanging. I listen, I saw crying do it. So I would, I did it on offer. That's why my helmet always flying off. Yeah. I never, I never buttoned the last one. Both of mine was hanging. They're like, button that champ scrap.

(21m 34s):
I was like, nom so bad gonna happen. I button this trans some bag gonna happen. I'm gonna swing on you official. I'm, I'm superstitious. Hell, something bad happen to me. Oh, I, I'm, I'm gonna bless you in your face.

(21m 51s):
We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees. And Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp North America or Stride Bank. North America members FDIC spot me eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment, file fees apply at out of network ATMs.

(23m 12s):
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it. Yeah. It was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color Edition. It's extremely pink. Mm. Listen To lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(24m 11s):
John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondents and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show. Ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(24m 51s):
What's up everybody? I'd Nam RK here today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NH Challenge scripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Amers, former 700 Game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp. How about the sport and all the other things to running it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're still gonna find that we're not just hockey talk. We get all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling. Even the stuff that you wear on NHL now You wish you could pull off my short shorts. Burke That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.

(25m 58s):
Oh, Joe, check this out. Yeah. Cam Jordan says Sacks are an overrated stat. Some believe he's talking about TJ Watt. Do you agree that sacks are an overrated stat? No. I I definitely not an overrated, overrated stat. I mean they, they keep track of sacks for a reason. Saxon Sacks, they, they changed the momentum a game. They changed the momentum of, of a drive. I mean, they're, they're important. They're important. All I know is that, Hey, you make your money off of sacks. Well, if they overrated, I mean they, they pay Miles Garret and, and, and TJ Watt a whole lot of money. Nick Moosa, they pay and, and and, and now Michael Parsons.

(26m 40s):
Yeah. So overrated. They about to, they about to pay a boatload of money For, for Joey Bolt also Khal Mack at one point in time Bond Miller was the highest paid defensive player at one point in time. Yeah. Nah, I don't think that's an overrated stat at all. It's not overrated At all. What do you think the most overrated stat is though? The most Overrated stats? Damn, that's a great question. Yeah, It really is. Ocho that's a great question because you have to understand how are the stats overrated when the stats are used based on how you're supposed to get paid. You need the stats.

(27m 20s):
Yeah. You need that because with the stats you able to command a certain amount, amount of money. Yeah. You warned a certain amount of money based on the stats. Yeah. This is, this is a SAT based game. I'm trying To think, I don't know if there's an overrated stat because punts inside the 20, that means you're putting them down deep into their own territory. That means they have to drive further to get to the end zone. Or getting the field goal range. Guess so. I like that stat field goal percentage. Obviously you want somebody that got a high field goal percentage. You want somebody to make 90. Yeah. 90% of the kicks completion percentage. You want someone with a high completion percentage.

(28m 1s):
They pay for that too. Yes. They pay for every, every stat. And the better you are statistically in different categories, the more money you can command. Yeah. I don't, I don't, I honestly, I don't think there's an overrated stat. Nah. Chat. What y'all think? I'm trying to think Past breakups. I mean, I don't know guess past because past breakups. Just tell me you can't catch that's all. Or Listen, if you, if you can't catch, you are always in position to make a play. Yeah, Because because a lot of times I saw, hold on. Who did I see?

(28m 41s):
Oh that was, that was McDuffy last week. CJ was late with the out route and he jumped it. Yeah, he right In the hand. Yeah. I like Back to the House. Yeah. Oh that Yeah. The one on Nico Collin? Yes. Yes. Yo Joe. That's Oh Joe, that's to the house. Yeah. I remember that play. That's gotta be a house called, I mean sometimes you know, passing yards on your, because me think I look at it sometimes there, there have been some times that I ain't gonna call no names. I ain't gonna get into it. Right. Where I call empty calories, you down 30, you down 30 late in the ball game and you still throw it and you end up with 300 yards.

(29m 22s):
Ah, nah bro. Nah. 'cause when you was down at the start of this 30, you had 142 yards. That other a hundred and fifty, a hundred fifty eight you got that don't mean nothing up the calories. That was in gar times. Yeah. Yeah. I, I hate that. I hate, I hate quarterbacks and got receiving anybody bro. You, you down by 30 points. Get your ass out the game. What they call it? Sta pad. Sta ass. Yes. Yes. I, that's, I call it empty calories because you know what I'm saying? You ain't no nutritional value in anything that you do it right now. It's gonna look good at the end of the year. Oh. And passed oh thousand 300 yards. Yeah, but 1500 of 'em was in, in garbage time.

(30m 5s):
I like that. Jags fire gm. Trent bulky after the three top head coach Targets said no former lines OC Ben Johnson, NA B bucks. Oc Li Cohen Na he resigned with Tampa. Aaron Glenn didn't even want to interview in person. Remember that interview Ocho Rashad Conn said a few weeks ago, he would make a change if with bulky on the call. If they can show him it would be beneficial. Guess what? It's too late. Too late. You too, you too late. Ben Johnson say, nah, I'm good. Liam Cohen says, you know what, I would rather go back and be the o oc, he gotta a pay raise.

(30m 50s):
But it ain't what he'd have been making up a head coach Aaron G said a a g said nah, I'm good. I don't even want go down there. Yeah. I I wonder why you think it's because of bulky in general? Yes. I mean listen, IIII look at it as, as a head coach, I'm not a head coach. It is, well Trevor Lawrence was, was injured most of the season last year. But I think a coach, a offensive mine, the coach can, can do some work with bro. He's good. He's good. Yeah. I think mentally he's not where he should be. His confidence might be shot a little bit. But he's really good. And if he gets the right coach riding, you already got, you already got that, that stud there.

(31m 33s):
Receiver number seven and Brian Thomas Jr. There is no reason, there's no reason you got Travis at TN and I Like E Ingram. Yeah. E oh we got E Ingram. There's no reason why you shouldn't be making stuff shaped in that a FC South if I'm not mistaken. Yeah. In that south man. So I, I'm, I'm hoping you know, Shaq Khan is able to find not just any coach, but a coach that's offensive minded to get them boys together down there in Jacksonville because they got some talent, man. Especially offensively. Well, good luck with that. But like I said, it seems like a little bit too late. Yeah. Because the guys now you go Now look, sometimes your first option, your second option, okay, you wanted them, but sometimes you land on the right guy.

(32m 18s):
Right. Right. But I can assure you, there's a reason why you wanted to have Liam, Liam Cohen come back in for a second interview. 'cause you really liked what he said the First time around. Oh yeah. But he said, nah, I'm good. I don't know why. If you fired Dougie p Doug Peterson, you kept Trent bulky. Nobody wanna work with him. Yeah, yeah. He is. He's, he is overstayed his welcome. Yes. He's overstay his welcome. But see that, but see, when you get owners that don't know what the hell they doing, this is what you get. Who do you like for that job now? Ocho I mean, I, who else is out there? It's not about who I like, who, who else is out there that will even want to go to Jacksonville now at this point.

(33m 0s):
I mean that, that, that's the question at hand. Yeah, you're right. I, I don't, I don't, I'm trying to think who, who's available. Cliff Kingsbury. Oh, that would be, oh, that would be a good one. That would, that would be a good one for Trevor Lawrence. Yes. I mean, I don't, I don't see Berry wanting to go there as well. It's not enough to work with Not, he got a quarterback and he got Brian Thomas Jr. That's, that's not enough to work with. And he got at TN and he got another guy. He got another running back. What's the other running back Chad that really filled in because at TN went down this year, I forget, I forget his name, but he, he ran pretty good.

(33m 47s):
Yeah. Bulky. I mean, look, when they hired Urban, that was a disaster. You know, you got Joe Brady, you got Todd Monkin. Somebody goes, look it 32 of 'em in today. I'm world. Yeah. Yeah. It, it ain't, it ain't Got, so it ain't like, you know what I'm saying, Don show It ain't like, you know. Right. Oh, I go get an no no. Oh, tank Bixby, that's his name. Tank Bixby. Todd Monkey is, is, yeah. I'm sure you know he get a call now, Joe Brady. He can't talk until after this week. Yeah. So after they play Sunday, there's a lapse in between. So anytime there's a lapse in between games. Right. You could talk. So that's gonna be interesting.

(34m 33s):
May shoot, may, may. Huh. Maybe you can go close the Jaguar what you think Who they call you may please. They ain't got my number. I can see. I can see you. I can see you as the head coach though. You can't see that. Why? If you can see that I need to get you some glasses, I got 'em on. I'm just saying. Hey, listen, you know the game, you know the knowledge of the game. You can bring it in your own. You can bring in your own staff. I don't want no staff. I like working with you. Coach you is enough. You be, you be frying my nerves, let alone 45 more like you.

(35m 13s):
Oh no. Nah. I I I, I'ma stay right here. I'ma stay right here. I kinda like this. I gotta be a good little gig right here. Yeah. You know, gotta be, gotta be a nice little co-host. So you know, I, I'm good. I I don't want no part of coaching. All Right. All right. All right. Because you know, if you decide to go, I go with you now. Nah, nah, nah, nah. Uhuh, I wanna Uhuh Uhuh. I like this. This keeps us close to the game. Yeah. We get to talk about the game. We can still go to the games if we wanted to without having to do that. That monotony, that grind that nine, that ain't no nine to five for coach that six that, that six to 12, that six to 10, that six to midnight Sunday night.

(36m 1s):
Well, when you get back Sunday, a lot of times you start that breaking down feeling. So Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, you, you do get to go home a little early on Thursday sometimes you probably go home around nine o'clock. I'm good. I don't want no fing part of that. Ocho the Eagles are selling snow from their playoff win. They box it up the snow. Right. Put it in a, I mean they put it in a little container and you can buy it. I think it's 9 9 9 7 9 9. Is that too much ocho? Yeah. They, that's, that's too much. That's too much. Because you listen for one of the fans, Philadelphia, the culture in general, they should be used to winning by now.

(36m 42s):
They should be used to winning by now. We're having the snow and there's no point. 'cause Yeah, you be a contention every year. You be tension every year. Jeffrey Lu and everyone else who was responsible for putting that team together, they're always going to be in contention because those that are at the top know what the hell they're goddamn doing. Oh. Oh, they selling it for 50. The snow 50, 50 bucks. What you Nah man, I mean, it, it is cool, but there's no point. There's no point. Y'all gonna be back in the FFC championship again. And back to that Robert Solos available also, but I think he's going to interview, he's interviewing somewhere for a DC job.

(37m 29s):
Yeah. Defensive coordinator job, Maybe San Francisco. But I heard it was, I, I I forget where, I forget where it was. It was San Francisco. They were gonna make him the highest paid demons of coordinator. Okay. Coach Belichick says he doesn't like the rule that allows coordinators to interview before the postseason end says it, saying it is a distraction to the team trying to win a Super Bowl. Ocho, do you agree? Yeah, I think so. I I like it. I like it. But this is, this is the scary part and not scary part, but obviously it does take away to, I think it does take away from them focusing on the game at hand and the task at hand, which is obviously trying to get to the Super Bowl.

(38m 12s):
I understand what he's saying. Especially coming from someone as decorated as Bill Belichick. I think if there was any point or any time that people on his staff were wanting to be interviewed, they would have to wait until after they won the Super Bowl. So I kind of get it. But during that cycle of coaches being available, I don't think they waited though. Joe, You gotta be careful. You gotta be careful. 'cause what if somebody takes that job and you don't Get out? Exactly. You punish, you punishing a guy for being successful. Right. Saying he can't interview. Right. Teams don't wanna wait no three weeks. Teams don't wanna wait no month. Right. So the playoffs cut the playoffs with what? The first week of j starting the first week of Champ. So you got the wild card, the divisional, you got the, the championship game.

(38m 54s):
Right. You got the week in between and then you got the Super Bowl. So Ocho, I gotta wait a month and a half. Yeah, they, they, I mean listen. Oh, coach you out your mind. Yeah. Owners and GMs want to get the ball rolling. Yes. They rolling and knowing who their next head coach is gonna be so they can, they can start the process of, of doing everything they need to do. I understand what, I understand what Bill is saying, but that's not the way the business side of things work. But Robert Sala, lemme see what Roberts's doing because I know what you call him. I think what you call him wanting to interview him too.

(39m 36s):
Dan, Dan Campbell. Ah, that, that would be a nice look. That would be a nice look. Especially with, with the, the lions getting everybody back healthy next year. That'd be nice. Yeah. Everybody, everybody would, this is Robert Solow. He'd be an interesting candidate down in Jacksonville. Head coaching experience. Defensive, mighty head coach talking about, you know. Yeah. Most coaches, I mean, if, if you've been a head coach Ocho, you kinda wanna be a head coach right now. Sometimes you're a head coach and you gotta take a lesson role. But if somebody gonna gimme an opportunity to be a head coach again, I'm taking that as opposed to going to be a DC Right?

(40m 16s):
Absolutely. Well wait a minute. Now it depends on what that money looking like. Now. If they, they, if they, they they paying you more to be in DC and bringing you in because that's your specialty, then I'm going to be that DC I think he gonna be, I he, I wouldn't be surprised if he's in Jacksonville. I mean the highest paid, the highest paid coordinator probably making three to $4 million. No, SPAG just got paid. Huh? How much Spags made 5 million. Yeah, I know. It's more than a goddamn three four.

(41m 4s):
Steve Spa know the defensive coordinator has estimated to earn around $3.5 million in 2025. That's Yeah. Oh hell no. Well, and had to see me as a Hunt's gonna have to see me a song. Especially if we win again. Oh. And then hey, and then maybe SPS is in, in contention to be the Jags head coach. Ah, Has SPS ever been a head coach Ojo? I don't, I don't. Wait, I don't know. That's a good question. I don't know Neither. I don't know. I'm telling you, I'm telling you man.

(41m 44s):
You, you man put man, put it out in Manifest It Now. Manifest it. Because I, I I know, I know. Look. Shannon Sharp head coach of the Jacksonville Jaguars. You could p you could pick your staff right now. Hey, somebody tried to probably try to make a move for him. Make a a what quick what staff? I picked my staff. Yeah. Who would your staff be? Ash, Jordan, CJ Mickey.

(42m 25s):
Oh yeah. He was the head coach of Thes 2009 to 2011. Okay. Damn. Ain't no spa. Only five, seven. Hey, all I know. Hey, he called, he called the defense That Daddy can do.

(42m 48s):
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirrorball trophy from Dancing with the Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say.

(43m 19s):
I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There Was something sentimental when you was like, when when you send it, yeah. You always like, do I send the heart now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(43m 47s):
John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondence and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show Ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(44m 27s):
What's Up everybody? Ad named RK today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts In the National Hockey League. It's NHL un scripted with Birkin Demur. Hey, I am Jason Demur, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL network analysts. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp. How about the sport and all the other things to running it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're just, you're gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we're gonna all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL now You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(45m 34s):
Auto choice is time for our last segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. Dante said if the cheese get refs called that go their way. So do the bills. But nobody wants to talk about that if, I mean, you might not get all the calls in a game, but if you look at it over the course of the year, they balance out. Yeah. You get something to go for you, you, it's hard for me to believe that over a 17 game season, all the calls go against you. I promise you some of the teams that you played against think you got a lot more calls than they got, or a lot more calls than what you deserve.

(46m 16s):
Omar b said, as the chief fan, thank you Unc for pointing this, this BS narrative out about getting calls. They hating, like you say, lie repeated people believe Ocho Thank you for correcting yourself. Yeah. Love from Australia. Yeah. Yeah. And, and I, I, I saw some, some people calling it hate. And then one thing, it is obviously coming from me, you know, I I love everybody always. I only pray joy. Always spread joy, especially the players and teams. I never really talk bad about anybody. I do have a, a difference in opinion than most. And I, I just see, just see small stuff, you know, with Mahomes and taking in Mahome, you know, taking advantage of, of some of the calls.

(46m 60s):
Understanding that he can get the calls, you know, it's just a sliding late in the refusing to go outta bounds right away. And instead of pretending, pretending like he's going outta bounds, but, but, but cutting up feeling and going for more yards because he know defenders aren't trying or going to hit. So, I mean, just, just, just Small. I'm blasted it his ass in bounds. I'm blasting, I'm knocking hell outta him. Yeah. As long as you're ready for that final come coming behind it. A BA he don't go down and he in bounds, you give him the Cam Newton treatment. Hey boy, they what they would like, boy, they used to like cam up boy, and they didn't, Hey, they didn't call, they didn't call the calls on Cam because of the size.

(47m 40s):
Oh nah. You right? Yeah. No. Urich went to, went to Atlanta. He was, he was with, he was on the staff with Raheem when he was in Atlanta with dq. So Urich the interim coach at the Jets, he went back to Atlanta with Raheem, Isaiah, Lancaster, uncle Ocho. If Josh Allen wins the Super Bowl, what would rank him head of Borough and Lamar as the second best quarterback behind Mahomes and Unc. Do you think Tatum and Brown would become all time great duo for me?

(48m 28s):
Mahomes would be number one. I would still, I would still take Lamar, but Josh Allen would be three for me. Yeah. I, because when you talk about like Lamar, Joe, Lamar would be to Joe and, and, and, and Josh would be three, four. I probably, I would probably bump because if he went to the Super Bowl, I would probably bump Josh down. I mean to bump Joe down because Josh has been in the playoffs every, basically every year for the lack of what the last four or five years Ocho. And the one thing you can say about him, that joke was doable. Yeah. That joke was suit A he sued up. Yeah. And you know, and he runs a lot Ocho So you know he Yeah, he did a lot.

(49m 11s):
Yeah, yeah, yeah. But same thing with him. If he running, I'm putting hats on him. Yep. Hey, listen, now that's, that's a big man boy. I don't know what kind of hat you, I don't know what, what kind of hat you going to have, but you better bring it. I tell you what, you gimme enough swings. I'll chop down a red wood with a ax. Gimme enough swings on it. I'll chop the big ass down. You. Hey. Hey. This one thing we know about the NFL. Yeah. You ain't never seen nobody too big to get broken down. Oh yeah. You right, you right about that. Right about That. Hey, they hit hard out there. The question, do you think Tatum and Brown become an all-time great deal? They neither win a couple more championships.

(49m 52s):
The great duos, we thank Shaq and Kobe, we thank Kareem and Magic, we thank Bird and Parish. I mean Bird Parish or Bird Mikhail, however you wanna look at it. Right? You look at D Wade and LeBron, you look at Pippen and, and Jordan, you gotta win multiple championships. You gotta sustain this for, and you look, they won. They got one right? Gotta get a couple more. Gotta get a couple more. But yes, they can become an all time great duo Dr. Frank l Bella. Oh, I'm loving the different color lights in the background. It is like your camera view. Got a VIP pass to a club. Man. Man Jordan. Think he's some damn club promoting man.

(50m 34s):
This dude here man. He like, he talking about boss, what you think about the life flash? I said, man, you getting that inch off my camera and getting, we ain't at no disco man. But yeah man, that's, that's Doc that's, that's Jordan's idea. Aaron. Owen says if the 99 98 Broncos played in today's games, how good would they be? You see Saquon, you see Derek hear Y'all do realize TD Rush for two TD rush for 2008 with 23 touchdowns. Oh yeah. I had double digit touchdowns. Ed had double digit receiving touchdowns. Rod was our leading receiver. Oh, we'd be okay. We'll be all.

(51m 18s):
Yeah we'd be okay. Be real. We we, we be real nice. They was say hey, they said I'm about Hey Bronco be real saucy. Yeah. All alright mean you talking about all Nah. Yeah. Hey, so what you going do? I mean the question is you taking Jaylen her or you taking John Elway John. Okay, look a, a Devonte and a and AJ and Garter. They nice. They not see me. Eddie Rod. That ain't happening. Yeah, they all was different. They all was different. And our offensive line was just as good. I promise you. Now I believe our 97 line was better than our 98 line.

(52m 1s):
Right? Because we had Zim at Left Tackle, we had T-Bone Rested Soul at Right Tackle. We had Stink at left guard. We had Tommy A at center and we had Dan Neil. So we had what Hell we took, I mean we about to put like eight, nine guys in the Pro Bowl that year. Me, John Td, boom, stink, Nalen, Atwater, Neils. Yeah. We took about eight guys. We, we be all right. We be we, we be all Aaron Kevin Norwood Jr. Said, oh, my question is, what is the best World series matchup in MLB history?

(52m 47s):
Woo. We man this thing go back. I mean obviously I think anything that goes to Game seven, the 60 championship, the walk off Bill Maki and the bottom of the ninth game seven hit a walk off against the Yankees. I'm trying to think what year was that. Was that 90? Was that 91 that the Twins and the Braves Kirby Puck made that great catch and then hit a walk off in game six and then they won one. Nothing. I think in Game seven. Oh the Yankees and the Diamondbacks.

(53m 30s):
When Gonzales hit that broken bat, single off Mo Rivera. Man it's been some good ones. Kera. It's been some really good matchups. I mean those are the ones off the top of my head. Now you start going back too far. I wouldn't alive then. Somebody said me the Cub, the Cubs. Well the Cubs winning after a hundred and how many years? 108 years. 108. 1908 was the last one. 'cause that was a black so scandal. So yeah, I don't know if it's, I think it was just sentimental. Harry Potter said, oh. What do you think about the Raiders getting John Spy Spy tech? I think that's the general manager from somewhere. I I, I think that's what he No, I'll ask me what, when they get a quarterback, what?

(54m 11s):
I think that's what they need. John s Spek. He went there to do to be what? I think he a general manager. Oh, Okay, okay, okay, okay. I think he's the general manager from Tampa and so maybe Tom has some familiarity with him. Oh okay. That makes sense. That makes sense because I think he might've been under Jason Light Who Ta who, who brought Tom to Tampa. Right. And he Hey Jason Moore said's up Uncle Ocho with all the, when you all coming to Texas again also, who do you see winning Super Bowl first? Josh Lamar, Joe b Josh got the best chance 'cause he's the only one still playing. Yeah.

(54m 53s):
Who you like Ocho to win the first Super Bowl? Josh Lamar or Joey? Man, listen, honestly, if Josh can get by them damn chiefs on Sunday, if the Bills like his chance, If they can get by, it's, it is not likely based on the history of the Chiefs and Pastor Mahomes in games like this where it matters most and you just gotta have it. But if Josh, for some God forsake reason, getting by the Chiefs this Sunday, I got the bills winning the Super Bowl. Okay. And that, that's a big if now the, the attack at hand is beating the chiefs. Yes, that's yes.

(55m 35s):
Yes. JTT said if I had to choose an overrated stat, I'd say passing yards, you can get a lot of yards and not score scream pass yards accredited to the quarterback. True. I mean, 'cause we look at that play that James Daniels hit, Terry McCluen, he threw a pass in the flat T McClure, Terry McClure the knee and he got one. Oh, Joe. Yeah. Oh, James Daniel had a 60 yard touchdown. No, Jay Daniels had a one yard touchdown, what you call him had a 59 yard touchdown, Terry McClure. But you know, you know, I can see that. But my thing is, is that late pass yards on, So you know, you let you down 21 points you got, But to throw, you Gotta throw nothing but the throw and the defense just giving up yards.

(56m 19s):
They don't wanna give anything cheap or deep. And the next day, you know, you got a bunch of yards and you like, like, man, this game was close. No it wasn't. No it wasn't. Patterson Yassy said, Nightcap is my birthday. I'm 24, I celebrated running 14 miles, lifting weights, eating a steak. You guys are my inspiration. Can I get a shout out? Any advice for a young man like me? I didn't get to shake the cover. Damn Yassy. Happy birthday boy, you did a lot that day. 14 miles that had to take you, that took, you had to take you a couple of hours, lift your weights, ate a steak, you got a lot done. Congratulations on all that. But all that, and not shake the covers. I don't know what the hell you doing, you tricking bro? Yeah, man, I shut the covers before I did that 14 mile run and lifted weights.

(57m 4s):
You talking about you want Some advice They probably gave out on mile three. He said, he said he want some advice. The advice is go shake the goddamn covers. That's your advice right there With happy birthday, red Green. Send us say love, y'all. We, we in the building. Ray, we appreciate that. Thank you for your support guys. There's guys like you that, like OCHO and I do this job, we feel, make us feel appreciated. Yes, sir. Like I said, we try, we try to do the best that we can as far as this informing you guys and as far as about the game, educate you, entertain you, we try to do all that.

(57m 45s):
And sometimes things deserves a little bit more education. Sometimes it deserves a little bit more information and sometimes it deserves a little bit more education. But whatever the case may be, we try to give you that. So we appreciate that, Ray, we appreciate you. Cassie Taylor said Casey Taylor said Uncle Ocho, I'm on East Coast. When I cannot watch live, I always add Superchat. Which cost have y'all thought about Reward system for Superchat? No disrespect intended. I have, I do have ideas. If you would like them, send them $50 and we'll listen to your ideas. Nah, Casey, I, I, I mean we haven't thought about that.

(58m 25s):
Maybe that's something that we take to the, you know, we take and we take that in consideration. Whatever we can do to try to make it, make it interesting and, and, and get people to listen. And, and like us, we take all, you know, we take all comments and criticisms and concerns under consideration. So we'll absolutely look into that. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. Wanna thank our very special guest, John Hope Bryant for joining us. Y'all know me, I'm UNC Shannon Sharpe, the Liberty City legend, the bingo ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro.

(59m 5s):
That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for joining us tonight. Not a whole lot of sports, not a big lead in, but you guys was here to support us and we greatly appreciate that. Make sure you go subscribe, make sure you go check out SHA by La Porter. We have it in stock. Let's celebrate the new year. We are off to a great start. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of shade by La Porter? We're in 14 states. If you can't find it in a city or state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. The turnaround will be swift and please drink responsibly.

(59m 46s):
Go follow my media company page of all of its platforms, Shehe Media. Make sure you tune into Humble Baddies. It's live show tomorrow at 8:00 PM Eastern. They're talking all about their new Netflix show, wags to Riches that premiered today. So make sure you check out Humble Baddies live show tomorrow night at 8:00 PM Eastern. Also my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Our newest release just dropped last month. New t-shirts, sweats, beanies, coozies and mugs. Quantities are limited. So please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for the Super Bowl Show. It's our first tour stop spring tour stop. And it's in New Orleans and the tickets are on sale now.

(1h 0m 28s):
The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Unfortunately, the VIP meet and greet tickets are officially sold out, but there are still many tickets left to attend the big show and we got a very special surprise. So you might wanna go ahead and jump on those tickets now. Trust me, we got a big surprise. You don't wanna miss this. February the sixth in New Orleans at the Mahalia Jackson Theater. We got great guests lined up, but we got a big event and I promise you, you won't wanna miss it. Both Nightcap and Club Shehe are both nominated for NAACP Image Awards. Nightcap has been nominated for outstanding podcasts in the Arts, sports Entertainment Club. Shehe was nominated for outstanding Podcast Society and Culture.

(1h 1m 11s):
Make sure y'all go check out that episode, the last episode I did with Cheryl Underwood. I promise you. Boy, it's almost three. Boy, I was on a plane in tears. Bad in tears, bad. Cheryl. Chad, if you do me, if I promise you she did a standup routine for two hours and her scent with no comedian scent will ever be this long for two, almost three hours. She will have you nonstop laughing. Yeah, please go vote for your guys, UNC and Ocho and myself on Club Shehe. The link is Pen and our social bios. Again, thank you John O'Brien for joining us, giving us some financial information, some education, some, some tips, how to become financial responsible, responsible, and fiscally responsible.

(1h 2m 3s):
We really appreciate that. Hopefully chat. You enjoyed it. And obviously we're gonna look to have guests on from time to time. We're not gonna always talk about sports, but we're gonna always try to give you some information to help you become a better person, better people, save some money, invest some money. But we also gonna do sports here, but we're going to educate you, entertain you, and in inform you. So thank you for joining us for Nightcap. I'm up. He's Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow. Thank you guys. Yana, The Volume.

(1h 2m 60s):
I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the NFL Network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat in this football season. Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy, one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week, all season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions. Apply and see the app for details.

(1h 3m 35s):
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me in former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1h 4m 6s):
John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show, ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1h 4m 32s):
What's up everybody? Ad Nan RK here to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deur here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week we'll get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and Nan's favorite wrestling. It's all on Lit tablet. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers and the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.