
Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One, September 20th and 21st. T-Mobile Arena here in Las Vegas Stream Live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Cab, Doja Cat, dfa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier. Keith Urban New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows, Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, and more buy tickets now with axs.com. MTV's Official Challenge Podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on. Its monumental 40th season.


Y'all And. we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then there's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete or how the best in the sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League One Volleyball's podcast, serving pancakes.


Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about the sport itself and what it takes to stand on the podium. I'll be joined by top athletes and figure heads and sports as we dive deep into match play mindset and memories from years past. And you can guarantee that pancakes will be on the menu. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hello. Hello. Malcolm Gladwell. Here. I want to tell you about a new series we're launching at Pushkin Industries on the 1936 Olympic Games. Adolf Hitler's games, fascism, antisemitism, racism, high Olympic ideals, CRA in self-interest, naked ambition, illusion, delusion, all collide in the long, contentious lead up to the most controversial Olympics in history.


The Germans put on a propaganda show and America went along with all of it. Why? Listen to this season of revisionist history on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts. Hello from Wonder Media Network. I'm Jenny Kaplan, host of ika, a daily podcast that introduces you to the fascinating lives of women history has forgotten. Who doesn't love a sports story? The rivalries, the feats of strength and stamina. But these tales go beyond the podium. There's the teen table tennis champ, the ice skater who earned a medal and a medical degree, and the sprinter fighting for aboriginal rights. Listen to a man on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume, The 82 game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at Draftking Sportsbook and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals. Draftking Sportsbook has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the Draftking Sports Book app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York.


Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction, void and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources. The playoffs are upon us the best place to watch right there in person. Gametime is an authorized ticket market place for playoff basketball, which makes getting playoff tickets even easier and faster.


Prices on Gametime apps actually go down closer. It gets to tip off with killer last minute deals. All in prices viewed from your seat, the lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. Save even more when you choose a section and let Gametime choose to seat the lowest price guaranteed. Or Gametime will credit 110% of the difference. Take the guesswork out of buying playoff basketball tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code Nightcap for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code Nightcap, N-I-G-H-T-C-A-P for $20 off download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


Good evening. Excuse me. Good evening ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite. Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite. Number 85, the route runner extraordinaire, the bingo ring of Fame honoree, the pro bowler, the all pro liberty City finest. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And thank you again, ladies and gentlemen for joining us. Please make sure you hit that like button, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. And guys, do us a favor. Go and subscribe to the Nightcap Podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every podcaster, subscription, count And. we greatly, greatly appreciate your support. Make sure you check out Shaa by La Poitier.


We have it in stock. Thank you for your support. Thank you for being patient when we didn't have it in stock and we're only taking pre-orders, so thank you guys. We have it in stock. So I know some of you guys have been tagging me and I've been seeing it. So thank you. Thank you so much. Hopefully you enjoyed it, enjoying it as much as I enjoyed bringing it to you. Thank you so much. Please make sure you go follow my media company page. Page on all platforms. That's Shesha Media and my clothing company 84, that's 84, that's 84 spelled out, 84 spelled out. Thank you guys. We've sold out our, all of our Olympic merch, the link of the rest of our merchs pinned at the top of the chat.


Few pieces left, I think maybe, I'm not sure as say we're sold out, but if you order Olympic merch, it will be shipped in under two weeks. So thank you so much for supporting Nightcap. We greatly, greatly appreciate it. Ocho, have you ever been, have you ever been to Paris? Yeah, I've been to Paris about three, four times. Listen, matter of fact, I thought I told you the story. I went to watch the Champions League final Reall, Madrid and Liverpool not too long ago. And before that I went, I had been to Paris to a previous time before that to watch PNG play. Is it hilly in Paris? Hilly. What you mean hilly? I mean there, there must be a lot of hills in Paris because they gotta be, there's gold in them there heels because the US is on a gold rush.


Boy, we getting them gold. Hey, we getting them left and right, ain't we? What we getting them left or right? I don't know if the in, we incentivized a lot of people, but hey, just when we thought Noah low, we was like, oh man, what a race. Yeah. And then we get called hawker in the 1500 meters And. we like, oh my goodness, what a race. And then we get to 400 meters and that bulldog, that pit bull cy hall ball plays coming outta the turn. Yeah. With a hundred meters to go. He's like, oh no, I didn't come this far to come this far. I need that. Listen what you saw from him, right? There's certain things in life, regardless of sport that you play.


There's a certain it factor. You know, you hear me say that it factor all the time. Certain individuals have it what you saw from Quincy. You can't coach that. No, you can't coach that. That's the you born with that. That's inside. You know, half of the people coming off that curve like that. Oh right down that stretch. They would feel like they would've gave up. I'm resigned to the fact, hey, they would, They would've, a lot of people would've folded. Yes, man. Yes. What? Listen, when people say, and when people talk and say, you know what? An individual has that dog in them or an individual has that it factor that you can't teach what you saw tonight. You can't teach that from Quincy. You can't teach that. That ain't nothing but hard man.


Guys, we got a special guest joining us. We're gonna talk a little later, but Michael Johnson joined us earlier today. We taped something with him. Yeah, there's a nine hour, there's a six hour time difference with ocho. There's a nine hour time difference with with me. And so we got Michael Johnson as a favor. I've known Michael probably 30 years. He used to be around all the time because one of my former teammates, he had, one of my former teammates are best friends and Crock and I used to a, we used to run, we was in Vegas, And, we are all over the place together. And so as a favor, he came on and gave us some insight. So we're going to be, we're gonna play that interview for you a little later. We'll get the track field a little later. But Team USA routes Nigeria 88 74, they pulled the start of the, the, the score was they were up like 23, 24 points.


Yeah. With about three minutes to go in the ball. Two minute, two or three minutes left in the ball game. Asia Wilson was dominant again. Another double, double performance. Yeah. Nine of 11, two or two from the free throw lines, 20 points, 11 rebounds, two assists, two blocks, Stewie 13 points. Jackie Young inserted into the starting lineup in place of Diana Tara Rossi. She was six or 10, three or five from the free throw line. She chipped in with 15 bg Brittany grinder. Four or five. Three or four from the free throw line. Six re three rebounds, one assist one still one block. She had 11 all around performance. Chelsea really haven't found Chelsea Gray really hadn't found a scoring stroke yet, right?


Right. She was all three from the three field goal or one from the free throw line. She only had one point. Hopefully as they go a little, we only got two games left. Yeah. So hopefully she can get, give 'em a little something because had she given them a little more than what she gave them this, this game was really never closed. So. Yeah. Yeah. We, we just nitpicking, not ocho, but they dominated from start to finish. Congratulations to the Nigerian team. I think they're the first South African team to make to reach this far right Ash. They're the first reach this far. One of my former, one of my SSU alums, she's the point guard on this team. So congratulations to her. But the US team moves on. They, the American shot 54% from the field only 26% from three.


But really wasn't a matter, they dominated the glass 44 to 28. So that was a plus 16. They'll now face Australia in the semifinals for a spot in the gold medal round. They chase their eight straight gold medal. They, they gonna get that. They gonna get that. You know, them young ladies are special. Listen, international play as far as when it's women concerned, they haven't caught up. Yeah. They haven't caught up. As opposed to how it is on the men's side. You know, any given same, any given game. Like you said, one game, you know it, it can happen. Which I, which is not likely, but listen, which is not likely, but the women are playing phenomenal. Everybody's not on, everybody not playing efficient, but they're doing just enough.


Asia Wilson leading the, leading the pack, leading the way all the way through. I'm assuming outside of gold medals, is there any other individual awards that the women can win? Yeah, They can win mvp. You can win MVP for tournament. Yeah. Asia Wilson probably gonna, probably gonna lead with the MVP as well. So I mean this is, I mean, for them, you know, you might as well ma ma ma ma mail it in. Mail it in because they, they gonna get that. They gonna get that goal. Well the Australians, I think in order for the Australians to beat the team USA, they need to get, bring back a 26-year-old Lauren Jackson. She's a three time former wba. Yeah, wba mvp. Yeah. And unless she comes back on that roster, nah, I, I don't, I don't really see that happening. Right. The women have really been dominant.


Those two big guns, Breonna Stewart and Asia Wilson, they dominate, they combined for what, 16 rebounds, you know, story was five of seven, two or three from the three. Asia was nine of 11. Jackie Young was six of 10. Alicia Thomas was one of one. Brittany BG was four or five. Kelsey Plumb was two or three. Two or three from the three point line. Khal Cooper was two of six, one of four from the three. And DT was one of three from the three Jewel Lloyd with O of three, one of six. Our guards really haven't played well. Ocho Yeah. With the exception of Jackie Young and Kelsey Plum guards Jewel Lloyd. I know she can play better.


Khalia Cooper's been kind of hit or Miss anco. She hadn't got a whole lot of minutes, a lot of run. But I, I'm surprised that our guards haven't played better Right. Than, than than what they played. But when you got those big guns at the top, when you get Stewie, you get Asia BG coming off the bench and doing what she does. Right. They did. They they don't, nobody has an answer for those. They don't. No, not at all. Until you figure out that, because all you do see, you're not problem solving. You troubleshoot. Yeah. There's a difference between a two Ocho, you know what I'm saying? Okay. You know, I'm just gonna troubleshoot until I can solve the problem. They just troubleshoot. Yeah. They can't solve this. Nah.


And by the time you realize it, they're gonna be long by the time you solve this problem, which is Stewy in Asia, we gonna be back home. They gonna be coming down the parade somewhere in the hometown celebrating the gold that a straight gold medaling women basketball. But congratulations to the women job. Well done. But it's not complete. Good job of getting through. You could have easily overlooked this Nigerian team, but that's not what you did. You came out, you handled business like you were supposed to man. But you guys were intended. I saw LeBron, I saw Bam, I saw debunk, I saw a lot of people. Michael Phelps was in attendance. Dirk was in attendance. I mean, it was start study watching the ladies play and hopefully the men, Hey y'all see how the women did?


Yeah. They don't be bull driving around. They go and drop the ham on this thing early. They outscored him in the first quarter, 28 17. Outscored 'em in the second quarter. No, 26, 17 and out scored 'em in the second quarter. 26, 16. Boom. 52, 33. Alright, then we come out and do, do a number on you in the third quarter. 24 13. Whoop, there, it's so, it's over. It's over. So, oh, so check this out. Yes, sir. Philippines, Filipino. Yeah. He's a Filipino Carlos. Yeah. Carlos Yolo. Yeah. That my, the first ever male Olympic gold medalist will get the bag after winning the, winning the floor, winning the, the gold medal and the floor.


This is what he gets. He gets a lifetime of free colonoscopies once he turns 45. Okay. He's 24 right now. He don't really need Yes. Right. He gets a fully furnished condo worth over $400,000. Woo. He gets a house. Yes sir. He gets 250,000 in cash. He gets an iPhone 16. Okay. He get two free restaurant franchises, A lifetime of free mac and cheese, grilled Chicken ramen and more various local from various local restaurants and free college tuition. Hey, where's he from again?


Unc, The Philippines. He's from the Philippines now. You see, I think, you know, see it's a little harder now. It would be a little harder for the US to do this because we have so many, so many individuals that would wouldn't go. You know, but that's what you call taking care of your athletes that represent your country and win gold. Yeah. Now that's, that's how you do it. Now. I, I think that, I mean actually we can do it with the way we help other countries as well, based on the money that we send them. We could do, we could do something for our athletes a little bit more than 37 goddamn thousand For sure. That's How you take care of your athletes. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I, like I said, I mean it, it's, it's, it's tough because it what, 37,000?


How you pay for training your trainer. Listen, hell, these trainers that's Go Ahead. All that's going to your trainer, that's going to your masseuse, that's going to your, your, your, your, your therapist. Therapist and, and whatever else you got going on. By the time you look up, you got 1200 Left. 1200. You take out a loan to pay the rest of the people because hey, oh sure. They got training in LA trying to charge 400 an hour. So if you charge, so imagine one of the trainer that's working with you five, six days a week. Yeah. Two or three hours a day. How much is he charging? I I could imagine. Hold Up. You get worked on basically three, two or three times a week. Right. How much he charging the physio.


Right. Think about the people that took their family out there. Yeah. Think about the price the hotels for, for the, put your family up for three weeks. Think about the tickets that they had to get the families to sit in the stands. Yes. And actually have good seats so you can enjoy the events. Add that up for three weeks. Well maybe you get one, maybe All, all that is over 37,000, Maybe you get one. 'cause you know at the Pro Bowl ocho they give you, they they give you one ticket. Right. You could raise one guest. Yes. Yeah. And they better be sleeping in the room with you because if you got another rule, you paying for that with Jack. Yeah. And I know it was expensive When I went. It was two 50 a night. Right. I know by the time you started going, I don't know what it was, but when I was at the Ani it was two 50 a night. Yeah. I can't, I can't, I can't remember.


But, and that was two, 2001. Yeah. Think about what they did in Paris too, just like they do with flights when they know that a event is coming up. What do companies do? They hike up the price. Yeah, they have the price. So who knows what, what, what hotel rooms cost, who knows what transportation to get to and from the stadium cost. Man, all that add up man. Yeah. All that add Up. Oh yeah. You know they gonna jack the prices up. It gonna be higher than giraffe hoohaw. So we already, we already know the prices ticket. Yeah. Food, hotels, everything. Trinkets. We ain't factoring eating. Yeah. You gotta eat. You got breakfast, lunch, you gotta have dinner. Yeah. Come on now. Yeah. I mean, hey, at least I wanna treat myself Well, especially if I win a medal.


Yeah. I wanna treat myself. Let me give me one of the old nice croissants. I heard so much about them. Yeah. You know. Hey, the croissants over there. Nice. Now you know what I'm, You know I go to one of those nice fresh restaurant baby. Get some some or something like, you know what I'm saying? Hey, you, you gotta drink your, you gotta drink, drink, drink your coffee and your little tea with your pinky out. You gotta hang your pinky out. You gotta Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Cup with my big ass hands. Oh. Oh man. Maybe we talk, maybe we talk some, maybe we have some Escar Go. You know what I'm saying? Ocho, we gotta try all that. Who Have who Snail.


Who eating snail. That's a, that's a delicacy ocho Man. And what country do people But you, you wanna lick everything They end with old. You wanna do that, but you won't eat no F Cargo. Who in the wor? Oh, time out. Come on man. Come on man. Let, let's come back down to Earth please. I'm from Dade County. I'm from Liberty City. I've never heard of no, no cargo. Who, who the hell eats Cargo? No. No, not cargo. Cargo is like when they put F Cargo. Okay. So you, Y'all hear Cat, y'all hear now, now all of a sudden he don, oh, I for Liberty City.


But from Liberty City's finest. He he'll lick anything to end with a o. So you that see Unc listen, you not even living, you not even living if you ain't so no to you. Ain't no ass. You ain't living. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm just saying at some, at some point you have to evolve. You stuck in An a s cargo in with a T With a who? A t Cargo in with that. S-E-A-R-G-O? No. So they added a T on it. I, yeah, I mean, so they just put the, they just put, so just pretend they, they just, they Making Up shit. It just like boot. It's just like boot and they just put a wilder, the end and you eat that. So they just cargo, they put tea on the end. You eat That? I mean, but listen, but you took that now what you what what I'm eating is a delicacy.


Now what you talk about that just nasty Delicacy. Where don't nobody, don't nobody in Miami Eats. How much is this cargo? How much is this cargo cost? Yeah. Or Joe, How much it costs? Ashford pull it up. Don't nobody eat no damn snails. Like come on man. Yeah, they do. Now maybe if you part of the royal family and you live this luxurious lifestyle and you go to five star restaurants maybe then. Yes. No, Ain't nobody out the city. No s no no, no SSSS car. Whatever the nah, come on man. A hundred. It's a hundred bucks. A who? S cargo.


How Much? A hundred bucks. How you telling me something is a hundred bucks? They put it in the restaurant. But you can go outside and find it after it finish raining. Yeah, but see that Don't make no sense. Just like you told me you didn't want that spot to bite me. Go out there and eat the wrong snail and see what happens. I bet you be cockroach in the morning. I'm not really. I'm sure they cut Feet up in there. Don't nobody eat Nona, nobody in the chat. I guarantee you nobody in our chat had no Es Fargo. I guarantee you that guarantee You Escargo. I said that. Yeah, that's what I said. Yeah. They just, although just be just like caviar. You don't think ca Caviar is a delicacy Too? Nah, I listen, I know about Caviar. You know how I know about Caviar. I saw the movie Titanic and the movie Titanic.


They had caviar at the table. Yeah, I know about Caviar. I know about that. I ain't eating that either. I ain't, I eating no more of it. That ain't even for my Palates. It's, it's, it's, you know, it come from Sturgeon. Who? It comes from Sturgeon. Where, where, where you firing sturgeon at? In the ocean? I think off the coast of Russia. What, what's up Baltic? What's, what's off the coast? What Ocean is off the coast of Russia? Shoot. The Red Sea. Red Sea. Yep. Black Sea. Black Black Surgeon. Yes. Man. Man, this man In its market price. A lot of it. Sometimes it's like two, 300 ounce.


See, you know, you know what they do? They find stuff and they, they put they price on it. They tell you how important it is. And then they mark the price up. And, we, we paying for it. It just like sneakers. It cost $2 to make sneakers. Then sneakers come over here in Well go make your own call. Huh? Go make your own then. I, I could, I can Go ahead do it. Let's see how that work out for you. Nah, I ain't, I'm no. 'cause I don don't think nobody, nobody gonna, nobody gonna support me That but Ocho think about it in a restaurant, when you pay $70 for a steak, how much have they actually paid for that steak? Hey, you know what? That's a great question. I don't know. That's a great Do question. You know, when you go look at, when you go to Whole Foods or you go to the supermarket, you Whole Foods.


I go to Publix and Winn-Dixie Man don't Whole. Okay, go. Next time you go to Winn Dixie or Publix, go look and see how much they pay for a steak that you pay $80 for. Now remember the, the, the restaurant, they buying it in bulk. So they pay even less than that. So let's think about it. So when, even when the supermarket, when they buy, they mark it up. Right? So What you supposed, So what you go to Sam? Huh? You go to Sam, you haven't been to Sam's Sam club? I Have been to Sam's. Yeah. I used to have a car. I don't a card anymore. Anymore Have, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm real efficient with it. I'm very efficient with it. So, But I'm just saying Ocho, you know, that's how business work. Yes, sir.


Yes, sir. I, i under, I understand that for the most part. But you have, you also have to understand, I'm not going nowhere where I'm buying a stick for 70, $80 though. I, I, that's, that's not, that's not something. Even if you buy fish, no matter what you buy, you are paying three times, four times what it costs for them to make it. How about that? So whatever you buy, okay? You buy pasta, you buy ramen, whatever you buy when you pay $4, $5, $6 for that drink, it didn't cost that. I got a question for you. I got one for you right now. Yes. I love, there's a Jamaican restaurant that I frequent very often also. Bahama Breeze. Bahama Breeze. I would get the jerk chicken pasta from Bahama Breeze. Extra chicken. No, asparagus. Now there's a restaurant in Wynwood called Dunking New that I love.


I get they jerk chicken pasta. So are you telling me that they buy their pasta in bulk and it's, it's marked up. That's how restaurants make money. Yeah. If they sell, if they sell, if, if I sell, if everybody sold you something, what they paid for it? Why am I in business? Right. So you, you, you gotta make a see, you gotta, so How much, if the Bengals paid you, the Bengals paid you X dollars, how much you actually expect they made off you? Oh yeah. Yeah. A lot. A lot. A lot. A Lot. You see how that worked? Yeah, I, I understand that part. But also, and, and you know what I do like the places I go to eat and dine at or, or are wage friendly. It ain't, it ain't expensive. Like where I go, I ain't paying no more Than spending restaurants.


Ocho the price is marked up two, three times what they actually cost to make it. Right. That's how they stay in business. When, when people go out business, why do they go out business ocho Shoot ain't there ain't no customers. Even if you get customers and for Yeah. Long as you get customers because you pay, you charging three, four times what it costs. Right. So now I can make a pro, I can make, I can make a profit, make a profit. I ain't just in business just to keep the lights on. I mean, I gotta put a little something in my pocket, don't you? Yeah. See, I'm, I'm glad, I'm glad you're saying this. So, you know, fellas out there that's being tricked into taking these women to these nice fancy restaurants and it's marked up.


You paying four, $500 a night. You see what? You see what they do? You see what they do now? Ocho, Ocho. But here's the thing, the women, the mistake that women make, they're trying to trick the wrong guys. Right. Go get a guy that got the money to be tricked. Mm. You trying to trick a guy that's making 50,000. Right? You need to go try to trick a guy that's making one to eight, 10, 12 million. But you can't because the ones that's making one to eight, 12 million ain't finna talk to them anyway. But Here's, but the thing is, is that the guy that's making that money, he's trying to get the one that's looking at the guy. So he gotta get tricked off. Yeah. See how that work Ocho. Yeah. See, so that's bad. That's bad. That's bad for the middle class man. Even swap ain't no swindle ocho Well You ain't never lied.


You ain't never lied about that. If you use me for the pay, I'll use you for the day. Mm. We part ways we good, don't you, You get, you get what you one hand sir or the other. Yes. Yeah. So That's all I'm saying. You know, you can't Yes, sir. I mean, you trying to trick how you gonna trick, trick a guy that ain't really can't, can't, he ain't got nothing to be tricked off. Yeah. Yeah. He's not fool. If he got, he got, you know, obviously most people have mortgages or, or rent or whatever the case may be, cardinal whatever Responsibilities. Yes. If you allow a woman to trick you off your money and you ain't got it like that, you gotta have disposable income. Yeah. Now, well, you know, I saw, I saw something today.


They said only 6%, only 6% of Americans make over a hundred thousand. Yeah. Only 6% of Americans make over a hundred thousand. Yeah. When I look at Insta, when I look at Instagrams, when I look at Twitter and the way people talk, you would think everybody living that life. Life. So somebody lying either that, either that stat and that percentage is wrong or everybody out here got some type of hustle I don't know about and they get into the bag because everybody look rich. Yeah. Everybody talk rich. Ev somebody lying. Everybody On female look good too, don't they? You got filters. Huh?


You filter the look, they filter them pockets. They go out and rent out a house. They rent a jet. They on, they on they pretend they on vacation. They right there in Santa Monica. Yeah. Right there in my head. Hey, It is all a facade, man. I like it. I enjoy it. I, I enjoy it. I enjoy looking at the aesthetics. And sometimes, you know what I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna be honest with you. Sometimes I like to go to Instagrams, right? I go to Instagrams and I look at people's pages and I look at what they, what they have on what they're wearing. And I'm not, I'm not pocket watching, but I'll add up, I'll add up knowing the price stuff stuff. And I'll go through five pictures and I'd be like, well God damn, now that's about goddamn $80,000 right there.


Yes. And I don't even know who man, who is you, you know? And just, you know, and I just go on about my day. Just, just think about it. It's a facade. It it's not, that's not real life. It's not reality. It can fool a lot of people. Those aesthetics can fool a lot of people now. Right? Oh yeah. For sure. And that's, oh Joe. And that's what happens, right? You get people in debt. I mean, think about I I mean, just think about how much credit card debt. Yeah. You know, me, I've always, you know, hey, I, I'm paying off at the end, whatever the case may be. I'm only gonna spend what I could, what I could afford to get off of in a given month, you know? Right. I got my okay. Monthly allowance what I can spend and I'm trying to stay below that.


So at the end of the year, if I choose to get me something, I can get me something. But man, if you look at Instagram, man, I had me calling, had me calling my agent. Hey man, I need to renegotiate my contract. Okay. Not, but don't, don't believe it all a facade. Don't, don't, don't it at all. Yeah. I'm like, come on man. Yeah. Yeah. But that they, they ain't doing it like that ocho they ain't doing it like that. Oh. You know. Oh, I know better now. I know better. I, you know, I know better. She, well even if they are, I ain't doing it like that. Trying to keep up with your ass and I ain't doing it like that. Trying to impress you. I got what I got. I got a nice home.


The water works, the air work. I got a car and you got a car in one of the, in, in two of the stalls. One of them empty. Empty. And that's okay too. Man. Aint I'm past that stage. Ojo. I've had, had a, Ferrari had a a a Bentley had a roll, roll Royce had a 600 bins. Had a Range Rover and a Denali. Yeah. Yeah. I that in order To drive the Ferrari, I gotta drive two cars down the hill, walk back up the hill to get the Ferrari to pull out. Yeah. Then I pulled the Ferrari back in. I gotta go pull the charge back up in the driveway. Right. I see. Yeah. Them, Hey listen, I I did it, I did it. I, I did. Listen. Me and you both, I think we all have, we all have had that, I had that stage for maybe two years.


I had that stage for maybe two years. And unc I got to a point where I'm like, well you know what, this is a waste. This is, I mean, not, not really a waste because you're, you're supposed to enjoy your fruit of your labor. But Yeah, for sure. What we, what we do as athletes is we get caught up in the image. Yes. We get caught up in the, alright, alright, I have to dress like this. Alright, I gotta, I gotta buy a jury. I gotta wear a jury. I gotta look a certain way. I have to drive a certain car. But with anything, really the value is really set this within you. The bigger you can make your name, the less you need all the fucking accessories. Well I got to a point, unc I got about year four or five. Well hell, I didn't need, I didn't need no damn Ferrari. Hell, I didn't need no goddamn Roll Royce. Yeah. I didn't need all the extra shit at that point.


'cause I was ocho Yeah. The visibility, no matter where I went, you knew who it was. So what's the point of that if, I mean, nevermind, that's, we all off Olympic topic. My bad. But the thing was Ocho is that when I saw Miami Vice, I saw Ccro and Tubs and they driving Ferraris and they got Rolexes and they talk about all this stuff. Yeah. And you talking about a poor kid from rural south Georgia. I I remember saying I'm gonna get, when I saw that car. Yeah. Oh, you gotta enjoy yourself now. I'm gonna get that one when I, you gotta enjoy yourself. That was the first. I ain't nobody at that point in time, ain't nobody know nothing about no Patek. Ain't no s ain't nobody know about anything. No varon, no, no Pi. Ain't nobody know nothing. The only thing you knew about was a Timex or Fako or Boulevard and a Rolex.


Yeah, man. If you had a Rolex. Yeah. What? Yeah, especially back then. Oh Yeah, man, if you had a Rolex, I already knew you. I got a Rolex. You wasn't gonna be able to hit me in the ass with a red apple. You know I'm talking about old big one. Big. Yeah. Oh no man, I had to get me 1 0 2. Yeah. And so, but I, but like you said, my financial guy, he was, he was talking to me. He said, Shannon, you work all these hours, think about what you do. At some point in time from September last year until May of this year, you was doing seven, eight shows on an easy day.


On an easy week up to 10. For what? If you not gonna enjoy it, you do realize if you leave here, you did all that work and really ain't getting no enjoyment out of it. Right. He said it's okay. I'm not telling you to go try to buy an island or try to buy 15 cars, but enjoy yourself. Yes sir. So hey, sent my brother to the dealership. Asked my sister what she wanted. My sister like, baby bro, I don't want nothing. Yeah. God gimme me everything. He say, y'all, y'all keep a roof over my head. My car good. She said, I don't want nothing. Yeah.


My brother said I do And see you. You know the funny thing about it is, so you got the right people around you. Yeah. You got the people around you that got structure. You got the people around you that got discipline. Now the rest of my young folk, they got them entourages that's gonna keep on bleeding you, they gonna bleed you. They gonna bleed you. They gonna bleed you no matter how much they pay you. Nowadays, I don't care what the numbers look like in today's NFL 87, 90% of us still go broke. It hasn't changed. Yeah. The number is still staggering even though the money is different. So what does that tell you? Our discipline hasn't changed. There's no structure or financial discipline at all. Still to this day. Our mindset, especially our people.


Well hell, the more you give me, the better I be with it. No, because the more they give you, the more you gonna spend. Because guess what, every time about yo man, hey, hey, let your boy get somebo tickets. I know they give 'em to you for free Shit. Yeah. All right. I'm like, bro, whatcha talking about free? Ain't nothing free. But Salvation and Televangelists have found a way to charge for that. Yeah. They talking about the NFL, think about the NFL where they bottom dollar is money. But you think they gonna give us something free? The n the NFL, like the IR rss, they receive checks. They don't be writing them CBS spots.


N-B-C-E-S, ESP N Amazon. Yeah. They don't play. There you go. Yeah. They don't play. They don't play. I I'm, I'm gonna become a minister because they, because they, they for prosperity. Yeah. Yeah. Man, You, you gotta pay for the word now. Hey, you got, You gotta pay for the word. When it comes time to collection, play the, I'm gonna play the collection rate around. Yeah. I'm gonna say, you know, God don't like noise. You know, don't put the God don't like noise, Joe. He don't Mm. I said, dang. I know. Now, normally when I pass this plate around, y'all think y'all at the game? Put something in there now. Yeah.


I'm gonna have an at TM machine there too. Hey, it's for, it's for the, for the building fund. For the windows. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Windows. But you Right. Ocho s cargo OCHO E-S-C-A-R-G-O-T-S Cargo. Yeah. I'm, yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm cool on that. I don't need, no, I ain't eating no snails. If I want some snails, I can go right outside and find one. Okay. Hampton Morris Wins the first US men's weightlifting medal in 40 years. Basically you gotta go back. I think we won two medals in 1984 when the games were in la he, he won the bronze medal 64 61 kilogram division Mar moved the bar forward the second attempt and was successful on 172 kilogram.


That's 379 pounds. I think it was the clean cleaning jerk metal position at 300. He was locked into a medal and he went for the clean and jerk world record attempt, 392 pounds. Whoa. And came up a little short, if I'm not mistaken. He's from Marietta, Georgia. That's what we do. He from, he from Mariet. Yeah. You say you think he probably from Florida And, and he ain't got no driver's license. He say, he said, my daddy and my, he said my daddy and my mom and my grandma. They drive me everywhere, so. Right. I didn't really need, I don't, didn't know I really needed one. He said I'll probably get one now, but yeah, I think he was What'd you say as he's 20, 20, 21.


He boy, big boy. No, he's small. So 61 kilograms. That means he weighs 130. He like 135 pounds less than 135. So 60 kilograms is 1 32. So 61 point. So he's 1 30, 1 35. How? 61 kilograms? I don't know my math, you know, once we got past arithmetic, you know, timetables, I wasn't good. Well see. Oh, you see how your boy, hey, He love boy. Hey, you see, I, you see your boy had those, those, those 60 kilograms. What fact I, I forgot to see you.


I forgot to see my video during the dump doing the hundred, doing the hundred dumbbells. So that, that's two 60. You see what I'm saying? Ocho? Yeah. Yeah. You ain't late if you ain't 180 2, 10. Your boy in I'm all in Two 20. I had a plenty. Plenty. Yeah. Yeah. Come on now. Yeah, yeah. Two 30. I get real dirty. I just saying Don, I just said it. I just want, just want you to know now, just want you to know. That's all I'm saying. That's all I'm saying right there. Shoot French track and field as athlete. Alison, full note. Yeah, That's what I'm talking about.


Man. Competed in the 3000 meter steeple chase event. Finishing fourth in the race, having just missed the podium. Three seconds. Although she didn't secure a medal. She finished with a time of eight minutes, 58.67 seconds, breaking the European steeplechase record after the race. She surprised her boyfriend by luring to one knee and proposing to him her, he accepted her proposal and the two, and the crowd applauded. That's right. Listen, she might not have met, listen, she might not have medal, but she just like Jamie Fox or Denzel said, I'm leaving here with something. She, she is, she said, she said that if I run under nine minutes, which she ran eight minutes and some eight minutes, 58 some change.


Yes, Sir. And they had been together for nine years. Oh, I see what I see. Ah, ah, see, that's better context. That's better context. But I like it. I like it. Listen, f the traditions. Forget the traditions. I know how things are supposed to go. The man is supposed to propose. It's supposed to be romantic. Forget that. I think more women need to be assertive and propose to your man. Matter of fact, be assertive and propose to your man. You'll find out you're wasting your time anyway, because you probably gonna say no. Right? You probably have no, have no plan to marry you anyway. So I mean, it, it'll save you some time. If you took the initiative and been assertive and proposed to your man and watch what happened, watch how much time you save.


Because half of them, if, I mean, if a hundred of y'all in relationships right now, he'll probably say no. I'll tell you no lie. And probably ain't got no plan on marrying her. So I I, I, kudos to her because I, I know a lot of women that's frowned upon. I would for sure. I would never do nothing like that. I would never, But, but here's the thing. Come on man. We have non-traditional women that want traditional values. Right. You can't have both now. You can't have it both ways. I ain't cooking For no man, or I want him to propose. I ain't doing this. I want him to open doors. I ain't doing this, but I need him to do that. Well, damn, you want, you, you, you, you want traditional, but you non-traditional.


Right. And times are different now. You know, I mean, I I I love, I love my, I love my, my women, all of them. Whatever your expectations are, whatever you feel you, you, you are worthy of, by all means, go for it. At times those expectations are unrealistic, you know? But if you think you're going to find it, if your hope is romantic, I, I want you to go for what you want. I want you to, but sometimes you gotta be assertive. Sometimes you got to, to take the initiative, especially when it's somebody you want right now. Slide in the dm, holler at him. Stop sitting around waiting. Forget, forget eye contact.


Have some cahors put them on. Nah, no, no, no, no, no. What What? Don't even look. Hey, you need to tell me. You need to come say, Hey, excuse me. Are you Shannon? Sharpe? Right? Right. I'm gonna say yes. I find you very attractive. There We go. I like that. Can I give you my phone number? Yeah, Yeah. Oh, not with this me too movement. Don't you look at me and smile. Ain't no winking, ain't doing none of that. Right, right, right. You never gonna have, oh, Shannon, Sharpe made me feel uncomfortable. Oh no. Uhoh. I don't even open the door for a mocho. You're never gonna talk about Shannon. Sharpe open the door and looked at my butt. I'm gonna let that door slam right on your foot. Okay. I see where you're going. I see where You're going. I'm telling you. So if you come in behind me, the door go probably hit you in the head.


If you not paying attention, you never gonna get, you never gonna get me. Y'all done ruin it. I don't get on no elevator. I don't care if you got a baby, baby. Oh, yeah. Yeah, you did. You did say that. Did Say none Of that. Yeah. So I'm just telling you, You did say that Because y'all, y'all done ruin it. Anytime somebody say you can't say a woman look nice. You can't say that's a great outfit you have all right. Right, right. Before they take it some type of way. And here you are, you in HR and no. So yeah, I'm done with it. You can't, you can't, you can't be nice. You can't be nice. No. Everything, every, everything you say is, is is you. He tried to holler at me or Oh, he was in my dm and it just all type of, I Mean, I mean I did, I mean, I, you know, Jenny, I was like, oh, Jenny, you know Jenny, my home team Jenny for many, I call her Jenny Minnie, hallmark.


Jenny. Call her home team. I was like, Jenny, you look nice today, man. You had me up in the office so quick. I was like, bro, I just said, I just said she looked nice. Damn. Right, Right, right, right, Right. Say no more. Y'all ain't gotta tell me, but once my head ain't hard. Yeah. It ain't, It's, it's crazy the times that we're in now, I mean, yeah. It's, it's unfortunate. I'm like, I'm like, bro, we like, I, we had gone to breakfast, we do stuff together. Me and me. I met her husband. We gone out to dinner. Me and her husband, me and her brother, the mom and dad. Right. I said, it's cool though. It's cool. Yeah. No, no. It, it, it's cool. I say, Hey, I, I take your word for it.


Yeah. Me. Y'all say it's, I shouldn't do it. I ain't gonna do it. Right. Quincy Hall that do posted a personal best. He ran the second fastest time ever run in the Olympics. Yeah. He picked the best time to post a personal best. Yeah. The fourth fastest time ever. Let that sink in. Yeah. The fourth fastest time ever in a comfort behind victory. He ran the FI mean exhausted. Yeah. He left it a, he left it on the track on that's what you call when coach say leave it out there.


When somebody tell you leave it all out there and the then hold on. Not only to leave it all out there, to leave it out there in the biggest, on the biggest stage and a pressure moment like that. Were you, were you in fourth place? Yeah. You weren't even on the podium coming off that goddamn curve. You weren't even in the podium. But look at the times. You had four guys that ran sub 44. Yeah. I mean, you had so many guy, I mean, Hudson Smith, he ran a personal best. Right? You had, I forget the other guy from Namibia. Is it Nambia? Is it Nambia? Namibia. Namibia. Namibia. He ran a national record.


We know from Grenada, what's his name? I can't get his name. But he, he won the gold medal. He's won a civil medal. He's been a medal. He's been a world champion. So we know what he represents from Grenada, bro. And when you exhausted ocho, we've all been there. If you're an athlete, you know what it's like to be dog tired. Yeah. I'm talking about a and you don't wanna go. But there's something that's inside of you that says, bro, you got all that training. If that's what people don't get, training comes down to a moment. We talk about it all the time. Yeah. Especially football game comes down to a moment.


A moment. Yeah. Not the entirety of the game. It's a moment. Moment. Yeah. Will you capture that moment when it's time He did that, That joke that he don't have the prettiest form. It ain't no this like, hey, he threw that head, you know, Hey, when I saw him throw him head back, back, You know what time it is. I, I need all that. Remind me, when I was in the country, I had on shorts, I was barefooted with no shirt on. I'm racing my brother and cousin there so far. I'm out the window. I'm trying to come in first. Yeah. That's it. Oh, but boy, he dug down. Yeah, he did. He did. And you can't, you can't teach that man unc.


That's, that's heart. That's, that's heart. Can't teach that. He ran the final 50 meters and 5.9 seconds the best in the field. Ocho you went back and forth with him on Twitter today. Yeah. That's my, Hey, that, that's my dog. Now that's my dog. So, you know, he, he, he hit you, you know, talking about, you know, y'all still paying. Well, so I told him, man, shoot, if you, you want some money when you come back to the States, we could line it up and do a 400. And listen, I'm just saying if listen, there's pressure in that environment in Paris representing your country, but it's a different kind of pressure. When you got the race against me, you Gotta race. You feel me? Because, and listen, lemme tell you, lemme tell you about me in high school, right?


I was a, I was a, the, the class six, a state temp in the 400. Now I ran a 42, I ran a 42 in high school. But my coach and my grandma told me I had to pick between track of football. So football was my route. So my, listen, my record still stands to the day and Quincy hit me back like, okay, bet I give you 30 meters. I give you 30 minutes and I still beat you. So we got, we gonna, we got that lined up. We gonna race, we gonna race when he get back to the States. And, and that's, if he beat me, he get 25 grand Karate. Karate, drank karate. James, that's the Grenadian. He's been a award. He's won the Olympic gold. He's won silver, he's won bronze.


He was off the podium. I think he ran 43 8. Woo. Obviously we saw Quincy Hall run 43 4 Hudson Smith run 43 4 4 43 0.44. I mean, bro, I mean that was, that was some back and forth running that, that was, I mean, it's been a long time since we've seen a race of that. Just the 400 come down to that. Who, which race, which, which finish you think was better Quincy with Mr. Hoer. Is it Hoer? How you, how you say it? The 15 Hawker, Which rate? Cole Hawker. Which, which, which, which finish you think was better? Both were unexpected. Yeah. You got a guy that had, he has, I think Reson has like the second or third fastest 1500 meters ever.


Right. The record is 3 26 flat by Elgar Ru Inger Brison ran 3 26, 98, 78, something like that. Right. And then you had Josh Kerr. So you had the reigning Olympic champ, you had the reigning world champ in that field, and he out kicked them all. Yeah. You had Quincy Hall. Now Quincy Hall had the fastest time. And then Hudson Smith in a tuneup meet before the Olympics broke that he ran a like 43, 74, 43, 75. Right. To take over the world lead. Yeah. If I had to say, considering we haven't won.


Now Matthew Ovitz, he did win the, the, the 1500 meters in 2016 in Rio. But his time was really slow. Right. We haven't won, we haven't run this race since 2000. We had seven straight from 84 to 2008. We wa it wasn't clo it, we we did it, we did it. Right. A lot of times we swept the podium. Damn ojo given who Cole Hawker beat. Right. The reigning Olympic, the reigning world champ at 1500 meters.


Right. You think it that, that finish was better. We thought we, we thought that Quincy Hall was gonna at least make the podium Right. Considering the way he had been running. Right. We thought he would make the podium. I don't think anybody thought, because Jerry Na Goose had a faster time coming into it when you beat your record by three full seconds. Right. That's crazy. Right. I'm Splitting hairs because you gotta factor Noah, Lowes, I mean, look what it came down to. But the Americas, and, and it, like I said, we was talking about it earlier, Ocho at the, at the top of the top of the broadcast is like, just when we thought, man, ain't nothing topping this a hundred meter F finals.


Right. Right, right. And then, Then Cole Hawker says, watch this. Yeah. And listen, and Everybody was talking about Cole. Man, look at Cole. Look at Cole. And, and, and Quincy said, hello bro, hold My, hold my beer. Quincy said, hold my beer. Let me show you. So, yeah. Oh, Joe, we gotta we gotta, we gotta talk about this. What happened. Yeah. You made me nervous right there. Right. No to because look, you, you got, you got excited, right? You got excited. Michael Norman. Michael Norman has too much talent. Yeah. You scared me. Okay. Okay. He got too much talent. O Joe, You, you think to finish your last, you think the pressure got to him Again? It always does. In the big meets, the man has run 43 4 and he looked good.


And, and, and qualifying. He ran 40 14. Right. And then he goes 44 26, which is okay, but he looked like he was laboring. The man ran 45, 26. His legs, it gotta be his legs gotta be his legs. This his Mine. He ain't got what Quincy got in. I don't Think so. And his wa and his, his coach is Quincy Watts who won, who won the 92 goal. Right. Who also trained. Right. But Joanna and Joanna Hayes. Joanna Hayes, she won the, the goal, I'm trying to think what year Joanna won. Was it 2000 or oh four What year did Joanna Hayes win the, the hurdles?


It's either 2000 or 2004. Damn. Yeah, she won in oh four. Well, at, at that moment, boy, you said it's about moments. Sometimes, you know, sometimes it, it, it is difficult to show up in that moment. It, it, a different side of you has to come out. But you, but, but you know what, Ocho we are what we repeatedly do. Right. Therefore, it is not a singular act. It's a habit. He has a habit. Hold On, hold on. In big moments of doing this. Hold on. I gotta write that down. Hold on. We are, wait, I say how you say that we are what We are, what we repeatedly do.


Therefore, it is not a singular act. It is a habit. Habit. If you could, if, if, if all you do is lie, how can I say call you anything else but a liar? Well, that's a good one. I gotta say that for my next argument. In, in, in, in big moments in Tokyo, his mom, he's of Asian descent. His mom is from Japan. I just knew, I think it was the year after France. And he was, he was a prodigy. Yes, sir. From the goal. So after Fred Curley runs the fastest time in the NCA history, he comes behind him and break Fred Curly's record.


Mm. He's running routinely sub 44. Right? He's run, I think he's run 40, 43, 49, 43, 40 something. And in big moments. Yeah, bro, You see the difference. You see Fred Curly. Fred Curly this year. He had some injuries, he had some, had some shoe issues. He had block issues. But boy, when it come time, like, like Black Cat said, boy, boy, when we line up on that line, we gonna see who the best. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Quincy Hall. Hey, let's line it up. Right, Right, right. We ain't gonna do all that talking, all that You all the bumping your gums and why, why we doing all this talking?


Right. Put the spikes on. Yeah. Everybody different. Everybody different. Everybody's built. Some people are built for that pressure moment and that big stage. And some people aren't, some people fold, some people don't. Some people welcome it, some people shy away from it. It's all, it all depending on how you're built. I'm not putting, I'm not putting my Michael nor on that four by four. He ain't coming nowhere near it. Rod Benjamin's gonna run ankle leg because he has the most experience. Experience and the, and the Olympics and World Championship to running that. Right. Quincy Hall is gonna probably run second leg. I'm gonna take Deadman and I'm gonna take Verna Norwood on the third or third. I'm gonna, I'm gonna take the guy that finished.


I think he finished like sixth or seventh. He was an American. He ran like 44 6. Who's the other American that, that finished the race? But I'm not, but, but, but I'm not, I'm not, I'm not putting Michael Norman on there. I'm sorry. I'm sorry guys. I, I just can't do it. I can't trust him. Yeah. Damn. Now we good enough. Look our quarter mile, we're good enough. Yeah. With Quincy, because if it's close, Ry is a, Lowry is a low 44 guy. So I know on the fly he can run sub 44. Quincy Hall just proved Quincy Hall can on the fly. He can be really low. 43. Yeah. He might be 43, 2 43 1.


And so I'm gonna take, I think it's Bailey, I think Bailey is his last name. But I'm taking Chris Bailey, I'm taking ba I'm taking Ry, I'm taking Quincy, I'm taking Bailey. And I'm either taking Edmond or Verna Norwood. Yeah. Normally I like bur let Verna Norwood start, because he normally gonna gimme a consistent mid 44. I can live with that. I can live with that. I'm gonna let second leg be Quincy because I need him. If, if I don't have space, I'm, I need an open up. Right. And then I'll go to Bailey and then I'll let Bri bring it home. Right. I like it. Yeah. Yeah. I not, I just, I I just, I just can't, I just can't. I, I, I just, I, I just can't.


Rob Benjamin said on the hopes that more Americans fans can get behind and support Noah Lowes. Noah has been guarding a lot of hate from us fans and it's kind of sad to see he was depressed in 2021. A lot of people like to say, let's focus on mental health and da da da. You go out and trash again because he's chasing his dream and he is doing things and speaking things into fruition. So from, so from my tweet, wasn't gar geared towards anyone specific fractions of track community? I got some, I got some hate too of a lot of people saying, okay, if I don't win then they're going to be on my head. It is just kind of sad to be honest with you. My whole thing is don't preach mental health and then go do that.


I agree. Because the guy, we were the guy we were talking about yesterday, Franklin, you know what he tweeted? Hmm? He saying he right now, one of his least favorite Americans is Noah, Lowes. Yeah. Now I just want, I I, Hey, I'm not saying name the country what Jamaican you think they're gonna treat and say, my least favorite Jamaican is Kipa Thompson. My least favorite, my least, excuse me, Jamaican is Ika Jackson. A Shelly Ann Frazier. Hansel Parchman. Which one? Okay. What other country? Gimme a country name n Now give a country Britain, France. But that's what we do. Yeah. I mean, but, But what does frankly, who frankly look like, is he, is he, is he, is he the complexion of, of Noah And they wanna, and they wonder why.


Yeah. So you couldn't keep that to yourself. You wanted the world to know, you wanted the entire world to know that your least favorite American, somebody that has done something that hadn't been done in 20 years. Right. Stood the top of the podium at the Olympics at the a hundred meter dash and you say your least favorite America. I just wanna know why. Yeah. I mean that, That everything that he's saying, we celebrating more. Usain Bolt us a Usain was doing all this in front of the camera and I ain't got no problem with it. He pulled, he doing the lightning bolt. Right. Muhammad and I least spoke it. Yeah. That, that, that's, that's something personal. That's some, that's something personal. There, there, there might be something we don't know about.


Because there, there's reason, there's no reason not to like someone, someone you don't even know specifically. But you know how we do. We, we, we, we cast a, we cast a stone on people that we might not like based on whatever, whatever may, you might not like the way he carry himself. Hell, he might not like the way he run. He might not like the fact that he paints his nails, whatever it may be. There's a reason he doesn't like him. It can't be because of track 'cause he's the gold medal winning the hundred. But can't be because of that. That's something personal. But I'm just, I I just, I just of the other communities to say my least favorite Asian American is somebody that's participating for their country. They don't get that.


No. The Whites, they don't do that to eat Us. But we quit. Let's support and the first chance we get we are trash one another. Yeah. Always. It is always it is always been like that. That's, that's that. That's always been. But I, I just need somebody to explain and I context. I just need to know why Noah allows is your least favorite America. You know, everybody ain't gonna like everybody. You know how that go. There's always gonna be something. Everybody not gonna be, might not be your cup of tea. There's nothing you could do about that. You might, they probably don't even know How you like somebody that you don't even know.


I guarantee that man ain't never met no lives. Yeah. You normally, you supposed to have a disliking for somebody. That, and, and that's me Ocho. 'cause here's my thing, everybody's like, man, I don't like such and such. Okay. But he ain't done nothing to me. I don't know him. I don't know her. Right. So why am I disliking them? Right. 'cause you dislike them. It always gotta be a Yeah. That's, that's that's the way we are. We, we, we've always been like that. That's just, that's just society. That's just human nature. You know? Everybody's not gonna like everybody, everybody's not gonna be everybody's cup of tea. That's why you just focus on those that do. Like you And, if you out there running for us, you run for those who support you, those who don't support you, fuck 'em.


I just, I just wanna be bad. I just want, I just want like, I just want us to support one another. Yeah. Don't talk about it. Let's be about it. Yeah. In all things. Yeah. I just, I, I just, I just like you said, look, and like, like Ryan said, you know, mental health, mental health Man, they listen. That's just, I mean unc, well this is a dog eat dog world boy. It's a dog eat dog world shut. And you, you, they, they shut, shut up. They shut. They could only protect you for so long. They could only protect you for so long. When you out there in that real world and people don't care about you, they don't care nothing about you.


They gonna say what they want to, they gonna trash you. They gonna talk about you, you know, they gonna throw that stone, they gonna hide that hand. They gonna play victim. You know, mental health is very important. But in the real world, they can only protect you for so long. If OCHO had no lives, did all that talking and celebrating, said I'm the fastest man. He hopping up, they got pictures of steal shots, he hopping up his butt hiding people head. He done jumped up off the ground. Yeah. Now he don't make the podium or he finished last place. Okay. You want say, man, you did all that talking. Right. And look what Look and look and look what happened. Okay. But to go as far as says he's like one of my least favorite Americans right now.


Yeah. That's, that's so Impress of all the people. Yeah. But each, like you said to each his own, Noah, you got more people that support you and like you that don't support you and don't like you. So, hey, Noah allows advanced in the 200 meters, but he only finished second in his heat behind side. I think he did on purpose. You both sw huh? I think he did it on perfect because he did the same thing in the semis in the hundred. Nah, that's different. Joking. I think. I think, I think I think he want, I think he want that fall lane, But you don't know what lane you gonna get. What lane you gonna get because of the, the fastest time get lane choice. Yeah. Well who had the fastest time Arian to Bogo? He, his time was faster than Yeah.


He's the only one to go sub. He was the only one to go sub if I'm not mistaken. Yeah. To go sub 20. Mm. And And, if you go back and look when Noah ran one of his fastest time to Bogo pushed him all the way to the line. Right. They both ran nine five, if I'm not mistaken. So we know Noah has the American record of 1931. But go look at to Bogo time now. He ain't no slouch now. Oh No, not At all. He broke, he broke. Michael Johnson had the world record at 300 meter. Wade van Knee. Kurt broke Michael's record to Bogo, broke knee Kurt's record. Right. So he had speed and he had his endurance.


Yeah, he got it. Well shoot. Plus, plus he's a low 44, 400 guy. Right? Yeah. So he got strength. Strength. So that Means Yeah, that means strength means he got strength and endurance to Burn. Yeah. Yeah. But I don't know, boy, I think he plead nigga. No, no. Playing chess. He gonna double. I think he gonna double. He gonna double go. Oh. I, I, I hope, I hope he does. Wait, When is The final, that's when is the final you? Huh? You wanna get one of those? You wanna get one of those preferential lanes, Right? Right, right, right. 5, 6, 7. Because I wanna be at the top of the curve. OI would be at the top of the curve.


A OA catch him if you can. Yeah. When, when is the final? Or they got one day Thursday. It's tomorrow. Tomorrow, Tomorrow. Yeah. Hey, what, two o'clock? 12. Well, is it 12 ish? Oh, Lys got lane five. Oh, okay. That's a good lane. Oh, He good. He good. He good? Oh yeah. Tomorrow must be a lane six because at the first time you get the preference. Some people like no, four or five. Six, four or five. Yeah. A lot of times you look at Carson Warhol, he likes to be in the far lane. He likes to be in Lane seven. Right. Some people like the far lanes. 1130 our time.


Two 30 your time Mocho 1130 our time. Okay. Alright. Bet, bet. Makes sense. If you remember when Wade van Knee, Kurt, when he broke the world record in Rio, he was in Lane eight Mm. And they couldn't catch it. Mocho. Yeah. If you, if you on your horse, if you on your horse in lane eight, you already out there, It's, it's hard to, so you Already had everybody, But here's the thing, Ocho, it's hard to gauge because yeah, they, they're pacing off you, but you don't know what's going on behind you. Behind you. Yeah. He just took off. He took off. You gotta Go and Lash Mar and Karate James, they couldn't catch him. I mean, but he ran a race over a lifetime. He ran 43 0 3.


Do you know how, like I said, I'm old enough to remember when a lot of the world rec, I mean I've seen the hundred go down so many times. I mean from the eighties to the nineties to now, the 400. I remember when Butch broke the record in 88 and then Michael broke it in 99 and Seville and then Knee Kirk broke it in 2016. So I'm old enough to remember that I've seen a lot of, you know, 40 sub. I didn't think somebody could run that. I didn't think he could run that fast. Right that fast. I mean, people don't realize how sub 44. Yeah. And moving there, bro, he almost ran sub 43.


Ben's only been two men in the history. Yeah. Whoever runs sub 43 on the fly, that's on the fly, right. Michael Johnson and Jeremy Warner. This dude ran 43 0 3 from a dead stop Moving. You better believe it's moving. Moving. Yeah. Yes. So good luck tomorrow. We're gonna be watching. Gonna wish you good luck The Volume. Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood?


That's a really long time to perfect that smoky flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area in the Bay Area back and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer fit. Cut bacon now and enjoy Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One September 20th and 21st. T-Mobile Arena here in Las Vegas Stream Live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila cab, doji Cat, Dua Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier.


Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows, Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, and more buy tickets now@axs.com. MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo-hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And Then there's me, Devon Rogers And. We are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season.


Listen to MTV's official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete or how the best in the sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League One Volleyball's podcast, serving pancakes. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about the sport itself and what it takes to stand on the podium. I'll be joined by top athletes and figureheads in sports as we dive deep into match play mindset and memories from years past. And you can guarantee that pancakes will be on the menu. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello from Wonder Media Network. I'm Jenny Kaplan, host of Wo Manica, a daily podcast that introduces you to the fascinating lives of women. History has forgotten. Who doesn't love a sports story, the rivalries, the feats of strength and stamina. But these tales go beyond the podium. There's the teen table tennis champ, the ice skater who earned a medal and a medical degree, and the Sprinter fighting for Aboriginal rights. Listen to Woman on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.