
Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip, or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions. Apply C app for details.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long, Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and 100 nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses and two free pillows. That's LEES a.com. And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a Lisa just for you.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music, and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


NFL playoffs, we're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at DraftKings. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at draft. King Sportsbook. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg do org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hey Ocho, you gotta listen to this baby mama who blocked her income and child support payments. Chad, take a listen to this. Hey, child support payments from him. Do you? Yes. He leaves with there. So blocking on Venmo, he should. That makes it so much easier on him to just Venmo me instead of going to the bank. He's doing everything the easiest that it can possibly be done for Chase. And he's done that the whole time we've been together. Why would you not want it to be easy? If he's gonna send you money, why would you not want that to be easy for him? Argument. Because it takes one more thing off of Chase that he has to do.


You don't take child support. Let that get hold on. She's saying because it's easy. He should have to go to the bank and get the money and bring it black. Basically bring it to her as opposed. So she, when he venmos it, Venmo her money, she blocks the payments and then says, I ain't getting child support. I don't understand what's the point? I mean, what, what, what, what is she doing? She doesn't, she says it is too easy for him to make child support payments by Ven mowing her money. Oh, so she wants it to be a little bit more difficult on him to all. Yes. Well, I, I, that, that, that makes absolutely no sense, honey.


That No sense. I I wonder what the ruling was in that case. You can't block Ocho. He's paying. Yeah, You can't say he's not playing when you blocking the payment. Yeah. Yeah. She tripping. She tripping. Big time. Big time. I'm like, I had to listen to it again. She was like, because it's so easy for him and he just, he's always doing the easiest thing possible. Yes. Look, I mean, Ocho, how many people have direct deposit on their bills? Because everybody got tired of writing checks, filling it out, putting it in the mail, putting a stamp on it. Just say, you know what? We can just take this out every month and be done with it.


Oh yeah, Babe, you gotta move on. He done moved on with his life. That sounds like a woman that's upset that the child's father or ex-husband or whatever the case may be, has moved on. And That's what happens when you still have feelings when you're a little bitter. When you're a little bitter. 'cause if you're not bitter, you let everything happen very smoothly. So you don't have any, any type of situation. Oh, you have no, no, I don't, no. Not combativeness. What's the word I'm looking for? Yeah, I'm looking for a word. I really can't find it. Toxic. Yeah. Yeah, that too. Yeah. Auto pay. I ain't got no auto. Well, I do got auto pay, but Shelly set that up.


Great guy, great financial guy. Had some great ideas of how and what you should do if you get some money, how you could save your money. He and I had a great conversation talking about, he told me like, if your ancestors on your ass, you not set. So without any, without any further ado, let's give it up. Good friend of mine, John O. Bryant. John, how you doing? All good, my man. Good to be with you. Good to be with you. So a couple of weeks ago you did a, You know what, you know, you know what? You know what I, the ladies, I the ladies had talked to me about you since you were at the forum. And they said, you know, you know what the biggest thing on Shannon Sharp is?


I was like, I dunno if I wanna know the answer to this question, said No, no, no. The biggest thing on Shannon Sharp is his credit score. Not good credit score. He, he, he's got a 800 credit score credit. He said, this brother's making smart, sexy. We've been making dumb sexy for way too long. We've dumbed down and celebrated it. It is time to make smart, sexy again. You wanna impress me? Give me a get an a in math. You wanna impress me, right? Don't just be cute when you to club tonight. When you go to the club tonight, you ask her her name. Yeah, you fine. And then what's your credit score? That's your partner for life. Anyway, I heard that you're a very high credit score.


Shannon. Kudos to you, brother. I am, I'm trying to get it back to eight 50. I'm trying to get it back to eight 50. It, it is been real slow to get back to, to, to get it back up there. But I'm trying. Yeah. Hey bro, brother John, I'm, I'm glad you opened up with that. I'm glad you opened up with the credit score thing for the people that are in the chat. And I, I see this discourse many times, especially on Twitter, where people are always arguing there. There'll, there'll be a, a, a, a question, would you rather 800 credit score or a certain amount of money? And it'd be a, it'd be a lot of money. Let's say just a million dollars a a it might be. And every time on Twitter, they arguing for hours and hours at a time and everybody chooses a certain amount of money as opposed to a credit score.


For those that in the chat, can you please explain to them how important it is to have a credit score over any amount of money? People don't People see the, the dollar figures and the amount of money and they forget credit. I want the lump sum of money. Yeah. Ambassador Andrew Young, who was Dr. Was Dr. King, by the way. Good to see you, Chad. Yes, sir. God bless you, man. Both of you guys, the legends. When I, when Ambassador Young was on that balcony with Doc Dr. King when he was assassinated, he's also built the city I'm in now and the only international city in the American south. The biggest economy in the south. The 10 largest economy in the us. And he would say to live in a system of free enterprise and not to understand the rules of free enterprise must be the very definition of slavery.


So, So you make money, my boy, Tony Russell billionaire to taught me this lesson, you make money during the day. He owns Atlanta. Atlanta Hawks for those who are just, are sports fan fanatics. That's why he made his money. That that was originally his toy. It was just something to play with. Now it's worth billions. But he, he made his money in finance actually at Aries Management anyway, built his wealth, A really good guy. He said, you make your money during the day. You build wealth in your sleep. Mm. Okay. So this is a similar situation. People become obsessed with the wrong thing. You asked a very good question. I want to get that cash. Want to get this dollar, wanna get this back, wanna get this money? I wanna get it useless.


Completely useless. Money has a velocity. It's not stopping. It will go. And if you're financially illiterate, people who are literate will tr will, will separate you from that dollar. 92% of all GDP of blacks in America, 1.6, $1.7 trillion we generate and spend every year. 92% is consumption. So the man you wanna call it that he knows you just gonna go spend it. They don't need to hire you to be the, the, the spokesman for Louis Vuitton. You gonna be a walking billboard for it anyway. You don't need to hire sports figures to be, to be, to be Gucci sportspeople and, and whatever the brands are, they're gonna wear it on anyway because our assets are all too often on our as SS.


So we have, because we, we are with the rules of publish on the playing fielders level. We kill it vessel sports, the arts, politics, faith, the rules are published in the playing field's level. But we have never been taught capitalism and free enterprise and financial literacy, which I consider to be financial literacy is a civil rights issue of this generation. So if you, it is what you don't know that you don't know this killing you, but you think, you know, so now I'm gonna drop a bomb here. That makes a point that that money in of itself is absolutely useless. If I gave a homeless guy, I was homeless for six months of my life when I was 18 years old, it was economic homeless. Most homelessness is mental illness and depression and, and other things, drugs.


If I was, if you give a homeless man a million dollars and do nothing else, oh Trump, he'll be broken six months. Six. Because if nothing changes here, mindset, and then nothing changes here, values, then nothing's gonna change here and here. You will walk away from your money or somebody will walk away with your money. And we wanna blame the man. But these bad contracts and in the music business and bad, you signed it. The Klan didn't tell you to sign it. Nobody hit up your head with a butcher knife and said, sign that contract. You said, y'all, I don't need to. I just wanna, I just wanna do the music.


I just wanna, I just wanna play ball. I don't wanna mess around with that. It's the music business. It's the business of music. It's the sports business. It's the business of sports. And, and to say so it, so we are brilliant in so many ways. We've been doing so much with so little for so long. We can almost do anything with nothing. But we're never taught financial literacy. There was a Freedman's bank created in 1865 after the Civil War. Abraham Lincoln did it with Frederick Douglas and he was killed the next month for, for, for that. And promising blacks the right to vote. The bank failed. We never were taught how money works. So it's, in some ways it's not our fault, but we live in a capitalist democracy.


So all these folks, 70% of those who win the lottery, 70% broke in five years. Wow. Broke. So all this stuff about gimme that money, gimme that dot. I'm gonna be really dramatic here. Let's take all the money in the world, including mine, including yours, including Shannon's. Chad, let's take, because we're, we're green. Really. We're not black at this point. We're, we're green. We've made it take all our money with all the, with everybody else's money. The top 3%. We just made the whole world socialist. Now redistribute it to everybody in the world equally.


Within three years, we'll all have it back. Yep. If you don't do anything else, we'll all have it back. Because somebody understands how capitalism and free enterprise and money works and somebody just understand how to spend it. People say, I can be a millionaire. I won't go broke. Yes, you will. Millionaires go broke every day You could. A billionaire can go broke. Yeah, it's hard. But you can go broke. If your outflow exceeds your inflow, then your overhead will be your downfall. What you really want is mindset, knowledge. You know what I like about Shannon? He came into the whole global forum. We had the whole global forum. And my man just was nosy. I asked Quincy Jones, how'd you get so smart?


I'm just nosy as hell. I wanna know everything about everything. He was nosy. He was all up in everybody's business asking this billionaire question, asking that billionaire question, asking that CEOA question all up in my face, asking me questions, trying to learn what he doesn't know. You don't know what you don't know. John, lemme ask you this. I, and I don't, I don't know if you Know this off the top of your head, but I I was reading, like in the Jewish community, the dollar stays there like 43, 45 days. And the Asian community, it stays there like 20 days. And the white community stays there like 10 days, 15 days in the black community. It stays there like two minutes.


That's right. And that, and that's where the pit stop. I, we, Ocho and I had a conversation. We'd had a conversation that Ocho was like, yes. So, so Doc, if I gave somebody, if I gave a person 300 to $80,000 and that's all the money I ever they gave and they weren't working. What? They're 20 years old. Let's just say 25, 30, would that money last them a lifetime? It won't last 'em six months. Look, it happens every day. It's called lawsuit settlements. It happens every day. Do you know it? You go to urban radio state. Let's just have a real conversation.


I mean, because Malcolm X said, we've been bamboozled, we've been tricked, we've been fooled, we've been hoodwinked. That applies to so much. President Bill Clinton once said, it's hard to get somebody to agree to the truth when the lie is paying their paycheck. Here are the bookends. Use those two statements in bookends, hood, wing bamboozled, relax. Let us stray. Run them up. Yeah. The other comment, it's hard to get somebody to agree to the truth if a lie is paying the paycheck. Now in the middle is financial illiteracy. Now you go to an urban radio station.


It's focusing our community and listen to the ads. 80% of the ads are pivot law firms. Lawsuits. I mean, high interest rate, 30, you know, c paper mortgages, sea paper, auto loans is right there in broad daylight. I'm gonna go one step further. And we, so they get the, they get these settlements, slip and falls, whatever, you know, people running in front of cars and tripping. By the way, criminal AI is gonna make criminality really a bad business because they, these are robotics, these cameras and artificial intelligence. You need to get a new gig that, that, that day is, is soon. And I mean the next couple years over.


But anyway, back to this point. You go to our neighborhood, you go to a place where we grew up and here's what you see. The check cashier next to a payday loan lender next to a rental owned store. Next to a title lender, next to a liquor store, next to a pawn shop, fast food store restaurant, and a church down the street trying to make you feel a little bit better once a week. That's your neighborhood psychologist. That's your neighborhood strength. We, we don't wanna admit we crazy. Oh, I, I can't go to a psychologist or a shrink. Somebody might think I'm crazy If you black in America and don't think you're crazy.


You are crazy. So we go there and hoop and holler. Used to, that's one of our problems is we don't go to church anymore. We don't have any spirituality anymore. That's a whole nother conversation. We've been really hoodwinked now. 'cause now we think money's God. We think materialisms God. We think some rappers got Anyway, so, so now the one place you could go and hoop and holler, we don't go there anymore. That, that, that's So you don't go crazy. Now, literally, you're being pimped a 500 credit score neighborhood that all you see, the only place you see those places. Or is it a 500 credit score neighborhood, by the way, black and brown. Urban, poor, white, rural. Now you go 15 minutes away in every city in America.


I've mapped every zip code in America by credit scores. A Hope Financial, the Hope Financial Wellness Index. And go on my website and put you put in your, put in your zip code. I'll tell you your credit score in your neighborhood. I'll tell you how you're living. You go 15 minutes away from that zip code and you're in a 700 credit score neighborhood in Chicago. I think it's Lincoln something. And then 15 minutes from there. I think it's Garfield Park or something. 500 versus 700. 700 versus 500. You go, you know, Atlanta's the same thing. LA's the same thing everywhere. Wherever you are now in that center, the credit square neighborhood, two parent households, prime financing, 75% home ownership rate.


Mm. Prime, almost non existent Whole foods. Sit down restaurants, proper businesses, mainstream banks, right? 15 minutes away, a third world country. We think this is normal. This is why you cannot give somebody 350, $380,000 and think that they're forget a lifetime. It won't last 'em a year. I said six months. I'll be gracious. It won't let, if you're outflow exceed your inflow, then your overhead will be your downfall. I'm gonna go one step further. We are brilliant. Black Americans are literally geniuses. We came here enslaved, my second great grandfather on my mother's, my dad's side, and my second great grandmother on my mother's side, both slaves.


My grandfather was a sharecropper. So I I'm talking from the real place. We come from nothing. I come from the bottom quartile of poverty in Compton and South Central to the top 1% in one lifetime because of what we're talking about in me, understanding how this system actually works. Now, we we're brilliant and we're geniuses. Imagine what would've happened Ochocinco. Imagine what would've happened, Shannon, if we had a black Jewish business plan. Mm.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the leave. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress Fee free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees. And Chime offers over 50,000. Fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by bankcorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC. SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Boost our available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from Heavy hitters like Mackin, UTO, Monte Crito Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I Send the heart now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. If only there were a professional WNBA player with her own podcast I could listen to. Hey, this is Lexie Brown, WNBA Player and Professional Yapper. And this is Mariah Rose. You may know me from spilling the tea on hoops for hotties on TikTok. And we've got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball and not just in the WNBA, but with Athletes Unlimited unrivaled and college basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. I know you guys have seen a lot of former and current basketball players telling their stories from their point of view. And I just think it's time for the girlies to tap in. We wanna Share all of the women's basketball stories that you won't see anywhere else. Tune into full circle, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Imagine what would have if we didn't have a 40% home ownership. What? Go ahead Shannon. What were you about to say? I wanted To, I want you to explain what that means and what that actually is. Yeah. Owning something versus talking about something. You know, poor people talk about other people, wealthy people talk about their ideas. Go to a barbers shop. Go to a nail salon in black community. Go. I'm not talking about us. I'm helping out to help us listen to what we're talking about. We're talking about mostly other people. You go ahead. Go ahead Chad. You like Chad or ultra single by the way? No, It, it doesn't matter what you call me. I may answer. I have a question. One of the things you just said, the others talk about their ideas and how they can work together.


When it comes to us, we have a problem working together because we don't wanna see each other win. We're always in competition with each other as opposed to other ethnicities. They're more so, okay, if you had this idea, well, I'm gonna pick you up and then whoever's above him, well I'm gonna pick you up where they always, they always work in unison. And a very small percentage of us wanna see each other win or help us get to a level where we want to, alright, we wanna see you win. You know what I wanna see, I wanna see Joe win, but I don't wanna see him doing better than me. Would you like me to tell you why? Why Low self-esteem?


So check this out. If you're African American, by the way, there only, there are only African American ghettos in America. There are pa there are places where Italians live, where Polish people live. There are places where Caribbean blacks live. There are places where black Africans live. There are places, I wanna make sure I put black people in this, but there's only African American ghettos in America, inner cities that are a magnet and a holding place for poverty. How, what's that relate to? To when we people say, oh, African Americans, y'all lazy, all not intelligent, really?


So you went 400 years ago, halfway around the world in an agricultural economy to go get dummies from Africa and brought them all the way across the world at incredible expense and brought 'em to America because we're stupid. No, no, no, no, no. We were agricultural geniuses of the land. I'm, I'm coming to your, I'm coming to your point now. Okay. They, they had this soil in the American south that was a gold mine. It produced crop crops that were incredible gold mines, cotton and, and tobacco. It's gold mines. In fact, ha, Haiti was the wealthiest, the wealthiest outpost for France in the world was Haiti.


And that's a whole nother story. We get to it before we end because that's the reason America exists is Haiti. But let me come back to this for a minute. So now they bring us over here. Now the guys as big as you and Shannon. Now, high self-esteem, confidence, your tribal leaders, your chieftains, they captured you. They brought you here, but they gotta beat the self-esteem outta you. The first thing you gonna do is fight. You see your wife being abused. You see your children being sold off. I'm not trying to start a a, a, a get anybody worked up. I'm trying to explain to them how we get to this low self-esteem. So you, they're abusing your wife. They're holding you down. It takes quite eight people to hold Shannon death.


They're holding him down just until he stops fighting. Because that means he realized he cannot do anything to help his wife. They broke his spirit. They're not trying to break his body. They need his body. They're trying to break his spirit. We're not human beings having a spiritual experience. We're spiritual beings having a human experience. Energy matters. So now they sold your kids off in a different direction. So you don't have any hope for that. Most dangerous personal worlds, a person with no hope. They now abused your wife. You can't do any protect her now. You just broke a broken man just the way they need you now. They put you to work building these crops. By the way, blacks and whites, poor blacks and whites were friends in the 16 hundreds in Americans on a plantation.


True fact is, again, some of this we wanted to, we had to be able to go deep on. But to answer your question, they had to break your spirit. They had to keep you away from books. They had to not teach you financial literacy. They had to, they needed you to have confidence in, in taking dead soil and bringing it back to life. What we're experts at Africa is hot. The soil d dies all the time. We were geniuses of the land bringing it back to life. What's the largest untapped, natural resource in the world today? To this day? It's Africa. That's what everybody needs by the way. Africa is the, is the future to American demo. I mean, world demographics that because the youngest people in the, in the world are in Nigeria. Anyway, back to this story.


So now you got high confidence today, let's fast forward. Now, African Americans, we're killing it in many, many sectors. We have incredible confidence because we're competent, but we have low self-esteem. So if I don't like me, I'm not gonna like you. If I don't feel good about me, I'm not gonna feel good about you. If I don't respect me, don't expect me to respect you. If I don't love me, I don't have a clue how to love you. And here's the big one. If I don't have a purpose in my life, I'm wanna make your life a living hell. Because whatever goes around comes around and hurt people. Hurt people. There you go with crab in the barrel. So now you have all these smart people who are hooked on cash, not building wealth, hooked on giving it away versus collecting it.


Hooked on transactions versus relationships hooked on what I got to get versus what I have to give. Being told religion isn't important anymore. Forget about that. And spirituality. Now the devil's got you. When, when, when you and Shannon get up in the morning and me the devil says, oh shit, they're up. There's not enough of us because I, when you succeed, I, I love it. I applaud you. I don't have a self-esteem problem. It's okay if you don't like me. I don't like me. So, so, but self esteem and arrogance are two different things. So what do we need? Five pillars of success. So my last book is Financial Literacy for All is the bestseller one. Before that was up from nothing, what before that, six of them. But this la the one before that, up from nothing had five pillars.


As much education as you can shove down your throat. How do we reverse what we're talking about? Cinco, as much education you can shove down your throat. That's why you see books all around me in my office. I'm always reading. That's why again, Shannon, nosy, you're nosy. I love it. Number two, understanding how the, the language of money works. Financial literacy is as important as the right to vote as a four year education. A 700 credit score is, is as important as a four year college degree. Yes, I said it and everybody who works for me is a college degree. And they better have a good credit score. And because you, you've never had a a, a billionaire, didn't do it on good debt. You never had a, a successful country or city that didn't do it on good debt. You cannot succeed unless you understand how the system works.


And you need cheap access to good credit. Number three, you need self-esteem and confidence number. Well number three, you need, we need family structure and resiliency. Number three. Number four, you need self-esteem and confidence. We just covered that. Number five, you need role models in, in the right environment. So why do my kids wanna be rap stars athletes and drug dealers to the exclusion of everything else? Because that's all they see in our neighborhoods. A symbol as a success. We're not dumb and we aren't stupid. We're brilliant. We're modeling what we see. Let's give the kids something different to see. Let's widen their aperture. Let, let's make smart sexy again. Let's make forget black lives matter.


Let's make black capitalists matter, right? So, so that's why I say a black Jewish business plan. Number one way you build wealth in America. Home ownership. What, what do we argue about endlessly? 'cause we, 41, 42, 40 3% of black people own a home compared to 75% of our mainstream counterparts read white. The whole tax code in America is designed to support credit scores. I'm sorry, design to support home ownership. But we wanna argue about John. You know, there's somebody probably in the chat right now. Oh, you whatcha talking about we don't own the home. The bank owns a home. If you don't pay, I mean, I can go with this all day.


This you, you, I like math because it doesn't have an opinion. But, but no one taught us this. I mean, this is basic stuff. Three things have never gone down in value. Stock market value, whole real estate values and GDP of America, gross domestic pro in the history of America, gone up. There was a recession and receded and corrected above the line every time. But Jo John lemme ask you this, but here's the thing though, John, you know, in order to really invest in a stock, you gotta have what we call disposable income. If you using check, if you live, live in check to check if you gotta pay a mortgage or rent, if you gotta pay a car note and you gotta pay bills, that leaves you very little disposable income in order to put into the market.


So therefore they're why, like a lot of people that don't have disposable income, it's hard for them to accumulate, forget generational wealth just enough that when they retire, because I ain't really counting on, I ain't really counting on Medicaid and Medicare to take care of she sharp. So I I I'm just, I'm just like, hey, that's gonna be over with. But when you don't, so how would one that has very little or marginal disposable income accumulate something that when, when they retire, they have something, they have a nice little nest, nest egg. So you got, you don't have a self-esteem problem, Shannon. No, hell no. I love me. No, we, we, you won't, you won't have a problem with me when I say to you that what you just said is wrong.


Okay? Now, now when it comes to professional sports and a whole bunch, I, I gotta come to you and just shut up because I don't know. I have no clue. Okay? But there's occasionally, occasionally I might have something that I can give to you. Okay? And you just, it was a beautiful setup that is just incorrect. Okay? My mother worked 32, 32 years at McDonald DE's Aircraft making $15 an hour. She died September last with a million dollar net worth she had bought and sold seven homes. Her credit score, like you was 8 54, I believe it was. You used to go over eight 50. It was 8 54. So when, so when, when someone, somebody watching this says, well, Shannon just made a great point and he did make a great point.


Here you go. I don't have any disposable income. You went to Starbucks last week smoking cigarettes. If you, if you go to smart Starbucks three times a week and you've got a cigarette habit that's $6,000 a year, you making 36,000 a year, that's 20% of your income. I'll let that sink in for a minute. The cigarettes on the box says, this shit will kill you. Like, I don't know if I can say that on your pocket. This stuff will kill you. All right? So stop smoking cigarettes and go get you a cured machine at home and make your own coffee. You've now just recaptured three grand, two grand. Take that. Put it into, by the way, don't even do that. Just do, just stop doing silly stuff like going to a fast food restaurant every other night.


Cook something at home. It won't, by the way, might extend your life because you cannot have a soul food diet for the rest of your life and live to 80 years old. There are no 300 pound 80 year olds. And that's a desire, a diet that was designed for slavery with, because they put the, anyway, back to this point, they was Working it off Doc. Huh? You Could eat like, you could eat like that when you were in those fields working 14 hours a day, You had to because they threw the, they they threw the worst parts of the animal out back as a disrespect to you. Yeah. All you could do is turn it into a galaxy whole cake. Yes. Grits, hog malls, pig, feet, fried chicken, Oxtail, neck ball, Oxtails, I love oxtail pig. And we put salt on all the meats. So it didn't die in the heat, right?


Yes. You had to cure blood soul preserved. You're absolutely right. Right? So I love soul food twice a month, not three times a day. That's why black folks are inflamed. We're not fat. We are inflamed. 75% percent of all disease. My wife changers of wellness expert should tell you, 70 virus of all disease lives on inflammation. Inflammation. What is in it comes from bad gut environment, bad food. Back to this example. Let's assume that you don't have a a, a a about to say crack at habit. You don't have a, A Starbucks or cigarette alcohol. Yeah, there's some you don't have that. You're just wasting a little bit of money.


Take $25 that you were gonna go spend on whatever and do fractional share investment. Okay? You can buy a fraction of Warren Buffett's company, a $25 fraction of a share in target, tar Walmart. You know, wherever you, whatever you're dressed in, whatever you like, go buy that and do, do whatever you can afford. $5, $10, one. You can do a dollar fractional share. Don't tell me what you cannot do. Earned it. So somebody watching this, you about to get somebody some money. Somebody watching this, I'm gonna say, you gotta check coming to you because of Ochocinco and Shannon Sharp. You gotta check five, six, 10,000, maybe $20,000. It's called the EITC.


People say, what's that? The minute somebody in your chat says, what's that? Congratulations. If you make less than $60,000 a year, which is half of this country, you just got a check from the federal government through, through Shannon Sharp and Ochocinco. It's called the EITC. If you make 38,000 a year, you live in a small town. You listening to this podcast, you have three children. The government owes you a check for working. It's not a handout for $7,500, about 7,000, $7,500. If you've never filed, it's retroactive for three years. That's 20 grand. One out of four Americans who qualify for it, never even asked for it. That's $20 billion a year, Shannon. Wow. That, that's black people, to be real clear, that's us.


We don't have a tax pro, we don't have anybody doing our taxes. So, so, and if you're renting for the same cost of a mortgage payment, you should be owning the house rent to own. You're, you're, you're, you're, you're paying money uptown with people who don't like you with money. You don't have to buy something. You can't afford to be in some place where people don't want you there in a, in a doorman in a house that you're, that I own. I'm the landlord. I'm literally the landlord. I I'm the, I was, I found I'm the largest minority owner of single family rental homes in America. Well, I was, I bought, I built this company, promise Homes Company owned 700 homes between here and Florida. I sold most of the company in 2021. And I did that over five years.


And, and I encourage people not to rent from me, rent and get out, go buy a house. So it's a misnomer that you can't do this. Whether you believe you can, or whether you believe you can't, you're right. Is the glass half full or is it half empty? Depends who looking at the glass. One thing I know about you two, you're optimist over the round through it, you're gonna to get to it. You're gonna run over somebody to do it. Is that right? Yeah, that's exactly what your listeners should be, should be doing. Never say never. Don't say, I can't do this. It's impossible because I'm making a little money. No, you, you, you gotta have the right habits. Most of success is hustle and good habits and optimism.


Money's overrated. I never focus on money. I got more than I need. I never focus on it. I focus on passion, purpose, authenticity, what I can, what I, what I, I'm, anyway, I'm trying. Look, I can, I can move somebody's credit score listening to you who's making 40,000 a year. I can turn it into a homeowner in a year. I can get your credit score up in 54 points in six months through my whole financial coaching. I can get your debt down $3,800. Your savings up $1,200 in six to eight months. I'm doing it through, I have 1500 offices at Operation Hope that do financial coaching for free inside of bank branches. So the bank then says yes to youth to become a homeowner.


I'm not talking theory to you, brother. I've done four and a half billion dollars. I've invested four and a half billion dollars in the black and brown neighborhoods through Operation Hope, with the exact stuff we're talking about. This is not theory. John, if we going to get you outta here on this, what would be your one, what would be your one best piece of advice you could give our Chad tonight? Get off your rear end and stop complaining and stop whining. Race. Stop obsessing with stuff. It's like, look, racism is like rain. It's either falling some place or it's gathering. So get out an umbrella and the color of your life and start strolling through it. 'cause it's not going to change. It's been around since Jesus.


It's not gonna change. So you must, that's get your head right. Get your mind right. Get your spirit right. Get your life right. Get outta your own way. Realize that you're God's child. That you're, no one has these fingerprints. They're completely unique and they yours. And you could be great. You can be Ochocinco and Shannon s Sharp because they were once you, you can be John O'Brien. You can be charlamagne. You, you can be who you can be. Stephen A. Smith. But there's no billionaire. There's no billionaire who's who. There's no entertainer or no sports figure who's a billionaire who didn't do it by cross without crossing over into business. Yeah.


It's the only way. You can't A hundred percent, you can't sell enough movie tickets or tick or, or, or, or concert tickets or merchandise or you, you can't do it with a, with your single going back. Can't do it with that. Cash won't get there. You build wealth in your sleep. Stocks, bonds, home ownership investments, businesses one MBB at Operation Hope we created a half a billion, sorry, a half a million black businesses since George Floyd's murder. I'm committed to create a million black businesses by 2030. This is a black Jewish business plan, right? And, and there's only 3.1 million black businesses in America. We've already created four 50,000 of 'em, just under 500,000. That's 12% give or take of, of, of the national average.


And I'm not gonna stop because this is the, one of the ways that we can build wealth using our hustle or our talents. Don't just, don't just stand on the mic. Own that damn thing. Don't rock the mic. Own the mic rental company. Own the, the stage rental company. Own the Port Porta-potties at the movie studio in the video shoot. Own the lighting system that gets rented. Nobody, these companies don't own that stuff. They rent that stuff. Be the rental company, the, the VIP bracelets, but own the company that prints those things and sell it to the nightclub. Stop being a fool. Going to the nightclubs, spending $500 on a bottle of champagne that cost him 25. Be the company that sells in the bottles. Don't go to the club.


Own the club. I was with the, I was with Mike Maples, who's a one of the top 20 venture capitalists. I'm sorry. I'm, I'm passionate. Am I, am I talking too much? No, go ahead bro. Go ahead. Go ahead, go ahead, go Ahead. But my, my mother, you know, my mother always said, you don't want be the old guy in the club. So before y'all kicked me out, I'm gonna leave. Right. So this guy named Mike Maples, he is a big venture capitalist in Silicon Valley. I was talking to him one day. I said, Mike, tell me about your family. Oh, just normal family. Mike, I didn't ask you that. I asked you, tell me about your family. Well, my dad worked for Microsoft. Okay, what do you do with Microsoft? Oh, he worked for Bill Gates. I said, look, technically everybody worked for Bill Gates.


Yeah.


Famous smoke shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door. So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from heavy hitters like Mackin, Udo Monte Crito cohiba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirrorball Trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I, I don't like the Color Edition. It's extremely pink. Mm. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. If only there were a professional WNBA player with her own podcast I could listen to. Hey, This is Lexy Brown, WNBA Player and Professional Yapper. And this is Mariah Rose. You may know me from spilling the tea on hoops for Hotties on TikTok. And we've got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball and not just in the WNBA, but with Athletes Unlimited unrivaled and college basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. I know you guys have seen a lot of former and current basketball players telling their stories from their point of view. And I just think it's time for the girlies to tap in. We wanna Share all of the women's basketball stories that you won't see anywhere else. Tune into Full circle, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race. Is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course, Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason run.


Hey, what did he do? By the way, we need a black bill Gates as much as we need a black president, by the way, because that will create more, that will create other billionaires, other sent millionaires, a hundred million other multimillionaires who then create philanthropy in their neighborhoods, who hire people who look like them, mentor people look like them. The cascade effect of that would be incredible. Back to this example. So I said I worked for Mike for, for Bill Gates. Okay. I asked him 14 questions. He finally said, well, he was the president of, of software. I said, hold on, slow down. Did you just say your dad was in p was the president of software at Microsoft. So he really did work for Bill Gates, right? Yeah. I said, you said your life, your normal, your life was normal. Tell me more.


Tell me about your first business. Well, you know, my dad, I started this little business. I forget what it was, it was, you know, whatever newspaper, business, whatever it was. I forget it was, but he was 12 years old and he had made this the biggest business in his neighborhood. And he went to his dad one day. Here's the point. He said, Hey, I'm so excited. I I have made this the biggest business in our neighborhood. I'm gonna sell this business to Disney Mindset. His Mike Maywell Sr. Said, I'm ashamed of you, son. We don't think like that in this household. I raised you better than that. I'm sitting scratching my head, going, wait a minute. The kid just said, I'm a businessman. I'm gonna sell my business now. Right to Disney. He said, no, no, no. In this household, we don't build a business or sell it to Disney.


We build a business to buy Disney. Mm. Wow. Drop the mic. What is Mike Maples doing today? Buying businesses. You model what you see. So you, we need to, we, we need to, we need to become what we wanna see. Look, anybody out there saying, let's just give it away. Even if you want to distribute money like a socialist, you gotta first collect it like a capitalist. So anybody out there who has a problem with what we've been saying in this last hour, let me say this to you. You try government, charity, you tried social justice, you tried guilt, you tried whatever you tried.


We've tried a bunch of stuff. It ain't worked. Why don't you try capitalism? Hello? It seems to work for everybody else. Everybody who's tried to use free enterprise and capitalism to set themselves free has succeeded. We're brilliant. Why can't we do it? We can. We just have never tried it. That's what I'm teaching at scale. That's what you're doing. When I, I listened to you, you did a whole thing. When you're talking about credit scores, when you, I mean, I remember you said 800, do you don't Now everybody was thinking, well, if I wanna be like Shannon, I need an 800 credit score. Ocho single be dropping, be dropping some gems, and, and you, you guys be, you be weaving knowledge.


Charlemagne is very good at this weaving knowledge and education into the entertainment. That's what we need at scale. We gotta make this mainstream right now. Dang, John, I appreciate you joining us tonight. That's what we're gonna do from time to time. Our job here at clubs at Nightcap is to not only entertain, that's what we do. We inform people about what transpired in the, in the game and, and so forth and so on. But we also like to educate people. We like people because we want to see our people succeed. And what better way to do it is that people that's been successful, sometimes they get, we get redundant here from Ocho and I, and sometimes we need to bring a new voice in someone that succeeded on a grander scale that can speak to things that Ocho and I, we need help understanding and talking about.


So for you to come on tonight and educate our, our, our, our group, our chat, we greatly, greatly appreciate that. Well, let me say this. I think you're brilliant. I think what you've done here is brilliant. I think that you guys are a great partnership. You play very well on each other, and I think it's very elegantly done. And it's, it, it, and I, I love, I love seeing you shine. I love seeing you succeed. And other people I know, Bishop TD Jakes and Charlemagne and Stephen A. Smith are all rooting for you and that beautiful thing, a black man loving on another black man and completely straight. Right? So, so your audience, I want you to hear now, this last thing, anybody, all of the folks who wanna be ball players and football.


God bless you. Fantastic. No problem with it. But 70% of all those in the NBA, 70% of all those in professional football bankrupt five years after retirement. Two, two years. Thank you Ocho. You would know better than me. I would be conservative. And by the way, and then your wife leaves you. Yeah. So this, this is, if, if your outflow exceeds your inflow and your overhead is gonna be your downfall. If you've made all this money your whole life and you're now usually feting you, protecting you, serving you, giving you a paycheck, right? And then the paycheck stops. But your lifestyle is at a point where the bills keep coming and everybody else around you expects you to fund their lifestyle and you're not doing them a favor, by the way, all this posse that you're funding, you're not doing them a favor 'cause they can't take care of themselves.


You need people to be self-reliant, give them a hand up, not a handout. And then when they, when you need help, they can't come to help you. Correct. 'cause you're the source. So we've gotta get our mind right, because even when those who are succeeding at the top of their game aren't using an opportunity to turn an income into wealth, that, that, that pays you when you're asleep. So you can be Reggie Jackson, you, you can be Magic Johnson. Yes. You can be Michael Jordan. You can be Shannon Sharpie. And there's a, you know, there's a whole list of the folks who've actually done this, right? Hey, John, I need a couple of those cars that Reggie got. You know, Reggie got big Reggie's balling, man, Reggie is falling.


He's, he's what? John, thank you so much. I really appreciate that man. I'll be in touch with you. You know, you and I, we talk, we gonna get together and do the, have a chew the fat, sit down and do some business together. Bro, I really appreciate what you're doing for our community and, and, and part and partake in wisdom on our chat tonight. So I greatly appreciate that, man. My, my pleasure seeing you. Love and light. Everybody go out and get financial literacy for all. It is my newest book. Peace and Light, and go get a go get operational counseling. I'm gonna give you a thousand dollars free scholarships to go to operational, get a year's worth of coaching and counseling. So don't say that Shannon didn't do anything for you. Shannon and Ocho Skel. Thank you boss Bet you appreciate that. That was John Hope Bryant.


Oh, he's brilliant, don't you? I mean, the way he can lay out, the way he can explain it to you, the what you should buy. And that's what you have to do. You know, people are like, well I ain't got no money. It's funny, you ain't got no money, but you got money to stop by Starbucks. Drive through every day and buy a $5 to a $7 latte. Yeah. And You got money to do that. You got money, you got money to go on all these vacations. I, I've never understood borrowing money to go on a vacation. I never understood that. Ocho, maybe that's just me. I'm not gonna go, if I can't go and pay for, I'm not finna go into debt to do it. Yeah. And you know, one of the things I've always had you noticed, I know you always talk about you don't go on vacation, but I also don't go on vacation until I put in some type of work.


I see people listening. There's nothing wrong with that. There's nothing wrong with that. Just my mindset is a little different. Unless I, when I think about going on vacation, vacation, to me the reason for going on vacation is because I put in a certain amount of work and the body needs to reset. I need to, they have a, a, a, a mental lapse of just, of calmness and peace. Yes. I just go on vacation just to be going on vacation, just to take pictures and have fun. I never saw the point in that. But Ocho That is me personally. Can I ask you a question? How can I go on vacation and I'm worried the whole time, how the hell am I gonna pay for this? That ain't no, that ain't no piece Ocho. I mean, I've gotta get away.


Like I ain't gotta worry in the world. I know when I get back, I still got, I got my mortgage gonna be paid, the car payment gonna be paid X amount of money going to savings, yada yada, yada. I don't have to worry about paying for this vacation. If I'm on the vacation and I'm like, oh Lord have mercy. Woo. I pro, I pro, I sure probably shouldn't have come. And I hear people say, oh, ooh, I don't know how I'm gonna pay for this. But I worry about that later. Huh. Yeah. You think that, that that charge is gonna magically disappear on your credit card and they charge, I don't know what credit card rate is 'cause I pay all my probably what, what's credit card rate? 15, 20% and you pay, you got a 5,000, 10,000 credit card and you send in 200 a month.


What the hell you going do? Your kid, somebody else gonna be paying that off. Listen, it all starts with one of, one of the key things that he did say that I always talk about. I mean those that have followed me throughout the years, I always talk about financial literacy and having, having a discipline. If you don't have discipline, it doesn't matter what amount of money they give you, you gonna run through It, it gonna be gone. It it, you gonna run through it. That's why when that argument on Twitter happens every, every so often where people talk about credit score and a certain amount of money and I see all the Twitter go with, oh I want this amount of money because where it is, I'm gonna just pay it off and then I'm gonna flip it and I'm gonna do this. They got all these ideas, not really understanding. That's not how it works. Ocho remember I told you the story. I was in the NFL and my credit was so bad I couldn't get a car.


Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Prime example, I couldn't get a car. And so, I mean now if you got, if you wanna pay cash from everything, they'll graciously accept it. But nah, if I got that kind of cash, I'm gonna put it away. I wanna put a large portion of it away and let it work for me because I know I'm gonna get somewhere between four and 8%. Yeah. I ain't trying to pay, I ain't trying to pay no car. I ain't trying to put $200,000 to pay a car off for 200,000 or however the car cost 30,000. 40,000 or pay. Or I want to get a house and I gotta pay for the whole house, pay it off, or I have to get some. Nah, hell nah. No, that's just me. But John, we really appreciate you.


Hopefully chat. You enjoy that conversation about how to, you know, financial be financially and fiscally responsible because at the end of the day, ain't nobody coming to save you. Oh. Now you, you can hope. You can hope. And we not, we not doing political. Hey, I've made peace with the decision that the American public made on November that second, that second Tuesday in November. I've made peace with that. I ain't, I ain't finna work my nerves up these four years gonna go by the, the breeze just like the last four years and the four years before that. So y'all can get all upset and talk about, oh, I don't know what I'm gonna do. I don't, I know what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna keep my head down. I'm gonna keep my ears closed and I'm gonna go to work.


Singular Focus. That's what I'm going do Now, I don't know what y'all going to do, but I'm gonna tell you what Shannon Sharp's gonna do. That's what I'm gonna do. And when these four years is up, I'm gonna look up. There's gonna be somebody come in, make a whole lot of promises and they don't deliver. Some people are gonna get delivered. That's gonna to get delivered on. And some people are not. But y'all keep worrying about this. I ain't worried about it. I can't, I can't, I can't work my nerves up. I, I've made peace with it. Ocho I think they should also, Ocho the Eagles are selling snow from their playoff win. They box it up the snow. Right. Put it in a, I mean they put it in a little container and you can buy it. I think it's 9 9 9 7 9 9.


Is that too much Ocho? Yeah, that's, that's too much. That's too much because you listen for one, the fans Philadelphia, the culture in general, they should be used to winning by now. They should be used to winning by now we're having the snow and there's no point because Yeah, we being contention every year. Yeah, you gonna be contention every year. Jeffrey Lurie and everyone else who is responsible putting that team together, they're always going to be in contention because those that are at the top know what the hell they're goddamn doing. Oh. Oh. So that's selling it for $50. The snow 50, 50 bucks, Man, what you Nah man, I mean it, it is cool, but it's no point.


It's no point. Y'all gonna be back in the FFC championship again. Depending on the color jersey we wore. You know, I would change my chin strap. Huh? So yeah, I have a black chin strap. Sometimes I have a orange chin strap and I would wear the orange shoes. You once Right. Remember everybody's shoes had to match. Even back then everybody had Oh yeah. Had the same color scheme there. I'd go. So I would, I would, I would take the fine, I would take the fine and then it got to a point like year six or seven they would call down to David's Poulter. Remember David Fulcher? Yeah, I know Fool. Yeah. I played against him. He 33 with the Bengals. Yeah, I played against Fool. Cher was our, what do you call the guy that comes out and, and He was the, what they call, I don't know right name, uniform guy.


Uniform guy, uniform Guy. So listen, he would tell me during pregame, he say, listen Ocho now you know, they looking At You. They, they looking at you not supposed to have that, you know, I take the towel, I take the stream, I cut the towel and had a long streamer hanging. He said that's not, that's not NFL issue. They gonna get you for that streamer. I say folks man, y'all make, might as well go ahead and find me now because I'm, I'm finna wear this towel and these orange pieces of orange chin strap. I'm finna wear that too, man. It got to the point In year six or seven, they will, the league office will call in the middle of the game and say, I will be removed from the game unless I take those shoes off. Unless I take that trim off. They sure would The right chin strap. I'm like, what the hell?


Yep. This is what? Oh yeah, This is what we got into. Oh yeah, they made me on your, 'cause I had patent leather shoes. So the shoes was like white, blue and orange. Oh. The re remodel. Well you could only have two colors. Colors. You could only have two colors. Right. So they made me cover up one of the colors So you can cover, I don't care what color it is, but you gonna cover up one of them. I'm like, I just wanna know what is the, what is I say the shoe, I say everything matches right. Y'all make it seem like I got, I got on a blue and orange uniform and I got on a red pair of cleats or something. I said, come on guys. It's like, hey Sharp, I don't make the rules, I just work here.


Yeah. And they, and I used to have a, I have a blue chair, I had a blue chair strap. Right. So that rule was implemented after I left Ocho. 'cause I had a blue str, a blue chair strap basically my entire career. Right. And if you go back and look my chin strap, I never buttoned my full chin strap. It was never all, I always kept mine hanging on the right one. Hanging. I did listen, I saw Prime do it, so I would, I did it on offer. That's why my helmet always flying off. I never, I never buttoned the last one. Both of mine was hanging. They're like, button that chin strap. I was like, no, something bad gonna happen. I button this strap something bag gonna happen. I'm gonna swing on you. Official.


The Volume


Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed Fresh Trust. The name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age cell prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus Tobacco Consumers.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. This is Lexy Brown and Mariah Rose and we've got a new podcast full circle every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. Full Circle is an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. Listen to Full Circle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and right at night and after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.