
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts


Lowe's helps refresh your garden in time for Mother's Day. Right now get five bags of one and a half cubic foot Scots Naturescapes Mulch for just $10. Plus. Select one and a half gallon annuals hanging baskets make the perfect gift, now two for only $15. The best Garden starts with great deals. Lowe's, we help you save Ballad through five seven. Selection varies by location while supplies last discount taking a time of purchase.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool Beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, and just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


You're a hustler. You get things done, but you don't always do things for yourself. With J-Lo Beauty, it takes just a few minutes a day to look like facials are a regular part of your routine. J-Lo Beauty's Fresh and Flawless Skincare kit includes six skincare products that work as hard as you do. They'll hustle to brighten firm and hydrate your complexion morning and night. This skincare kit is a one and done solution that is clinically proven to visibly tighten and lift for instant and long lasting results. Cleanse, treat moisturize, protect the fresh and flawless skincare kit. Does it all see why the kit's a bestseller today? Visit J beauty.com/deluxe and get an extra 25% off your first shipment plus free gifts with Code Deluxe. If you're not satisfied, return the bottles within 60 days for your money back. See the website for details? That's JLo beauty.com/deluxe to get that J logo, The Volume.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of nightcaps for the first time in NBA History, all the road teams won game one. We've had two of four. We've had three of four. We've never had all four win and that's what happened and a couple of them won in dramatic fashion. We're gonna get to that in in just a moment. Thank you guys for joining us. Again, I am your favorite, UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host, the Liberty City Legend, the Bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson and our special guest tonight to talk about basketball is a 10 year NBA Vet Pasadena native UCLA alum, a seven foot plus high jumper.


Yes, here he is, Mr. Ryan Holly Ryan, thank you. And he calls games for the Houston Rockets. Ryan, thank you for joining us tonight. We can't wait to get your input on a lot of these games. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for supporting Nightcap. Thank you for your continued support because thanks to you we get to do OCHO and I get to do what we do and all the awards that are behind us. OCHO have 'em in his place. I have 'em in mind was because of you, because you believe in us. So thank you very much. From the bottom of our heart, make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock.


Now if you cannot find Shea by La Poitier is a premium VSOP, the best VSOP on the market. If you cannot find it in a city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. That link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please get yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work tour or are are on sale, eight stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, Los Angeles, Miami, yc, Chicago, and Detroit Tickets can be found@sheamedia.com slash tour.


That's shehe media.com/tour. Go get your tickets now, right? We're gonna get right into it tonight. The Warriors beat the Wolves a large part without Steph. Steph left the game early in the second quarter with a hamstring injury. Did not return the timber Wolves tonight. Nas Reed. Nas Reed was three of seven from three. Everybody else was two of 22 and they did not get off to the the best start shooting the basketball. And as Chris Finch said, our transition decisions making was diabolical. He said the poor shooting affected their confidence in overall play. It starts with Anthony Edwards. You can see the light go out and for a little while now he did get it going in the second half, he had 23 points, 14 rebounds.


It just took him 22 shots to get those 23 points. And that's not nearly good enough because outside of Ad Man, Julius Randall was four of 11. Jayden Daniel was six or 12. Rudy Gobert was four of seven. Mike Conley got some great cardio in tonight, but deep in Chi oh three of 11 Nikhil Walker Alexander had four, was had 14 minutes. He got some great cardio in. And even Shannon Junior, he got cardio in only got two minutes on the bike ocho, but he got a little cardio in so he only have to do 18 minutes on the bike after the game because he did get two minutes of cardio. Ryan, I'm gonna start with you on this. You watched this game and you was like, okay, the Warriors might be in trouble.


Steph going out and looked like he had it going. Looked like he was headed towards a monster night. He had 13 points in about 13 minutes. So it looked like it was gonna be one of those nights. Draymond got off, hit four of his five first threes. But You know what? I'll let Draymond have that. I just don't want Steph, but he'll get going. What did you like about what you saw from the Warriors tonight? Man, the fir first thing they coulda did, he could've pulled that hamstring on Sunday, last Sunday. He could've pulled that hamstring. We be having a whole different conversation now. Okay, let's get that out there right now, first and foremost, but man, I don't think people understand and give Golden State the credit defensively. They are sound, they're smart. Steve Kerr will get out there and switch defenses.


I saw stuff I've never seen in a series against Houston against our guys. He ran three two zone. He ran 1 3 1 in the NBA. That's something you never see to take away the elbows. And he doesn't mind switching stuff. He'll go play big, he'll go small. And right now, one thing he's doing, he's daring Rudy Gobert. He's saying, I'm gonna put Jimmy Butler. I'm gonna put Ray on. We're not putting a guy above six eight on you. And he is really challenged and go bear to score the ball inside of paint Now against Hin Doon and Steven Adams. He went big. You saw a lot of Quentin Post, you didn't see Quinton Post tonight. You, you saw you, you saw Pavon Looney and Dre mad. You know, you saw both those guys in the lineup. I'm gonna pick, make this very clear.


They're not gonna win this series without Steph Perry. He, he, he's gonna have to get back depending how bad that hamstring is. And I've never seen Steph go down and it's, and it's funny, man, we were talking about this the other day with Steph. If you watch him play, I don't know. He, he must went run three to four to five miles every possession he's running. So finally that hamstring, You know, went out. Yeah. But a at the end of the day, Chad, yeah. Almost see in reality where Anthony Edwards struggles that bad offensively. They gotta find ways to get him going. And ultimately in game one, it was a lot of rust. The, the, the, the positive. When you play seven game series, you're fresh, you're ready, the juices are going.


But I saw Russ from Minnesota Ocho what, what'd you think about what you saw? Because like, You know, he said, I don't think Antman Hill jump shot all night long. Yeah. Everything that he got was going to the basket or it was from the free throw line. He was terrible from the three point line. What was he from the three point line? Oh, he did make one. He was one of five from the three, he was four or five from the free throw line. Nine or 22 from the floor. Overall he did have 14 rebounds. But the thing that they didn't allow him to do, they made him incredibly inefficient and they didn't let you look at his assist. Total two, remember when he played the Lakers, 11 assists. Yeah. Eight, nine assists. So not only is he getting his points, he's allowing everybody else to get involved. Yeah. Tonight Golden State did a great job of limiting him, making it hard for him to get anything.


He couldn't get anything from the jump shot, the three point line. He got some driving baskets in the second half. Yeah, but it wasn't nearly nearly enough. What did you, what? So Tim Woods you like a man. What is it that you didn't see that you want to see in order for them to win this series moving forward? I mean, actually going forward, the Wolves, the Wolves are gonna have to have, and man has to be on, he has to be on fire. He has to be the leader and get, go out there and f not only facilitate, but take a game over. You know, it, it is only game one. And I s honestly, from what I saw, I knew Steph was getting hot when he, when he was playing, but when he went out and he tweak, he tweaked that hamstring a little bit. I'm like, okay, this is the perfect opportunity for the Wolves to get back in the game or at least make it a close game.


And that's what I thought it would be, You know, towards the end I thought they would have opportunity to come back. But obviously Jimmy, Jimmy Butler and, and Mond Green kind of, kind of led the way, You know, buddy Hill helped as well and, and making sure that it didn't happen. But Buddy Got going in that second half. Yeah, you Got, yeah, he got going in the second nigga. It's, it's only game one. It's only game one. So I'm, I'm expecting, You know, Anthony Edwards and the rest of rest of that crew collectively to have to have a better game. Especially Ant, ant man got a, I think everybody gonna feed off his energy and how he plays. So everything starts with him. I mean, you think about it, Minnesota's score 11 points in the second quarter. Warriors almost outscored them in the second quarter.


The Warriors scored 26 points in the second quarter. They had 31 points at the half Minnesota did. I don't know if I've ever seen a team be this, this poor and an entire quarter, 12 minute quarter, Ryan, I don't know when's the last time you see somebody score just 11 points in a quarter in today's game. Now maybe when the game was physical hell, and I mean, I remember games being 73, 68, 70 to 65. But in today's game, when it's up and down, I don't know if I've seen this anemic of a quarter from a team. Well, well this, this is the thing that you gotta understand that you must have missed our series, man, they defend and in Golden State more than anybody, they don't funnel you into a big, because the biggest dreamer, they just square you off and they keep you in front his old school basketball.


Right? And they force a contest and then you bring Jimmy Butler in. Jimmy can play both ways. So they got size and they're switchable and then, You know, come in with guys off the bench. But very elite because it, it's, it's a different style than you're used to seeing. And even when Curry's out there, Curry's put on so much muscle, he's stronger, they're deep into their scatter port. If there's a weakness that you have, you can argue they may be the smartest team in the NBA defensively. So it's not a surprise. And on the other end, this is my, my challenge to Anthony Edwards. Now he is gonna shoot the ball better just by his God given ability. When he learns how to truly play the game of manipulate defenses, he is gonna be, he, he he's gonna be unstoppable.


And what do I mean by that? Luca, Dante can't jump over a phone book, but he can manipulate defense. You know what I'm saying? Yes. Like Luca, Dante is gonna find a bad matchup. He gonna hold you into a pick and roll, use the angle and hit it. That man playing on all heart right now, it, it's, it's all heart. But when he learns how to run the pick and roll, find the poor matchup, see how to play in him, you can't guard him. You know? So he's made strides and the game is gonna come so much more easier to him. But again, that was rust. And, and it's, and like Chad said, Chad, it's almost impossible we gonna expect him to go into the next game and play that bad. And, and you going to have to see, You know, here's the problem, Chad, I I don't know how y'all, both y'all feel about this now you going have to ask Jimmy Butler to do a lot more than he's been doing.


Yes. Jimmy Butler's been playing heavy minutes, but he's been saving himself. He had 11 rebounds tonight. He had eight assists tonight as you mentioned. 'cause he, first of all, Draymond is a, is a point, whatever you call him, he's a point center, point forward, whatever you wanna call it. Yeah. Oh sure. Because he initiates a lot of their offense. Yeah. That's not what Curry Curry does. Curry spends his time being in perpetual motion running from side to side, coming off picks coming off pin downs and things of that nature. He's not really initiating their offense. That role goes to Jimmy Butler and, and Draymond Green. So now with Curry being out, you're probably gonna ask Jimmy to do a little bit more of the scoring. He can't be as much as a facilitator because he had Curry taking a lot of that scoring role.


Now, if Curry's going to be out, you're gonna ask him to do more. He's more than capable of doing that because we saw him for a number of years in Miami. Do some of everything. Go get your 50. If you need 6, 15, 16 rebounds go get you that. You need double digit assists. He can get you that. And so I agree with you Ryan. I think he's gonna have to be, he's gonna have to be more of everything. He's gonna have to be that guy. What we saw LeBron be for a lot of those years, maybe lead the team in points, rebounds, assists, hell maybe steal block shots because he has that ability. Right? It's gonna be very interesting to see how the Wolves respond to this because they had it fairly easy for the most part. Look, the Lakers would always choke it off and, and, and they, You know, they would get some confidence going and the next day, You know, an man get hot.


Everybody catch fire shooting at three. They was five or 29 tonight. Now they're not, they made the fifth most threes, but they're not, they, they weren't a great three point shooting team against the Lakers. They just got hot and spells and that was a good enough to carry them over. Antman did what he did. But you got Jane Daniels averaging 22, 23 points a game. And you see tonight he had 12. You had Julius Randall giving you 22 and six and five. He had 18 tonight. So everybody played below their average against the Lakers. And I don't know if that this effort tonight, they're gonna have to find something because I like what you said, Ryan, the Warriors are a team.


They don't beat themselves. They make you beat them. So if you think they're gonna make silly mistakes on Joe by turning the ball over, being caught out of position, you don't see them pointing like, bro, I thought you had that right. I thought you was focused to show I thought you was gonna hedge. I thought we was gonna switch this. You don't see them doing a lot of that. Right. They know exactly what they're gonna do according to what you're gonna do. And if you beat them, you beat 'em. Yeah. But they're not gonna make those silly tick tack mistakes that you're like, damn, well, You know, we made a lot of mistakes out there. That's not what they do. Yeah. Well, well, well one thing also i i I want to touch on is you say, you say when you beat the Warriors you gotta beat 'em. They're not gonna beat themselves. And we talk about Anthony Edwards in that, in that cast collectively having a better shooting game and, and and shooting above, above what their percentage is to even have a chance to win.


But are we even worried a little bit about the, about the Warriors, You know, with Curry's hamstring being out, going into game two or do you think Jimmy Butler, buddy Hill and Dre Mon and can carry the load? Hey Sha Hey Sha, I'm gonna tell you one thing. Yeah. As, as fatigued as he is at his age, he might be back game three or four. Now the goal right now, if you're Golden State and c per, and you, You know this, you stole that game. Yes. So now you can rest. When Jimmy I steal, I can steal a rest game. Yes. Okay. When Jimmy Butler went out against Houston, they were able to rest because they won, they won a game and they were able to get him back.


So if, if you're Golden State, you're saying if we can get him back by game three or four and and not rush it 'cause we stole a game. Right. Which means even we, we just need to get one at home and now we still got a series. That's the biggest thing. Oh, I wanna touch on something you said Anthony Edwards wasn't red shirt against the Lakers. They literally, it was man to man legit Let him played One-on-one. Yeah, he played one-on-one, but he pretty much zoned the weak side because they don't have the ability to pressure the basketball. Golden State got up and pressured Anthony Edwards. Okay, Gary Peyton, I second. Yep. Is the dog Okay? He can argue Draymond argue. So they showed bodies and they're saying stick it to somebody else. You know, NAS Reed was wide open.


McDaniels was wide open for three because I can help and recover to those guys. They don't have a nightmare shooter. If it's not Mike Conley in that situation. Yeah, because you look at Julius Randall, oh, for three Jay McDaniels. Oh, for three Mike Conley. Oh, for two Anthony Edwards, one for five, Dante Devin Zo, one for seven. Alexander Walker. Oh for two. So at that point in time, golden State says, You know what, Hey guys, let's not chase him off the line. Let's leave at the line because they ain't gonna be able to throw the notion anyway. So we running outta there, getting out of position. And and this is what, what surprised that a lot of people might not realize to be a small, small team. Golden State is a great rebounding team.


Absolute, they out absolutely rebounded. They out rebounded Minnesota by 10 with Rudy Gobert, with Julius Randall, with Nas Reed, with Ant Man. Yeah. With Jayden McDaniels. Let that sink in because if you look at him side by side, you're like, damn, Rudy Gobert looked like Goliath. Julius Randall six nine. So I mean the tallest, the tallest player that they and then started lineup is probably Draymond or Jimmy Butler at six seven. You got Steph Curry 6 2, 6 3 maybe Buddy Hill. But they get a, they get a, they come, they get you out of position because you're scrambling trying to run guys up the three point line. Yeah. They miss and they know what the ball the carry is and they get the ball, but they're scraping, they're tenacious.


Go ahead, go Ahead Brian. Lemme give no Chad, the reason they don't give those rebounds and we talked about it earlier, they stay on the body. Yeah. It's hard to beat them off the bounce. And even when you beat 'em, they stay in the play. So now your body on bodies, when I can get bodies on bodies and box you out is old school basketball. Right. Steve approach old school basketball. So that's why they, they're, they're so dominant on the glass. And then on the other end, here's my fear, Chad. And I don't know how you feel about this. When Furry's running around, you gotta give attention. You gotta get two the ball that opens up Buddy Hill, that opens up the other guys, it opens up Jimmy. But even though Jimmy Butler doesn't wanna shoot, he got a, he got free space.


That free space is gonna go away. And my key, this is my key going forward, the typical ones are excellent when they can turn you over. They're young, they're athletic, they play off energy and Golden State is doing what? Chad ain't holding the ba Chad, you watch him, they hold the basketball. Yeah. You're gonna see them shoot by design. And normally in basketball, Chad, you wouldn't want to see this. It's almost like a football. Y'all don't want to play that team that's gonna defend and just hold the ball. They acting the ball at the last, that's Golden State. They shooting the ball at five seconds. Right. Eight or five seconds every possession. So they, they push the game out time. Yeah, that's what they, I mean they're the total op, they're the total opposite of Indiana. If you look at Indiana, they're looking to push tempo, make, take it out the damn four eight or we get off the rim.


But you look at it and four dribbles, they got somebody, if you're not careful, they got somebody laying the ball up in the basket. You look at Steve Curry, he says Steph Curry is day to day and we'll get an MRI tomorrow. Obviously he's crushed Buddy Hill game 1 24 points five may threes. He's hit 14 three in the, in his previous two games. And he won 'em game seven because he caught fire and they didn't have an answer for it. And tonight, the second half when you saw Minnesota started to make a run, it was him boom, boom, boom in the third quarter. And when they cut it, Ryan, you and Ocho, you remember in the fourth quarter, I think they had got it down to eight. Yeah. He made a two pointer and then he came right back down and made a three and pushed it right back to 13.


And they really never challenged after that. But Buddy is playing, I mean, look, he could always shoot the ball. If you look at him where he is now as far as three pointers, he's head of what Curry was at the same point in time in their careers. Now I'm not saying he's gonna catch Curry, I'm not saying he's a better shooter, but I'm saying Steph came in and, and and, and and started this revolution or this evolution, whatever term you want to use. And so now guys are coming in and they're getting up more threes. And so now you gonna, I mean you might have, when it's all said and done right, you might have three guys that made 10 guys made 3000 threes in a career. Yeah. I'm, I'm gonna give you this about Buddy Hilda.


And here's the challenge. Chad, I don't know if you, you, I don't know if you a type this type of guy Chad in your career, but Buddy Hill is not great at being the second or third option. He's the guy that has to get his touches right. And Steve Ker made a genius plan because what he did in that game seven against Houston, he said we need a third option. Right? Yeah. And and and and, and it wasn't gonna be Minga, it wasn't P GSKi and P GSKi iss a dog. I like him man. He got an old school style of place. Yeah. But he said Buddy Hill, play what fixed you best and it paid off. Chad, do you, were you one of those guys? Could you be second? I know you and tj Yeah. Matter, matter fact, could you, You know what I'm saying?


Matter of fact About it, Ocho he about to play second. But you had to get, OCHO is like most number one receivers. Get him the ball early, you can have him late. You can't dilly dally around with him and wait till the second quarter or the third quarter to try to beat him the ball, give him a smoke, give him a quick out, give him a slant, let him touch the ball. If you let him touch the ball early, you can have him Late the rest of game. But you're probably gonna lose him if you don't give him the ball to the late, the second corner right before the half or the third. Chad, I'm not calling you No matter, matter of fact, He needs his touches. Yeah. And you can speak to that. A guy who wants to Like a small example. I could think about what I, I stood on the table when Teo had the opportunity to come to Cincinnati.


I told Marvin, I told Mike Brown, I said, listen, we gotta get him, we gotta get him in here. I have no problem taking the back seat. I have no problem being number two, understanding the greatness that's getting ready to come, You know, into the receiver room. Now at that point, common goddamn sense this, this is one of the best of all time. I don't care how good I am right now in Cincinnati, I'm finna take a backseat to go. I'm taking a backseat and I had no problem with it. So at some point, obviously just like you said at Brokowski and Carson, they knew to gimme my touches early and the off the offense ran really well. Hell, but just that year we went four on 12. So we still was sorry but Chad, I'm still mad at y'all over that. Both of y'all. My problem, I'm still mad at y'all over that. Okay. I'm still mad at y'all over that team.


Hey I 10, I don't know what happened. I don't know what happened that year, man.


Hey, so we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know what degree? Cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know if you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants assistants switch you to Mint mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only, then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee, full terms@mintmobile.com.


Hi, this is Jovan your blinds.com design consultant. Oh wow. A real person. Yep. I'm here to help with everything from selecting the perfect window treatments to wow. Mm. I've got a complicated project. No problem. We make the complex simple. I can even help schedule a professional measurement install. I didn't realize you did that. We can also send you samples fast and free. Wow. I mean I always thought I needed a designer to come to my home, but scheduling's always a nightmare. Not with blinds.com. We're on your schedule and there's no haggling pressure or hidden fees either. Hmm. I just might have to do more. Whatever you need. How about you tell me what you had in mind. Okay then. So the first room we're looking at is for guests coming over and I'm thinking of something. Blinds.com is covered over 25 million windows all backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blinds.com now and get up to 50% off with minimum purchase rules and restrictions may apply.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past, discover's accepted at 99% of places to take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen report.


Pacers Steel Game two in Cleveland, only three teams have come back down seven in the last minute of a playoff game since 1997. The Thunder did it on May 13th, 2014. The Pacers did it April 29th, 2025, which was seven days ago. The Pacers also did it. May 6th, 2025, which was up tonight. Coach ob, we talked about it. Yeah, another six. Another six guys in double figures. You got AKA 12 Niece Smith 23, Turner 23 Nihar 13, Halliburton 19, math 19. You see, and you don't know, you just know it's a committee.


Yeah. Now you don't know who's gonna be the lead, who's gonna be the president who's gonna adjourn the meeting. But You know, these guys are gonna, and they did an unbelievable job. I believe in a situation like this. Ryan, correct me if I'm wrong. Look, yeah. The other team has to make, has to make a lot of mistakes. But in order for you to steal a game with 50 seconds left and you're down by seven, you gotta make everything right. You gotta miss, you gotta miss a, a free throw and get a rebound and get an A one. You, I mean, you see ma, you see math, they missed the free throw. He dunk it home. Okay, now Halliburton make one. He missed the next one. He get it, boom out four, three. Everything that could have gone wrong for the cals, the calves all night, getting the ball in.


There were a couple of times they could have got some violations but, and then I don't know who, what happened. He just threw the ball right to Nihar. Nihar say, I mean like, thank you very much, but they're in trouble. I don't, I I I think this series is over and it's gonna be the most epic lap because the team that won this many games to possibly get swept. Right. I can see them getting swept. Ryan, I don't know if you see that but you got some glasses on. Put them glasses on so you can see if you can see what I see. Could I Could I damn sure see them getting swept? Yeah. Hey, hey Chad. Yeah, Chad, I called this before I seen it and and you, this is what's crazy. The Independent Pacers the most underrated team in the NBA right now.


Yeah, they're a team. Hey. Oh Chad, last year they went to the Eastern Conference finals. Yeah. Yeah. And everybody said it was for injuries. Listen man, Rick Carlisle, Nihar McConnell, they got some dogs over there. It's not the sexiest. Okay. They don't got the 40 inch Bur Mastering is athletics the Occas athletic, but other than that they just are tough. Yeah. Hard-nosed players. And the way that the NBA is played now that it's shifting to, it was a game of athletes, a bunch of three time shootings. Now it's a game of toughness and skill. Indiana has toughness and skill. They moved to basketball on, like you talked about in Halliburton.


Hey man, hold on man. What's they need to put some respect on Halliburton's name. Yeah. They call most overrated player of the NBA. Lemme tell you something from Schematically. There's only a handful of guys that can manipulate the game. Chris Paul, I played with Chris. Chris was one of those guys that can do it in the NBA now is LeBron, it's Luca Dridge and James Hard when he's on his a game. Tyrese Haliburton could manipulate the game. What do I mean by that? He's the guy that can beat you with the past and he can beat you with the shot. Right. And when you take one away, he's gonna make the correct play. So we looking at the stat sheet, he got 19 points, four assists in the game winner. And he is got the clutch gene.


He finds away, it's not the prettiest game. It's not, it is not the prettiest. He's the guy gets, Hey it's, it's the Kevin Martin. He got a little Kevin Martin in there, right? Yeah. But he's a dog and he finds a way. But Chad, am I crazy to where I, I called this before it happened. I got the record, I called it am I crazy to say that still is gonna outweigh the athletes and the size and obviously give credit to the cowboy players. They choked the game up, but they had injuries, they had guys missing. Donovan Mitchell drops 48 points in the game. And at the end of the day, if I'm Donovan Mitchell and I say I dropped 48, that's all I can do to wield my team to win. And we couldn't win. We sit It's a rah. Yeah, yeah.


For me, Ocho and I, I thought the game could have been even closer. I mean, think about it. See Iko had eight shots. He's one of your, he's your all star. Yeah. Halliburton had 11 shots. Think about how many of those shots came in the fourth quarter. Yeah. I'm like, bro, what's he, what are y'all doing? I mean, nobody took more miles. Turner had the most shots. He had 17, they only had 85. They shot almost 52% from the floor. If they take better care of the, of the basketball. I mean, Nihar had eight turnovers, so he had almost half of the turnovers. If they do a better job taking care of the basketball, I'm not so sure Cleveland get out to that lead. But Cleveland, as the game got closer, I mean they would look up big and every time, here come Indiana, here come Indiana, they go up by 1819 here come Indiana will it down to nine.


Yeah. They go back up by 13, they cut it back down to seven. And I was like, okay, now y'all messed around y'all age. You play with fire because y'all letting them guys, they, they like, Hey man, we right here. We make a couple of plays, we get a couple of stops. You know, even getting that huddle, Hey, hey, we make a stop right here, get a ball ocho get a ball back to our offense. Yeah. Hey, who knows what can happen. And that's what happened. They messed around and let 'em get close. Hey. And you hit that three point shot. It's like, oh, oh, it's a one point game. Yeah. Oh and Halliburton got the rebound. Hey, he dribbled out. He got the matchup that he wanted. Guy was work. Hey, I ain't giving you the three. If you go to the bathroom, I before up and tied up. Yeah.


I'm not giving you that. I'm not, I'm not. Yeah. But look, like I said, nev ne Smith had 23, he played really well. Four rebounds, three blocks, miles Turner, 23 points, eight rebounds, five blocks, Tyrese Haliburton, 19 points, nine rebounds. The game winner, the sh the series shift to Endio on Friday. You're talking about a team that what, what 64 games and could possibly get swept. Have we ever had a team win so many games to get swept maybe that that 94 Supersonics team they got, they didn't get swept but they they got beat by the eight seat, the Denver Nuggets. But to get Swept Yeah. At 64 wins.


Well honestly, listen, when you talk about 'em having 64 wins, you gotta remember, you gotta remember tonight they were, they, they didn't have key contributors. Derrick Derrick there is garlands out Evan Mobley, Deandre Hunters out. So those 64, Were they out when they had that 20 point lead or they just went out once they got the lead? Just say They came in injured. They came, they came in injured, they came in injured. So went out. So they had 20 point lead with those guys on the bench, right? Yeah. So that's what, that's why. But that's why Donovan had 48. 'cause he had to do more. Yeah, he I give him that. But see we are, we surprised that Donovan, we, Donovan had 57 in the playoff game. Him and Jamar Murray both had 50 in the playoff game. Right. We don't think about how many times he scored 30. Yeah. In a playoff game. I think in five of his seven games with the calves, he's had at least 30.


We know he's a scoring machine, but as long as he got how many hold up he had? He was 15 for 30. 15 for 30. Yeah. I can live with the a. That's, that's efficient. That's 15%. He was over, He Was open. He didn't shoot, he didn't shoot the three ball wells and he had nine assists. Yeah. So he did all he could do. But you can't turn the ball over in situations like that. You can't leave guys open. You, you, you just can't make the mistakes. Right. In a situ. You got, listen, you got to win that game. You can't play. I don't believe they can play any better. Ryan, with the guys that they have missing, they can't play any better than what they played tonight. And they don't have anything to show for that performance that Donald Gave. One. 100%. And this was Indiana's mindset.


Let me speak to so that you two can't speak to. Okay y'all, y'all's first options, all the plays, I was the role player. So lemme speak to the role players. You can give energy, you can bring life. They, they played like their backs were against the wall. But as things get tighter, you need your stars. Now Donovan did his job, but Darius Garland is the other closer on that team. He's the guy, you put the ball in his hands and he's the playmaker things get happen on happen on the backside. So the role players, the heart was there, but as things got tighter, where were they gonna go if the basketball and Donovan could do too much. So for Indiana, they were patient.


They just said, where's your offense gonna keep coming from? So, You know, the energy, the excitement, You know, and when you have a guy go out and you saw this with bold state, you, you galvanize behind it, I think with Steph Cur went out, You know, Draymond Gray. But as for known as a nons shooter, future hall of famer, by the way, I think Dre might hit three, four straight, three pointers in a row. You did. So you saw the energy from the role players. But as a role player, when the game is getting tight, I'm looking at Chris Paul, okay, I'm looking at Paul Pierce, I'm looking to those guys and they not on the floor. We going products. We can only run so much offense. And it it, it is funny, there's a saying, it's not about the Xs and Os, it's about the Jimmys and Joes.


You have to have players in those situations. So no disrespect to the guys on the floor for Ke Cleveland, but Donovan Mitchell alone wasn't enough. And the thing is, you got a well-oiled machine over there with the Pacers and they just let it get tighter, let it get tighter, and then they accept their moment And because they're at home and the fans, you look when a game, when you had, when you have a lead and all of a sudden it starts to dissipate. Yeah. The fans can feel that too because everything is ooh ah, ah, No. And all of a sudden it seemed like the basket had a lid on it. Max Scre played unbelievable tonight. Five or 12 from the three. He ended up taking off from outside the lane and, and flushing it home. He was hyped.


I thought Todd Jerome played well, Meryl hit a couple big threes. Allen had 2212 with what, three blocks. But at the end of the day, as that game, You know, we, you up 20 and all of a sudden you look up and there's like 15 seconds. Right? And you only got a three point lead. You don't feel as good as you once did. Nah. You don't feel as good as you once did. You're like, damn, we about to let this ish slip away. Check, check, check this out Chad. When I, when I played in, in Dallas, so dur Jason kid, Jason, Terry Ching would have a lead on us and we would go on the road and, and we would live for these moments almost.


Right. You know, insert myself as a role player into these situations. Now we gonna do this. But the one thing you would say is, oh, they getting tight. I'm not gonna say the words we were saying, all right, but we were saying they getting tired and try to watch 'em get tight. Those arms, the T-Rex arms come out, refresh your mouse and you just looking for one crack. Heck I look man, I'm I'm gonna call it for what it is. The reason I'm so passionate about giving LeBron the respect I've given him is because we had been down three. Well right. LeBron was not LeBron at that point. He wasn't King James. He was calling him King J but he wasn't King James yet. And what he did coming into Boston with our team and our guys and we kept waiting for that moment for LeBron to shrink.


We kept, we had Wade figured out with all due respect to Dwayne Wade, right. We had great, Avery was doing an excellent job. We had him figured out and LeBron took over in that game and he wheeled his team to victory on the championships. And the rest is, rest is history from there. But Chad, have you've been in a situation where, You know, you're saying give us the ball back. It's it is game. Yeah. Give us the ball back. It's game. You know, Make A plate. You know, You Know, if, if, if anything, especially a situation like that where it, where it's a precious situation and it gets tight, UNC would be, would be better suited to say that because he's been in, he's been in bigger games. He's been in bigger games. You know, the flip Flipped over the, because we had, we had one of the best, we had one of the best pressure packed quarterbacks in the NFL history.


Absolutely. And that's what he was known for. So we knew if the defense could get a stop, it didn't matter. If we're down 14 with five minutes to go and they had the ball, we gotta stop. We gonna go down and score quickly. Defense get us one more stop. Get us off the field. We get that ball back. Oh we gonna get, we gonna get a touchdown to beaches. We going, we going, we're gonna find a way to beat you. 'cause I've been in that moment too many times. Yeah. And they know it. See, here's the thing is, is that when you have somebody and, and, and, and they know it. They, they know what You know, God, and, and they got, did you hear what Atlanta, Even when Atlanta had that 23 point lead, I think it was Sunu was on the sideline, he like, Hey man, that's Brady over there.


They know what's over there. You are 23 to eight and you still worried about the man. Yeah. Because You know, lemme Ask, lemme ask, lemme ask both y'all this, what's it gonna take for Tyrese Haliburton to get that respect? 'cause he just did it to be honest. He, he, he didn't come out these, but he got like, what's it gonna take for Halliburton? And, and this was league wide fan. They chanting overrated the game. He addressed it in the press and said overweight that, what's it gonna take for him in your mind Chad, to get that respect And is there anybody that you knew that was getting that overrated tag and what they do to get over it?


You know, that's crazy. I think it might be, it might actually be where he is playing. Mm. I Really think it might be where he's playing, You know, and, and, and outside of that, that that's it. And obviously he's, he's an Allstar and then the group of players that he's combined with when it comes to Allstar, his game isn't pretty, isn't pretty like everyone else's. It's, it's Ain't still Yeah, he, He ain't Luca, You know, he don't play above the realm like No. Yeah, No. So You know what I'm saying? So he, he's not gonna be one all the guys that I mentioned, James Hardwood, like you said, James can go give you 50. Yeah. Steph can give you 50. Luca, You know Luca, you seen Luca give you 60 20 triple double.


Yeah. Ja could play elevator above the rim. So you look at the guys that's in that played the position. I don't know how many guys you're taking. I mean you might take him over Ja, but are you taking him over Steph? No, you're not taking him over Luca. Oh, are you taking him over? She, No, I gotta hear that. Huh? You, you said you're taking him over J Hallberg and Ja you said you're taking Ur No, but that's what I'm saying. Im, I'm saying right of the guys that I mentioned. Right. You're not taking him over. She you're not taking him over Luca. You're not taking him over Steph. So I'm not, the only reason I would say you probably take him over John, is because of Jaw's injury history. Because I can't count on If you, if you, if you, if you take injury history out And you look at the team he got, he injured half the time.


Similar teams though. Right? Did you say that he got asked aka You know Memphis, Jj, he got Triple J. Triple J they pretty similar. Yeah. Yeah. So it it, I I know you can't take out injury history. Right. Did he taken away the flashy plate? Chad Ja has the flashy plays. No, this Yeah. Yeah. Chad, I'm not, doesn't Make no way. Are you taking Halliburton? You taking Halliburton with Job? Absolutely Not that. Not, listen, I, I listen, I, I like, I like, I like Halliburton. I think one of the reasons why he got that underrated label is assembly for one with a team he plays on and two, even though he's efficient and he gets the job done at a, at a high level and just something about this game, it's not pretty, You know, it's not as pretty, it's not as, as, as aesthetically as pleasing as everybody else's.


When you watch a Ja when you watch a a, a James Hard or Steph Curry or Luca, You know All the guys point guard at o Ocho. What you saying is all the guys that we mentioned can go get you 50. Yeah, I Can go get 50. You don't think Halliburton gets 50? Get you 50? Huh? You don't think Hallberg get you 50 40? No. Has he ever, what's the most points Halliburton scored in the game? Hey, think he, he get you 40. He you get you. He Think you 40. He gets you 40. He get you 50, get you 40. You heard me. She'll get you a quiet 40. And it's gonna be ugly too. It's gonna be gonna be ugly. But think about Shaa. Look out, look out Sha how many times is Shaa? Shaa had the most 20, 30, 40, 50 point games.


We've seen Luca, we've seen Luca drop 70 plus. So we know he could go get 50. We seen Steph do it. We seen Steph do it in the game seven. We seen Steph do it at 30, at 36, 37 years of age. Yeah. The most points he's had. How many times did he scored forward in the game? He got three 40 point games. Shay had what, 10 of those This year. Okay, here here's here's the thing too, Chad, and I don't know if You know a quarterback like this or a wide receiver. He plays the right way. So absolutely here's the Chad, here's the reality. When he has the ball, this is not a sexy play for a star point guard. Yeah. Pick the ball ahead of floor.


Pick the ball ahead of the floor. Jason Kidd was similar to that. Yeah, he's a different bill. But you just say he, you might not get the assist but it's the right play. Right? Yeah. All Bird is gonna make the right play. And he just showed you tonight he's clutched. So, and I feel like, oh and certain LeBron in this, be honest, LeBron don't get a lot of the praise from the people. Obviously he may not be a cup of tease, not what we grew up seeing as as the adult. But LeBron will make the correct play always. Tyler Burton is a guy who will always make the correct play. Obviously he sat the bench for team USA obviously during the regular season they look pedestrian, they, they couldn't bar the seat.


We sit in the Indiana patient look abysmal in moment. Okay. Yeah but they're in the Eastern conference. Right. But he's going to make the right play. Chad are we faulting him for making the right play. Is there anybody you are that you can think of even on the NFL side that make the correct play and they don't get the respect because they make the right Play. Like Ball hogs, You know, we like somebody ball hog the ball and the thing with Hall, he doesn't turn the ball over. How many times have we seen him have 15 assists and no turnovers? How many times have we've seen him have double digit assists in one or few or, or two or fewer turnovers? Right. So he, I mean as, as much as he handles the ball Yeah he's very efficient at not turning it over.


My point is I would like to see him be more aggressive sometimes. I Bro you had 11 shots And for the longest time you had six. And I'm like bro, come on now. Come here bro. You gotta do you, you've got to give them more. And then you see in that fourth quarter he gave them more, he gave them an opportunity. Guys may played Mare made some, a knee Smith made some big threes that put back dunk that Matt Burn had Matt Burn had on that Miss Free throw. But I, I, look, I ain't got no problem with Halliburton. I but I understand we like Flash. Yeah, we like Magic Johnson. Yeah. Ain't nobody can think about it. How many people they got right now? John Stockton, he got more since his record is never gonna be broken.


Ain't nobody probably got John Stockton the top five appoint guards because everybody, they like okay I got magic, I got Steph Curry, I got Isaiah Thomas, they got so many guys in front of him. Right. Because he wasn't flashy. All he did was pick and roll your ass to death. Yeah. Pick Hey Faye, he was fundamentally sound and another thing. Right. But I like ha I like Halley's game and You know, okay, you say well he saw the bench. Okay. I mean you go who, who is he gonna play in front of? You got a gold medal though. Yeah. Yeah. And Yeah, You know also on, you say about Har Burton really not being aggressive only having 11 shots. You gotta think everybody else in double figures too.


So he really gotta do much. 'cause everybody else collectively is also being efficient and scoring and contributing. Honestly, I don't even know how the hell they won that game. If you, if you told me the score was, I think at one point I, I I can't, I, You know what? I can't. It was one 19, it was one 19 to one 12. Alright. No, I mean what's the biggest, biggest deficit? They were down. Oh, they were down. I think they was down by like at least 20 something. Like 2020 At Least 27. I'm, listen, I'm gonna be honest with you, I thought the game was over. I I thought the game was over at that point that say there's no way they're coming, there's no way they're coming back. You know, even with the injuries, even with, You know, hunter and Garland being out now Chad, how about they just did that To Milwaukee.


Chad, they had a crazy game like that again when they ended Milwaukee. They have it laid it up. The end Is A crazy Chad. They, they, they got it did the saying now 20 points. You right though Chad, but they, they're Similar with Milwaukee. Yeah. You, you right, you're right. Listen, I listen, I understand the game of basketball is, it's a game of runs most of the time. Especially when you, when you make substitutes and, and things change. Once You know your, your second level, your second tier guys come to the game, but 20 points. You, you, I'm, I'm thinking you're supposed to find a way to keep that lead. It used to be like that O you already, you already gave up one game. They already stole one game from you. You gotta, it used to be and back you allowed the one Person, the one person that you don't want shooting the box, smack the ball, bounce on.


But You know what Ryan, and you could attest to this, it used to be like that when you got these big leads, for the most part the game was over. But with that three point shot and there's so many guys that can shoot it now, you are really never out of a ball game mojo. We see teams be down 25, 26 points in the first half and lose a team that's down 26, 20 points in the third quarter and lose a ball game. Yeah. Because that three point shot is an equalizer. Yeah. So if I hit a couple of those and you go, you have a couple of bad possessions, a 20 point lead, I make three threes and two layups. Guess what? You Back in the end. I, I, that's nine plus four that's 13. I've cut the lead in three minutes down to seven. Hey, listen, We just saw, we a saw team, we didn't get to it yet.


We just saw a team that lives by the three, died by it Two, by not being able to hit it. Yep. I'm gonna, I'm gonna give you guys the goal real quick for one, and I don't know how you feel about this, this generations, this decade. San Antonio Spurs is the Golden State Warriors. Yep. Steve Furr will adapt to who he plays with. He wins with who's on the floor. And y'all just talked about not choking away a lead. They got the lead on the road step. Corey's in the back icing up. Yeah. They held the ball that it watch Golden State because y'all say, how did they hold them to 16 points in a second? They hold the ball. Right. And they shoot with eight to five seconds on the quad.


Now I'm gonna give you some credit, Chad, for, so you gave earlier, I'm gonna give you some credit when you, I'm gonna give you some credit. You said he needs the score Hall. Burton needs to score. I Think you said it too. Yeah. He needs a score to get that type of credit. I'm gonna give you a guy who scored the ball and turned his, I don't wanna say turned his career around, but became a different player. Mike Malone challenged Nicola Yo to score. He was a right play type of guy. And when he was challenged to go give Rudy Gobert a 50 ball, a 40 ball or, or whatever it may be, that changed Nicola Yoki. But Yoki was similar to Halliburton in the sense that he was just gonna make the right play, make right play, make the right way.


Make the right place so he could be a guy. And I hear you, y'all right, is saying that for you to get that attention, for you, to speak of you with, with the Ja and the staff and the you, You know the, the Tatums and everybody, you're going to have to go give us that consistent 40 ball, that 50 ball when that game is on the line. So you're right because Yoic Yoic, I'm telling you man, when he got aggressive and that was always my thing with him, didn't feel like he could score enough. Because when we game plan for Yoic, you come out and say you can't get him both either you make him a passer, we blitz him, beat the ball out His hands, or you make him a score. Yeah. Or you make him a score. You Can't let him, you can't let him, you can't let him be 30, 20 and 15 because not so he got 30 points and he disced out 15 assists.


You know, about five or about five or seven of those gonna be three pointers right up the same. So now you're at his mercy.


Hey, so we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know, a degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degrees. Hold thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition and Degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discovers accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need 'em and make your life so much better. Well, now you can make those moments even sweeter because Share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody, pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Hi, this is Jovan your blinds.com design consultant. Oh wow. A Real person. Yep. I'm here to help with everything from selecting the perfect window treatments to wow. Mm. I've got a complicated project. No problem. We make the complex simple. I can even help schedule a professional measurement install. I didn't realize you did that. We can also send you samples fast and free. Wow. I mean, I always thought I needed a designer to come to my home, but scheduling's always a nightmare. Not with blinds.com. We're on your schedule and there's no haggling pressure or hidden fees either. Hmm. I just might have to do more. Whatever you need. How about you tell me what you had in mind. Okay then. So the first room we're looking at is for guests coming over and I'm thinking of something. Blinds.com is covered over 25 million windows all backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blinds.com now and get up to 50% off with minimum purchase rules and restrictions may apply.


Aren Gorn hit a game winning three against the Thunder. There's been a lot of discussion about this today. Ryan, do you think this the thunder strategy of filing up three with Yoic on the bench? That's what I didn't get. Nico Yoic game 1 42 points. He had 26 in the second half. 22 rebounds, six assists, two blocks. He became only the fourth player in NBA history to have No, he the fifth. Well, the fourth player. 'cause Wilt did it twice. 40, 20 and five. Wilt did it twice. Shaq did it. Giannis did it. Now Nicole Yoker just done it. Do you like the strategy? I get the, I get the premise, but why would you file in the back court?


Why would you file the back court? Right. It, it, it, it it it was silly because you allow yogis to get back in. It's another play that happened that I don't think we talked enough about Sha Yo Alexander cut to the basket. He's wide open. He dunks the ball. Yeah. You can get those two rubble. The rubble Takes the, the moret. Yeah. Some more Time off. They're not talking about that enough. With Shaa, Chet Holmgren Mrs. Two Free throws. Two free throws. Okay, here, here's the reality. And we just saw this with do state the teams that got pressed, the teams that played Game sevens, they, Chad, they came in sharp. When you get battle tested, you came in Sharp. Okay. See, they they had a cakewalk. They walked they Memphis.


Memphis just shut it down. Especially when John went down. Yeah. They weren't challenged. So you're going to expect Oklahoma City's gonna play better. Diagonal definitely made some mistakes and I, it's tough 'cause I don't want to talk about it. But Rockets didn't have the experience and you're looking at OKC and it was an experience loss. And you can ch I don't wanna say anything bad because Marcus has been unbelievable this se this season series about him this season. But you do have to challenge 'em and say, man, yeah, you, you could have played that different and they, and we're gonna see everything we need to know about them boys in game two. Yeah, you look at, I mean, the thing is, and they had two big guys and Yolk went to work on them.


Both of 'em had at least five fouls. And look, you can't stop him. You just hope you, you hope you can make him inefficient. Hold Second big guy off Isaiah Hartenstein and Chad, Bro, we not gonna call Chad. He we gonna call him a guard. Listen, I love Chad. Yeah. I'm a skinny boy in school. Okay? I'm a skinny boy. Chat guard, bro. He tall, but he a guard. He not big. He too small. He ain't trying to bang yo bang. He Too small to be down there in the block and to paint anyway. No, he need to go to, he need to go to some fast food restaurant and get him a couple of burgers and some fries and a shake. You look at Yoic, he's second in points. First degree rebounds first in says first in steals.


What's stop. He's look, I mean, what do you say? What, what? And and, and I said this before, I believe Shaa should win the MVP. But if you say you get one player in the NBA, I'm taking Nicole Yoic, I'm taking him over Giannis, I'm taking him over Luca, I'm taking him over Shaa, I'm taking him over anybody because there's nothing that he can't do. If you need a score, he can go give you, he, he averages 30. You need somebody to rebound. He was 30 rebounding. You need somebody to facilitate assist. He's second and third of assist. What can he do that all these other guys can do Nothing. And he's efficient. Yeah. Don't look at a shooting per, don't look at a shooting percentage. He can shoot the three. He got the mid range.


I don't know if I've ever seen a big guy with, I've not seen a guy forget big, a medium small with that kind of touch around the basket. Yeah. I mean the way with either hand. I mean, I mean, what, what do we, what are we watching? What are we saying here? Nice. Nice. I mean, he would try to down, try to, to, to discredit him. Well, he don't play no defense. I don't care. Because I guarantee you the guy that he playing, I guarantee he ain't putting up those numbers. So unless he putting up those numbers and cancel it out, don't you? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I don't, don't talk to me about no defense. Right, Man. Chad, I'm gonna, Chad I'm gonna give you both sides to this. I'm gonna give, I'm gonna give you both sides.


Let's play devil's advocate for a moment. Okay? If he gets another championship, which is very realistic, if he gets another championship as thick as the NBA is, right? We're going to, we're gonna, he's gonna be knocking on that dope conversation. Whoa, whoa, whoa. And we just wanna say, whoa, whoa, Chad, go wait, go to what position? At that center. At center. The greatest of all time already. You can argue, you can argue with his numbers and his impact on the game. He may be the greatest center that we've ever seen. Play the game. Be Chad. Because he doesn't like you don't like the way you talk about Oliver. You don't like the way he does. You're not used to a guy who can't jump over a phone book. You're not used to that guy. But if you look at his impact, you look at his numbers, you can argue he is the greatest senator that we've ever seen right now.


Now his story is yet to be told, and in this generation, the way he manipulates the game, forgive me, right? I I talked about the Luther and LeBron and the, he impacts the game like they do. He's the point. Chad, he's the point guard. Yeah. In every way the point guard the influence on his game. Now, I talk Pat, when they say he had to play with an all star 'cause he earned Gamar Murray right into an all star at the end of the day. And, and, and, and I want to challenge because if he gets a championship, he knocking on the door and if he gets another person who gets bold enough to say, I wanna go to Denver and play with him, right? It's a different conversation.


Now, here's the devil's advocate side of it. He is doing that in this era. If he did that in my era and before, right? We played with two bigs. We had four power forwards on the floor, on the roster. We have three to four centers on roster. You didn't have the same type of spacing. We would've been physical with him. He would've been back putting into help. They wouldn't have had the three point shooting or the pace, which helps him out. Guys can lean on him. I don't think he would have been that effective. We don't think it was a game of power and not necessarily finesse. Now he's the closest thing we have to our b to bonus. But I can argue and understand both ways. But from a numbers standpoint, right?


Or when we argue for Michael Jordan, right? You argue that Michael dominated his act. The closest thing is Joelle and Bead. He, he been Rudy Goldberg. Rudy Colbert was a three, four time defense. He drops 50 balls on Gobert, right? Not 40. Not he, he told Rudy, Rudy said, I got it. They, they put the pig and Rudy said, I got him. He said, brother, I got 47. What? You Got You? Hey, you talking about you got me and I, oh sure. That's about the DB I got. Hey, I want no help. I got it, bro. I got ten four bucks, 75 and two tons. What? Talking about you got me? You better get some help over here. Here's the thing, I I, and, and, and this is very, very likely it's not out of the realm of possibility, Ocho.


Yeah. He gets two more regular season MVPs. So now he get two more that makes it five. And Ryan says he gets another finals. MVP right? Ring regular season in the ring two finals with the numbers that he's putting up now. He just became the first senator to average of triple double. Let that sink in now. Yeah, but hold on, you're gonna have to eight. Hold on, hold on. Y'all slow down a little bit. Now let's, let's think ab let's think about this a little bit now, Ryan, and, and unc, what you, what you saying? Talk to me Chad. Let's say he does get another ring. Let's say he does win another two MVPs. Are we sure We're talking about him being the best big man in center of all time.


Even with The, Even with the sinners that we've had, even the greatest now the Kareem, the will, the Shaqs, the, It's so hard to compare eras. This, You know, so called, it's so hard to compare eras, but you have to say, okay, Kareem dominated the seventies. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Moses Malone dominated the eighties, right? I don't know if we, who, who was the big, I mean, Shaq for Eli or Robinson, the nineties, right? But Wilt will, wilt dominated, wilt dominated the sixties here, here in Russells. And so it's hard, but it's hard for us to put the goat say a, a center, right? Is the goal for the civil fact is he needs a guard to get him the ball.


So that's why we kind of, we don't give Kareem the cred. Kareem is the only guy that don't get credit for what he's done. He got 600 Hundred percent, He got 600% regular Season MVPs. He had the most unstoppable shot, right? You can talk about Kobe's fade away. You could have dirt one leg, step back. He and kd, you could talk about Kobe, Kobe minty. But the most unstoppable shot in basketball history was one. Kareem Abdul-Jabbar the sky hook. Now he won six MVPs. Now think about what was amazing back then. The players voted on the MVP. The players determined who was the MVP.


Yeah. You didn't know that did you? Right? The players voted for the MVP Because you really got it when you had a respect of your peers. You really got it that, yeah, you was that boy ain't no accident. And He wanted, think about it, magic magic's rookie year. Kareem was MVP. So how is that possible? The MVP and you won, you win the finals, you win the championship magic's rookie year magic is finals. MVP Kareem was regular. See the MVP. But here's the thing. Had Kareem not got hurt, Kareem would've been the finals. MVP Kareem was averaging 33 and 12. Go look it up. Woo. He was giving work to Caldwell Jones and Darryl Dawkins, and they had no answer for Kareem, but Kareem ended up go look it up.


See, I'm old enough to remember that on show. See people, people try to try to try to run, run game on you try to put the wool over you, but you can't fool because I'm old enough to remember it. I had to watch the game the next day because back then the game was taped. Delayed. O Joe, you couldn't watch it live. Right? So the game come on One day you preaching. Now you Preaching. Yeah, Yeah. Before you already know who won the game, but I'm gonna watch it anyway. Maybe something happened that didn't, they didn't tell me about. And, and forgive everyone as we had this conversation, shout out to the 'cause we know them. That's us. We're doing this for this simple fact that sports debate. Okay, so let's fancy me. And Kareem was athletic enough to Darden, but he had done put Kareem and pick and roll.


Yes. And he sure as he sure as hell kind guard Kareem. There's no question. But he'd have moved, he'd have got a sis, he'd, You know, and and Kareem was, Kareem was an athlete. You know, when we look at Gianni Yeah. If you said Kareem bring the ball up the floor and go to let Netflix, he could've done that. Right? He was that still, if we're looking at Bill Russell, I think the arrows are so far away. I don't even want to disrespect The Game. Yeah. And try to compare. But in terms of Shaq, lets, we can give this a little Yeah. Shaq, Dom. Yeah. And Shaq gave this. But here's the thing. Shaq would've been physical, right? But Shaq wouldn't have guarded him. Robert Horry would've guarded Yoic and Yoki would've wore, we, I love big shout, bro.


Hold on. A style legend. Rob would've had to hold his ground, but Rob would've had to chase him and he'd have got his numbers and Shaq made, maybe would've had to slide over late. Right? And here's the reality. Ar Vita Saboni with the Portland trouble, he, listen, he wore, he was joking Before do He wore the Lakers out. You remember that said he wore the Lakers out. Yeah. So if, if that's the indicator of him playing, and no disrespect to the big fella, no, none at all. I love Shaq. Shaq was on my wall. You know what I'm saying? No question. There. He would've wore that team out. Now he couldn't barge Shaq. But you look at the numbers, you look at the impact, and he looked at the, what he did.


Now Shaq is the most dominant. We don't take that away. But as far as the impact, it, what, what he would've had, he's are younger r Venus. Now Avius was more athletic. He was a couple inches taller. But my God, Ar vi was seven three. People don't realize how tall he was. He was seven three. But by the time he got to the Lakers, he had spent much of his time with the unified team. And so by the time he got to the Lakers, his knees were bad. He wasn't that, could he pass the ball? Yeah. Prior to Yoic, he was the best passing big man that we had ever seen. Hundred percent. But by the time he got here, he had spent damn near doubt on over a decade just playing with the unified team. So his need, his body had started to break, break down on him Ocho. But he was a, he was a tremendous passer.


Yeah. Now he couldn't score the ball like yolk. He could not score the ball like yolk, but he could pass the ball like yolk. He'd have the ball out here and the next day, You know, the guy coming and he would dump it down to him. He was a phenomenal player. But the thing that separate rates yolk is that from any other big, The Center is that he could do it from three levels. Most of the guys, Elijah one had the midrange. He had played back to the basket. He could play around the rim. Shaq was around the rim. Okay. Kareem could throw the sky hook, but we've never seen a guy that could shoot the three. He had the midrange and he could put the ball on the floor and finish at the rim. Yeah. Now, not above the rim, at the rim, we haven't seen a guy, we've never seen a big guy that could do that.


And I don't know if we'll ever see one that can do that, that is skilled as he is right now. Chad, I, I want to give you this. And when you see Yoki, You know, you see him in person. He, he's about six, six to 11 seven feet. But he's wall Whoa, whoa, whoa. His shoulder, he's Seven. What About 6 11, 7? He's huge. Yeah. He's, and, and, and his shoulders are wide. So when he spins off you, when he makes a move, yeah. He, he shoulder, he's huge. Yeah, he's huge bro. And his arms are lost. So he can't jump high. But when he flipping the ball above his Head, Right? When he's making a move, it's, it's, it's, he, he's effective. And if you watch him, he's a lot stronger.


He plays a finesse game, but he's so much stronger than he gets credit for. Right. That's his strong boy right there. So when he is hitting the guards, he's now overpowering him. He's unbelievable coordination. And he is just backing you under the rims and he's looking out and he's watching you. You know, the wildest thing he'll do, he'll watch the help. You get a great player who can pass, he'll sit there and he'll watch the help. And as soon as you call, he's throwing that back on Lob to Eric, Eric Gordon, Aren Gordon. He's making those type of plays. So I, I think even from a physical standpoint, he's just uniquely built with his, with his coordination and size. And then you think how long, how much he plays and no, he's not a great defender. He's a wall of defender. He's played more at the level in pick and roll this year under Mike Malone that I've seen him play.


Right. And he will do it as first, but it's not something you wanna rely upon. Wait, I didn't, hold on. I didn't know he was that goddamn tall. Because if you look at his footwork, when you look at his footwork, when he is in the poke, hell, when even when he is out in goddamn space and he put the ball on the floor, I'm like, what the hell he, I'm thinking he about 6, 5, 6, 7. No, no, he's tall. He's 11. He's, he at least six 11. But you see his package though, to be that big. You see his footwork to be that there moving Like that. Yeah. What soccer? He loves soccer. You look at guys, you look at Luca Love Soccer. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. Look at Elijah, it makes sense. Elijah grew up playing soccer. That's why he had the footwork that he had.


That's why he doing all this, the up and under drop step. Right. He's phenomenal. Hold on. Shaq. Shaq, go ahead. I Got one. Saw you Ryan and Huh? Now I know. Joke, joke Joker. Is that that Boy, I have a question. Yeah. Now y'all chat. Don't, don't jump on me. I'm asking a question. If, if, if, if Boogie, if, if Boogie Cousins hadn't have got hurt, how close would Boogie Cousins have been to like Joker? It's funny you say that. See, I played with Boogie. I played with Boogie Boo like that. And they have, they have a very similar skill set because they have the wide, the wide, the wide shoulders. Yes. Now Boogie wasn't the passer like him Right. But as far as Boogie would fill Yeah.


A double team. Yeah. Spinoff bat line. Bingo had Euro old said Boogie played play the three he had, he could run if he wanted to. Bro. See, okay, everything. Absolutely. Hundred percent. Chad realize Passing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Boo Boogie was good, right? He, He was Boogie Boo. I think Boogie is more athletic. Boogie could run. Yes. I mean Boogie. It was not uncommon for Boogie to have 50 20 games had he not gotten injured, had he not Achilles and his ACL and all those injuries. He was special. Boogie was on his way to, I, I'll give you this. I think the tough thing with DeMarcus and I played with Boogie. That's one of my favorite teammates ever. You know it, Chad bookie's a guy that you see some of the things he does on the court Yeah.


With his energy that he would bring. Yeah. Some of the stuff he said, honestly, he'd tell himself he'd like the reel. Some, some of that stuff. Yeah. Yeah. But like off the court, the softest spoken est dude ever. You Know what I'm saying? Yeah. He cool, cool. He cool. Did he Did he has some moments of practice. Well, we heated or, or getting into whatever. Absolutely. But he's a good dude at heart. Love that dude. And I will say, You know, the, the thing with DeMarcus, the difference between him and the European game, what they teach here, You know, when Bookie played his best, he had to be angry, right? He had to be mad. Yeah. And, and, and his emotion got him to that place. And Yoic early in his career was quiet, calm. Right? He wasn't that, I'm not gonna ever say he wasn't that good, but he wasn't, he didn't have rah rah like Mike Malone put that dog in him and for Boogie before he was able to slow the game down mentally for himself.


He end up injured as fun said. And what's funny that when you see guys get to the, into the thirties, get to the age, You know, hall Burton has an old soul. He got an old game. His daddy very well about playing the game or whoever approached him, coached him very well. But I remember when I played with KG Chad, I don't know if you remember Kg, would take Chad out. Kg Kg would hit his hand off the back of the game. And I, and, and I thought he was crazy. Everybody thought he was crazy. And then we said, and I remember going up to ticket and I said ticket. I remember asking him, and, and he even took years of my career. I said, how you pumped up every game? How you so pumped up every game? 'cause You know, as a young guy, we play on emotion, right?


Boogie played on emotion definitely at a much higher level than I did. And KG said Young what you mean? I said, I see you do this, you in a full sweat, the yelling and all that. He said, I'm as calm as can be. He said, watch me before the game. I'm taking breaths, I'm breathing, I'm calm. He said, look at me during the timeouts. He said, are you watching me youngin? I said, no, you, you talked out. Right? He said, I'm sitting there breathing, I'm thinking about the game plan. I'm thinking about the things that we need to go through right. To get to. So if Boogie had have got to that point, if he had have got that veteran maturity, we will be bringing his name into these conversations. Right. He just didn't get to that point. But when you're young us American Board players, we, we, we, we, we, we play from a place of pain and hurt and passion.


Yeah. And then you get older and you learn how to refine it. Some of the guys never get to that point in their careers where they can refine it and play off their mental, their mental stability. But a guy like Yoki, he was turned up. He has it. He knows the game, man. So it's, it is fun to watch. Aren. Gorn has been phenomenal. These playoffs, he's averaging 19 points a game. Seven rebounds a game shooting 51% from the floor. And he has two game winners. He had 22 points last night. And Yolk obviously had that monster game. 15 or 29. He was at 42 po. He had 42 points, 22 rebounds, six assists. Still two blocks. He did have the five, he did have the seven turnovers, but Murray got it going late in the ball game, had 21.


Kristen Brown had a level. Russ the Russ experience. You know what you're gonna get. You gonna get all our effort, you gonna get some turnovers, but you're gonna get some steals. You gonna get a block, you gonna get some great finishes, you gonna get some air balls, you gonna get some big made threes. They needed all of that to offset what they didn't get from Michael Porter Jr. He gave him two points on one of a shooting. And I, I understand the shoulder, but bro, you got, you can't give 'em two, can't give 'em two because they, the thunder had 20, they had six guys in double figures. Shay was 33. Caruso had 20 off the bench. You had Lou Dortch four of nine from three, he had 14. Isaiah Hartenstein had 12.


Jalen Williams had 16. He was five or 20. He hadn't shot the ball particularly well. Chad Holmgren had 12, but it was those two Miss free throws. You and you could tell, You know it all, it normally happens like that. Ryan, You know a guy. He, he, he, You know, I smoke a layup on one end and they go back down on the other end and get a three. You're like, damn, that's a five point swing. Yeah. Oh, I love check. So I don't wanna do this. But the key, I don't wanna do this, but I'm gonna do it. The key to beating Oklahoma City is attacking Che. He, he, the weak link he saw, he got no, I'm not gonna say he's the weak link, but he hasn't put on the strength.


He doesn't have the experience in the playoffs yet. Ah, he does down play. There's a playbook for those. Miss Fritos and, and Gordon and Gordon running the wing. They hit him ahead. He goes face to face with Chet and he ducked boom, boom, the monkey and, and oh oh show, You know when you get leveled? Yeah. It's a older, now you pr now Chad, you crazy. So you, you got knocked out by Ray Lawrence, you got about how you hit me, you gonna keep playing. Right? You, you gonna keep playing. Yeah. But when you get dunk and, and, and that ch check was messed up since. So for him, you, you, you can be skinny.


I was skinny, but I wasn't, I don't wanna call him soft. I think that's disrespectful to a professional athlete. You gotta know how to hold your ground, right? Yeah. You got, and, and that if, if Gordon's going up for a dunk, you take that joker out the air. You take that joke. He don't, he, he might, he might get a and warrant, but he ain't documented. Okay. Right. So he is gonna have to make those plays. But when you beat Oklahoma City and why did Houston Rockets had success against them. They were physical and they attacked. Check. If he was guard, big Steve o underneath Steve o hit the boards, walked him underneath, got a rebound. If he got a shingle, shingle was right through his chest, he didn't even make boots on. Right. He was right through his chest. So what you're seeing with Oklahoma City and Denver, whether it's Gordon, whether it's Yos, they're making it so you can't hide.


Chet, Chet is an unbelievable weakside shot block. You don't put your hands on him. Right. He can play his space in football. It's like a, a a a team. Remember the, the Colts, the Colts had a small secondary, they had small linemen up front. If they got, if, if you were down and they were rushing you, you couldn't stop 'em, mare them boys. You couldn't stop 'em able to check. But if you could run the ball and manage the game and, and, and, and attack mattress and free any of those guys, right? You had a shot because they were small. Oklahoma City is small. So that's something similar that you're seeing right there. So a, a a, as I look for it, Denver found something that crisp off of playing at game seven.


And they had the experience, and I, and I said this before, I said, whoever wins that Clippers nugget series might be coming out the west. Mm. Wow. The Volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled in one of the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


The rural way of life is about making everyone feel at home. Tractor Supply shows advanced 5G Solutions from T-Mobile for business to transform intelligent customer service. Together we put the power of AI to work across 2200 stores, keeping things running seamlessly inside curbside and countryside. This is Elevated customer experience. This is Tractor Supply with T-Mobile for Business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash now.


Hey, Janice Torres here. And I'm Austin Hankins. We're the hosts of Mind The Business Small Business Success Stories produced by Ruby Studio and Intuit QuickBooks. Catch up on seasons one and two and join us for a brand new season of the podcast as we talk to small business owners about how they manage and grow their businesses. With the help of platforms like Intuit, QuickBooks, Listen to Mind The Business, Small Business Success Stories on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


How to have fun anytime, anywhere. Step one, go to chumba casino.com. Chumba casino.com. Got it. Step two, collect your welcome bonus. Come to Papa welcome bonus. Step three, play hundreds of casino style games for free. That's a lot of games, all for free. Step four, unleash Your Excitement. Woohoo. Cheba Casino has been delivering thrills for over a decade. So claim your free welcome bonus now and live the chaba life. Visit chaba casino.com. No Purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.