
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the Wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City Branch terms and more@applecard.com.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker On. the latest season of my podcast, Against the Rules. I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules Listen to Against. the Rules on the iHeartRadio app apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports Book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code Money Moves. That's code Money Moves for new customers to get 150 in. Bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The buck they laid the giant ojo. Hey, what, what what you expected? What you, Hey, hey. You saw bigger, bigger, bigger celebration. Yeah, that was, Hey, that was, that was really good. Clearly Daddy DeVito was not the answer. We had 3 0 5 for 31 yards with three sacks in the first half. He finished 21 to 31 weigh 89. Malik Neighbor said after the game, I started getting the ball when it was 30 to nothing. What you want me to do? Malik neighbor followed up the question asked why he didn't have a catcher until the second half. Talked to dabs about that. It ain't the quarterback. Same outcome when we had DJ at quarterback. Oh, oh.


Baker Mayfield, Tampa Bay, one 30 to seven Baker 30th, 24, 30, 24, 32 94. Didn't have a touchdown, but Irving ran 12. Carries 87 Touchdown Royce. I think Royce White. I think this is the first night. R White 12 carries 37 yards touchdowns. Baker Mayfield. Four carries 29 yards touchdown Tucker four carries three yards. Touchdown. 32 rushes. 1 56, 4 touchdowns. You could live with that. I think Mike Evans streak of a thousand yards Seasons ocho. I think it's gonna come to an end. You know, he missed what, five games because of that hamstring injury. I just don't think there's enough games. He's and he's way, way, I mean he needs like 800 yards.


I think he needs like 700 yards now. Could he get it? Sure. But boy, he got his work cut out for me. Yeah. Danny Devi, Tommy DeVito, 21 to 31 1 180 9. He was sacked four times. They had 20 Ks, 76 yards. Malik neighbors had 6 64, but like he said, hell y'all down 30. What y'all want me to do? Yeah. It ain't no 30 yard touchdowns out there, so I don't know what y'all want me to do. He frustrated. He frustrated. Listen, he, I, he frustrated with his numbers. He's frustrated with a quarterback situation and you, you can't, you can't go asking him, especially when a, a young rookie like that is not getting the ball. And he's used to getting fed the ball, you know, coming, coming outta LSU and things aren't the same.


You just, you, you went to a bad team. You, you went, you went to a bad team. You gonna have to suck it up and do what you can. When the ball comes your way, make the most of the opportunities you look at, you look at other players, Justin Jefferson, LSU, Jamar, chase, LSU. And then you look at your situation and you like, well God damn, I don't care what type of look, there's only been a handful of guys that Right. Could overcome black quarterback play. The only guy that really pops outta my mind right now. It's Who D Hopp when he was in Houston. Oh yeah. When he was in Houston. He was a quarterback carousel in Houston. Yeah. It didn't matter who was rock osweiler, it didn't matter He was cut.


Right. It didn't matter. But also this, you have to understand, during that time, he was the focal point of the offense. Yeah. And they got him the ball and put him in positions to make plays. Now they not doing that with Brother Naples. Yeah, He look, I mean, you look like, hey, but still that's the, he's your best, he's your best player on offense. Right. So I don't give a damn what you do. If you gotta just call plays. Look here, we gonna throw you 20 balls a game. We gonna give you 15 targets a game. Do what it will, what you want. Right. I'ma I'm gonna throw, I'm gonna throw in five jailbreak screens. I'm gonna throw him two outs. I'm gonna throw him a, a a a a three digs. I'm gonna throw him two daggers. Right, Right. I'm gonna throw him a slant and I'm gonna, Hey, I'm gonna put his ass in the back field.


If it come in motion, I'm gonna shovel it to it. Right. There you go. Your 15 targets. Oh, it's many. It's many. It's many of ways. Yeah. I get play the ball. I, I mean at this point in time, I'm going to, he's my best offensive player. Right. I gotta try to find a way to get into the ball. I mean, look, we know there's a lot more pressing issues than Daniel Jones, but I'm not so sure if you put Daniel Jones behind the Great Wall of China, he's gonna be the guy to get you to the Super Bowl. Because at the end of the day, that's what you're asking these quarterback ocho, when I pay you that kind of, first of all, I drafted you high. Excuse me. When I pay you that kind of money now, I ain't paying you $40 million to just to win the division.


You got to be, get me to the next level. You gotta get me to and possibly win a Super Bowl. Now knowing, I realizing that everybody can't win the Super Bowl, but you gotta, for that kind of money, Ocho you gotta at least get me there. Or I gotta feel I can get there with you. Right. And I think the thing, look, and once you lose confidence in somebody, it's kind of ocho, once you lose confidence, you lose trust in somebody, it's time to move on. Damn It, it's time to move on. It, it really is. I look, I, I I wish I feel, I feel bad for it because you know, I know what it's like. You, you know, you wanna make a name for yourself. How can I make a name for myself with, with this And then o obviously not only make a name for yourself, you wanna live up to the goddamn hype. Yeah. You wanna live up to the bad spot in which you were, what you were chosen too.


I think everybody knows he legit O Joe. He just don't have anybody to get the Football. He the real deal. Daniel. Jones is in high demand with multiple teams. Address it. Ravens, Vikings, lions, Niners, dolphins are expected to pursue Daniel, Jones Dolphins. Yeah. You said Dolphins. You did you read that right. Ravens, Vikings, lions, Niners, dolphins. All the teams. Of all the teams. Which teams do you like him best for?


I'll tell you who I like him best for. Raiders, dolphins. Wait, say it again. Ravens, Vikings Lions. Niners Dolphins, Maybe the Raiders. Everybody else don't really make no goddamn sense. Ravens, Vikings, lions, Niners, dolphins. Where the hell you get Raiders from? Oh, you said Ray Ravens, Ravens country Man. Raven Ravens. Okay. Well, yeah. Hey, don't, none of them make no sense to me. 'cause jj, JJ coming back with the Vikings shit. Lamar's over there and got damn in Baltimore to us over there ain't, ain't did it.


None of it makes sense to me. I like the Ravens For what? Because he the offense. If something happens to Lamar, you don't have to change your offense. You can run him. He can run, he got athletic ability. Everybody else, you gotta change, scrap your whole offense. Okay. Everybody, everybody else got a drop back screen. Okay. Hey, hey, I have him like that. I had a joker like, oh, what you call him like up in Buffalo, Josh? I been running quarterback by hell. Yeah. It, it makes sense 'cause he can do it. We've seen him do it before. Yep. So I, I I see, I see, I see where you're going with it. It just still don't make sense to me. N none, none of those teams. it doesn make sense?


We don starter Ojo. But let's what you call getting Nick, You think he's done as a starter danger? No, no. Not this year. I mean, somebody probably, no, I Mean I'm not talking about this year. I'm just saying in general. No, he get an opportunity to start, start again. No, he get an opportunity to start. Okay. Hmm. You get an opportunity to start. I don't know where, but look, stranger things have happened. Ocho. Yep. That it has Hell. Gardner, Mitch, you starting? Well, he was, he broke his collarbone today. Ocho Yeah. I I saw that. I saw that Bronco country. Y'all know what we do.


Who? Bronco Country. Y'all. All right. Hey, they goddamn Bo Nicks playing some goddamn ball. Ah, Hold on. Don't talk about my quarterback. I don't even wanna, don't even say, I don't wanna even say Bo or you can say both and you can't even say Bo Jackson. No, no, don't do that. I'm, I'm just gonna be honest with you. He playing, He Playing, he playing some good ball. He playing him good Ball. Yeah. He, he, he's unbelievable. The Chiefs escaped Carolina with the last second win tied end Noah Gray, two touchdowns, which is the most yards of separation. The chiefs receiving a touchdown in the past two seasons.


He was wide open, needless to say, after weeks of carried the offense, Steve Spac nos crew hit the November law for consecutive week. KC Defense allow 325 plus yards. We knew it was gonna happen. Ocho, I'm, I've been, I've been a part of a historic defense. Yeah. But there are games that if we didn't play our absolute best offensively, we would've lost. Right. That's what Kansas City had to do today. They turnovers it probably would've cost, it probably would've lost the game. Mahome was 27 to 37. 2 69, 3 touchdowns got sacked five times though.


Noah Gray four catches 66 yards, two touchdowns. Travis Ke like, man, y'all over here doubling the triple B and he eating every week he get a to. Yep. He had two last. He got what? He had two today. He had one last, I think he had like two last week. He got about five or six touchdowns. Yeah. Hey, that, that's, that's the Kelsey effect. Yeah, for Sure. We not, we not letting you beat me. I'm not, I'm not. But the offensive line man. Man, it seems like, I don't know, maybe, maybe it's my television, but it seems like every time Mahomes drop back, he running for his life. He is, He is. That left tackle, I mean, no disrespect, but the tackle play is very bad, huh?


Ooh. The tackle play is, is very bad. I tell you what if the 49 ERs, if the 49 ERs let Dub go, Trent Treat T dub. Yeah. Kansas City Better back to bring stroke up to get it. Oh man. You know, they gonna back it up. E even at his age, he's still one of the best Hell he wanted. He premier. He might, he might be the, he might be the best that Tackle he premier. He's still that boy. Yeah, he's still him. I mean, because they tried, they tried to, they tried to get him in Fred in Kansas City. You know, he's familiar, you know, he's familiar with Kyle. He played for Mike. So he's familiar with that situation. Right. I think I, I, I think Ocho with an opportunity.


He wants an opportunity. He wants to win. He wants to win that Super Bowl. Yeah. And Kansas City, as long as you got that quarterback and you got that head coach, I think they're a better position than the 49 ERs. That's just me personally. I could be wrong, but can you imagine him and left tackle protecting that blind side Man, shit. OCHO has Bryce Young turned the corner Young hasn't set the world on fire by any means, but his QBR QBR has improved each of the past three games Today. He went toe to toe with Patrick Mahomes and that defense, he led a pair of second half touchdown drive. The second one tied the game and forced him home to have to drive for the winning field goal, which of course he did. Young. Finished 21 or 35, 2 63 touchdown pass, no interception against one of the league's.


Best defense. He looked especially good against the blitz completing 11 or 13 passes, averaging 10.4 yards per attempt. He looked good. Yeah. Young Bull got his confidence. Young Bull got his confidence. I'm glad obviously after the, after the benching and what happened early in the season, it didn't affect him. It didn't affect him. But at, at one point I think he was shot it, it was shot. Yep. It was shot. And now to see the Carolina Planters play the way they're playing right now and fighting the way they're fighting right now, not getting blown out. Especially by one of the better teams in the league Super Bowl champion from last year. Even though they're not playing as good as they should be. The Carolina Panther look good.


Did they? So there's some promise there, especially at the quarterback position. I happen to agree with the ocho Look, the guy played in a big time program. Every game for Alabama was a big game. He's been in big pressurized moments. Yeah. The man just didn't forget how to play football. You gotta protect him. They did a better job of protecting him. And you gotta give him some weapons because that asking too much. No, not at all. Kansas City was eight or 13 on third down, which had to be one of their best third down out outings because Este Ball still penalties. Got 'em.


Red Zone still 2 0 5 in the red zone, Ocho Ah, gotta get your beat. Yeah. Gotta get your beat. You playing a better team. It sure will. Yep. But I, I, I was, I was happy to see Bryce, Bryce Young, he threw the ball with conviction. They, they, they pressured him. SPACs heated him up, but he stood there and, and faced adversity, stared it down and he, he made some big time plays. You know, look, there are no more victories. But I think that gives him confidence. Like bro, I went head to head with my homeboy and that defense over there. I know I belong because that's what it takes. I think, you know, as a young player, me, I caught my first touchdown. I caught it on Kevin Ross. He went to the Pro Bowl the year before. I think he was the three or four time Pro Bowl player. He is an all pro at one point, I think.


But he was one of the better cornerbacks in the league. Once I beat him. Four touchdown. It was over you. You couldn't hit me in the ass with a red apple ocho. Oh. I get, oh, I can beat you for a touchdown. Yeah. Can be any back. Everybody out here ain't going to the Pro Bowl. Right. So y'all about to catch hell, that's, I can promise you that. And then that's when I know I started to get good ocho. 'cause as I started to get better, even before I started making a name for myself, they started putting Albert Lewis on me. Yeah. Albert Lewis. If I could say one person made me the player I became, it was him. He made you work. He made you work for it, huh? It was him long fluid 6 2 180.


He never gave me the same thing. He would feather he would play off. Right. He would quick jam me what we call freeze. I mean, he would clue. I I, I mean from time to time and I'm just stu I'm just studying him. I, you know, sometimes be physical, sometimes he is not. Right. But I just knew if I could consistently beat him, nobody else had a chance. Yeah. Yeah. And once and once I got like I could, it was a rap for everybody else. They had no chance. Ocho the Nation Broncos beat the Raiders. 29 19 Grand Mitchell is out for the season with a broken collarbone. Bo Nicks over the last nine games.


19 Tub two Ints. Now what we thought was a foregone conclusion, right. Is a lot closer. If not Bo Nicks in the league for the offensive rookie of the year. Can I get a witness now? You can get a witness. Hold on Joe.


Now it's time for Money Moves presented by Draft Kings. We got, hold on, hold on Joe. Ah, despite having the same record and throwing four more touchdowns. Draft King currently has Nicks second for offensive Rookie of the Year. Jayden Daniels minus 1 35. Jayden Daniels Bo Nicks plus one 10 Bo Nicks. Nicks, they played the same amount of games. Bo Nicks has 2,548 yards, 16 touchdowns, six interception. Jay Daniels 2,613 yards, 12 touchdowns, five interception, Pocho. They both have 12, there's seven, five. They both got, do they both play 12 games? Okay. So guess what? They got five games left. Yeah. Who's your rookie of the year? You know what I have, I have to see the goddamn schedule though. Just, just to be honest with you. Just to give you, it ain't Looking good for the, it ain't looking good for the Commanders. They got Dallas again. Okay. They got the Eagles again. Oh Shit. I think they got the Giants again. Okay. That's two wins. Cowboys and Eagles. Falcons, saints, Titans, All them. Hey, you know what, outside of the Eagles, every other game is winnable. Now what the Broncos looking like? We got the Browns. Oh Shit. Colts. Oh Shit. Chargers, Bengals and the Chiefs. Oh, we got, I I tell you. I see, I know. Two wins on there for show. Na name it. I Know two wins on there for show. Hold on. What's, what's the two wins? You, what's the two wins you think Y'all I I don't want jinx it. I don't even wanna jinx it. Oh, okay. Okay. I'm just making sure. Nah, but, but all in all seriousness though, Bo Nick's playing Bo Nick playing really well. He playing really well. Now he was a little shaky, you know, when the season started. Yes. But he, he's really coming to his own, especially after him. And when he bucked up, it got damn Sean, Peyton John. Yeah. Fucked up Rasha. Sean Payton. Well, a young bull been playing some hell of a hell of a football since then. He is. And hey, they got a chance to game. They got a chance right now to get a, a get to get a wild card. Yeah. Oh yeah. They absolutely got a chance to get a wild card. It's gonna be close. Look, Jane Daniels had that, that that hail Mary, I can just imagine had they won this game, because now you have two spectacular plays. And that's what people remember. They remember the Hail Mary and then he had the 80 plus yarder to Terry McClure. But I like Bo Nicks. I, I, I think you know what, it's a coin flip. I really see it as a coin flip O Joe. I do. Between the two of them. Yep. Yeah. It's a coin flip. And I don't think four weeks ago we thought it would be a coin flip. No, we thought it was a foregone conclusion That Jayden Daniel was the rookie of the year. Yeah. What did it play the cols at? But we got the coach at home. That's a dub Browns at home where we got the Bengals sense. Damn. That's all. It don't matter. It don't matter what We don that us. When's the last time you won a game? If you hadn't won a game in two, three weeks? I don't wanna hear you say foot ball. I wanna hear you say Boat or Knicks. There's two that you can't say none of that. You had to at least win a game in the last two weeks. If you ain't do that, don't say boat or Nicks and don't say foot or ball. Well, you, you gonna be mad now. I'm I'm telling you. I'm telling you. You're gonna be mad. You gonna be, you're gonna be real mad.


Okay.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite. Moneyball the Blindside and Liars Poker On. Every season of my podcast, Against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling Listen to Against. the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Steve Smith Senior tells the story about playing with OCHO at Samo Cuco At the time, we didn't like each other because he was from the South. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Benny. Hey. There was, there was some good days, man. There was some good days. I mean, every, everything was different, obviously. Me obviously being from Miami and the way they did things in LA and, and, and Steve and I really never seen eye to eye. No, we, we, I think we, I think, I think we got, we, I think we fought before too. We, we had, we had, we had a little fight, little disagreements, but when it was time to get on that field and play, yeah. Boy we was hell boy. It Was pretty crazy, man. Like you say, we, we was, we was hell when we was Well, yeah, yeah.


We, we was good. And he the same Steve Smith, the same Steve Smith you saw in the NFL, he was exactly the same back then at, at, at Santa, was it? Oh yeah, same. Oh, he ain't play. He played, he played angry, huh? Yeah, he played mean like, and to me, I look at him, I'm like, well, God damn, who did something to you? Yeah. He, hey, he no nonsense now. He's still that way now he, you tell you he don't went to therapy. You know, he done talk. He, he done, he done calm down a lot, but hey. Right. He don't play. Nah. At all. And then I would say the same way I was in NFL was the same way I was when I was there. Still fun. Yeah. Still making jokes still, you know. Ha having a good time, you know, huge personality, you know, nothing, nothing changed.


So we were two completely side two, two completely different sides of the spectrum. Yeah. Came time to play some ball. Yeah. We gonna give, we gonna give you some good football just in two different ways. Bad spin, man. That dude is bad. That's my dude. But I tell you what, ask, ask guys that he played against, did he play? Yeah. Oh no, he don't play All that joke. And that Kiki kid, Uhuh, Uhuh, none of that. Aaron Rogers played it close to the vest when it comes to his health this season, according to Ian Rappaport, Rappaport part of today that Rogers had resist getting scans done, not wanting to reveal the severity of his injuries out of fear of having to come off the field.


Rogers has dealt with an ankle, knee hamstring issues this season while leading the gen to a three and eight wrecker Rappaport described the hamstring injury at a particular significant one. Hold on. How can you, how it's the Jets fault? Because they've allowed this kind of latitude. Oh, so you can't deny, you can't deny. No. You, you gotta get a, if they say you gotta get an X-Ray, MRI, you gotta get an X-Ray, MRI. But this is, this is, this is, this is, this is Aaron Rogers. He makes that call though. This is Aaron Rogers. He makes that call. They gave him the keys. They gave him the keys to the goddamn. Is it not Meadowlands? What? What's, What's MetLife? MetLife, yeah, I know it Start with M Yeah, you gave him the keys when you gave him the keys.


This is the type of act. This is the type of shit you get. This is what you get. I'm not finna let you know what's something wrong with me? Why so you so you can bench me so you can try to take my money. I'm not sure the language that's in the contract. Oh. You know he ain't finna pay about that money. Oh no. It's been leaked That his odd, there's a chance that, that he might get benched or even cut, just Bench him if that's what you wanna do. How many times, how many times have they benched a player that was, that that was healthy? Hell, they, they bitched like they just, last year we saw him, bitch Russ. Yeah. Yeah.


Hey, it's gonna, it's gonna get ugly over there too. Of course. Well this is what, this is what happened. Hey, It's Finn to get ugly. When you give somebody that kind of power and then you try to take it back, Take it Because he knew once you got up, once you flew your staff out there on a private plane and you knocked on his door, he control all the cards. Yeah. The moment he says, I want Alan Lazar the moment he said I wanted a a a I wanted Ante. Adam. Not, not Devonte, Randall Cobb. Yeah. The moment you started Accu Westing, the moment you, Nathaniel Hackett, you gave him all the, you gave, you gave him all the leverage.


Right. The One thing we know about a person with power. Once he has it, he's not trying to give it back. Don't you? In no situation. I don't know what the jet, it's your fault Jets, it's your fault. But if you notice Green Bay, no bro, we not telling you the coach. You got no say on who we hire or who we fire. Right. You got no say on who we Well, you got no say on who we signed in free agency. You got no say think about it. His best friends, what did they do? They cut Clay Matthews Jr. They moved on with Jordan. Nelson. Right. They moved on that don't, no, we're not giving you that kind of power.


One damn one. They knew he would abuse it. Yeah. And that's your character. Your your character would reveal that. They knew, they knew they, they knew. Exactly. Ojo when you around and, and see this is what fans listen, listen to Ojo and I, when you around somebody as much as we around our teammates, we see them more than their own family. Yeah. Yeah. For that period of time. From when we get to training camp until the season's over every day, seven, eight hours a day.


We hear you talk. We hear your mood, we see your interactions. We see when the cameras aren't around, when the media's not around because you got a different, you got a different side when the media's around, when the camera's around. See, we get to see, we get, we get to see you and your totality. The real you, The real you. The unvarnished unpolished. Green Bay knew Green Bay knew Green Bay saw. It's why you say why. That's why. And you notice, go back and look at what he says. He said, people, quarterbacks in my position normally have a little bit more say normally have a say who comes, who goes, go back and look.


I ain't making this up. Yeah. They never gave him what Tom. And, and Coach Belichick didn't even give it to Tom, but like a Peyton. Right. Mahome said, when Andy say he was going, they was talking about Worthy. He was like, okay. They called him. Hey, once you go down there, work out and let know what you think. What do you think about X What do you think about Y Right. In Tampa when he, when Tom got to Tampa, but the One thing, you know, they knew Tom would never abuse his power. No. He would never abuse the privilege. It wasn't as in it wasn't in his character. Huh? It wasn't in his character. It's just not him.


But see, green Bay had a history of dealing with a quarterback like Rogers because his predecessor was that exact same way. Yeah. Fo you always say they, they they, they'll tolerate you until they could What? Till they replace you. I don't care who you are. Yeah. If you go back and study the history of the NFL Joe Montana did not finish in San Francisco. Jerry Rice did not finish in San Francisco. Emmett Smith did not finish in Dallas. Right. Bruce Smith did not finish Buffalo In Buffalo. Neither did Thurman Thomas The nature of the business baby. Now everybody, look, they wanted to move on, but sometimes, you know, Joe wanted to start with Joe hurt his back and Steve came in.


Steve wanted MVP. How you go back, how you go Even after Joe Montana, the guy just won MVP. Yeah. You can't. Yeah. Come on now. We gotta be real about this now. Steve won the MVP. You're not going, you're not going back to even That's Joe Montana a four time Super Bowl winner. A three time Super Bowl. MVP and MVP. You know, I I that No, but, but Green Bay had had a history of dealing with quarterbacks. Right. But this, this is gonna get I agree with you Ocho I think it's gonna get ugly. It's It's gonna get ugly because They hey, they want, they want a benching boy, You know?


No. You know what they want. What? More than anything they want him out of the building. You think they cut him? Well that shit, They want, they want him. They want him to do what? They want him to do. What Daniel Jones did. As for, hey, as for my release. Damn. It's that bad. That's messed up. That's me personally. I do, I think, I think they want to cut him because look, he's still there. Rogers do you really want that on your hands? You're the guy that, you're the team that released Aaron Rogers. Right. With all the turmoil. Now look what Coach Belichick got for letting and Tom Brady go.


And he did. Tom contract was out. But I remember having a conversation. I said when they did not extend Tom, You knew it was a wrap. I Said he gone. Yeah, He said he done with this. He said after, hold on. You mean to tell me after all the pay cuts. Hey, remember I told y'all, you see how y'all, he took all them pay cuts and what he get him, they still let him go. Tom Brady six Super Bowls four at the time. MVPs three regular season MVPs. Yeah. All that. He had done all the pay cuts. The team still said Bye-Bye. So if they'll do that to him, what you think your team would do to you?


Get all your money, all of it. Every time. That's what I think personally I do. And I, I just hate when players, you know, look, that's his legacy. I hate to see players late in their career jump from team to team. You know what I'm saying? Ocho That's when it happens though. Huh? It normally happens late in your career. Especially in it, you hate to see it when it's, when it's prominent players that you're used to seeing in one place for over a decade long. The back end is nothing nice. The back end of your career is nothing nice.


Man, on Twitter, a man sent Twitter on five this weekend when he wrote carrying a lunchbox to work. It's, it's a feminine trait. There's absolutely nothing manly about that. Damn. Okay. Hold on. Ain't man can Man do anything Anymore. You can't, you can't take no motherfucking lunch to work. Hey, I tell you, Ocho ask them. I used to, I had a, you know what I'ma have what you call, I had a Spiderman and a and a a hook lunchbox did. I took the, I took the Denver with my food in it. Hold on. For real. I'ma have, I'm gonna have Shelly to say, hold on, Show you. Hold on. Dirt. Dirt. The whiskey had a goddamn play.


The goddamn food. He took the goddamn work every home game. Yeah. If you construction worker, you have a lunchbox that you take with you To work every Damn Day. My, my stuff was like plastic. My stuff was like a kid. I didn't have the Oh, you talking about the the the the aluminum? Yeah. The soft side. Yeah. It wasn't like, it wasn't like the, they got the thermostat in there. They got Yeah, yeah, yeah. You drop it on, you could hit it with a rock. You can't dent it. I didn't have one of those construction workers on a lunchbox. But what the, see you see what happened though. Now if got to the point now, man, if, if you carry, if you carry a mes, oh, that's feminine trait.


If you carry a lunchbox, that's feminine trait. If you wear this, that's a feminine trait. Hey, that's that new age bullshit, man. That's that new age tell. Well, you can't eat eat hot dogs no more. You know, every time I get hot, I go to a sporting event. Everybody looking at me like it's something wrong. What you doing? Eating hot dogs? Well, what The fuck? Eating? I'm hungry. That's what I'm doing. Eating what? What people eat? Hot dogs. Yeah. I've been going to sporting events since the eighties and I like my goddamn hotdog and I'm eat my hot dogs. I don't care what y'all talking about. Both I me two of 'em too. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't. And, and you know what it is aren't y it's the guys. I've never, and, and, and in today's society, men have become so upset that used to be women.


Oh, look at her. She thinks she's something Men have become, men are worse than women. Now. Men have become so obsessed with what other men wear. Why, what? Tell me, what do you lose by a man wearing a blouse or he wearing tight clothes? Whatever. What do you lose by that? Nothing at all. I'm Just like a, I'm like a lunchbox. So when did the lunchbox, so when did the lunchbox become a feminine trait? Never. Never had, never has been. But I just listen. They, they change the rules as time goes. They change the rules as time goes.


But that's, Everybody wanna look the same. Everybody wanna be the same. They, they wanna keep it real as they call it. We Can be real. What you, you sound foolish. I don't, I don't, I I never understood it. And I, I thought really keeping it real is, is basically following the script. You know? Ain't no cameras rolling. Why you following the script? Yeah. Do do you Be yourself Man, man. Oh, you still wearing them tight? Yeah. I like my clothes. I work out. I ain't outta shape like you. I mean, if I had a BMW body made wrong. I wear big clothes too. Hide it. Y'all, y'all built like, they built like a garment bag and they mad at me.


What BMW stand for Again? Body made wrong. Hey, let me, let me jot that down bit. I'm gonna use that. I Like that. But I, but I, but I don't understand. It's the men. Right? It'd be more men looking at men talking about what he got on culture. I promise I get, I go to bed at night. I don't think, not one time of what? What's what player NFL player. What they wore to the stadium? What The basketball players? Just because I don't wear and I'm too big. I can't wear all that stuff. That Shea Gill just, or ru or all that. I can't wear that. I'm too muscular. I'm 2 55, 2 60 too.


I can't wear a little skinny hat. Skinny. Yeah. I can't, I can't wear that shit. I, but I'll tell you what I'm gonna do. I'll put my aloe on. I'll put my Lulu and go on Lulu Lululemon. They come, they Lululemon come your size. Yeah. For Real. Guess what? If they don't got my size, I squeeze my big ass in it. How about that? Let Don tell me what the f to wear. Don't nobody pay. Don't nobody pay no bills over here. Please. I can't any guess what? I got a shoe horn upstairs. You know you gonna shoe horn. How you squeeze your foot in the shoe?


Yeah. Don't nobody tell me what to do. Look here. Hey, What was what? They Only like the, the la the last person that could really tell me what to do. She passed away in 2011? Yes. Now I do listen to my sister a lot. Probably the, the female that I listen to the most. My sister, because she like Shannon. She don't really like facial hair. I don't have no hair, facial hair. She like me. She likes me to wear a shirt with no tie. If you notice, I kind of moved away from the shirt with no tie. Right. Okay. Fine. Anybody Else, right?


Yeah. That, that's a, that's a good look. Hold on, on. I wanna get back to the Lululemon stuff though. Yeah. What's the price point? Oh, it's like, it, it's they's called Athleisure. Right. It's expensive. Be expensive. I mean, wait, Nevermind. Don't worry. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. Don't lemme tell, tell everybody Somebody need to gimme a deal too. Yeah. Don't even worry about it. I, I heard, I heard the word e inp. I'm good. Yeah, But I look, I wear others, I wear, you know, it all depends. But man, ain't nobody change what I do. Hey Imma, Hey I'ma do me, I'ma do, I'm gonna do me ocho. I'm not finna change, I'm not finna change for y'all.


I I'm not. I'm me. At the end of the day, I gotta be me. I'm gonna be true to me. Y y'all don't like it. All y'all looking. I know. Who do I know who don't like it? They love it. They love OSHA up in it. Who that? Michelle. There you go. I'm just throwing that out there. My bad. Hey, see somebody. Hey, somebody wrote the chat talking about in Lululemon for women. Tell me, tell me you ain't got no money and you ain't never been to Lululemon. Yeah, That what that just told me. They Got, they got a men's, they got a mens, you know ocho See they cater to everybody. See, but, but see if, if you don't see, if you don't open your mouth, how would I ever know how dumb you are?


Right. But when you open your mouth, you remove all I said I I, man, I don't think he, I don't think he all there Ocho and then he started talking. See what I told you? Ocho? Hey. Yeah. Look, everybody, look, I promise you, every high end retailer has made some disparaging demark remark. Right. About some, some group. Right. So what about I'll be out here, but thanking. Yeah. Basically you wouldn't be able to wear nothing Or eat something. Cars you drive. Somebody has said something. So what am I supposed to do? Ocho Catch the bus. Ha Fi find me a find me some woman that can sew clothes and just have her make clothes for me.


Hey y'all. Hey, don't think I ain't trying to nel belly. I'm trying to get a deal with skims. Sure is. I sure am sure am. Man, I tried to hook you up long time ago, man. I'm trying to get a deal with skims. I ain't talking about talking to the woman. I tried to get a deal with the, with the, the, the, what they call that, the compression, the underneath? Yeah. The shores that they still wear underneath. Yeah. Hold on man. The best way to, the best way to get the skis to get through the front. Go with the Go. No, I don't mess with no uhuh. No whatcha Talking about man Ocho lemme tell you something about osha. All Right. All Right. Lemme tell you something about me. Yes sir. My grandfather said, boy, I was a little, when I was a little boy, he said, boy, never put your dick in your wallet.


What he mean by when you at work? Yeah. Stay away. You don't mess with somebody. If I'm, if I'm, if I'm dealing with somebody, they, we got a relationship where she's doing something for me. Why would I mess that up? Because now we, we go our separate ways. Guess what? She pulls the, the contract. Mm. So why would I do that? Okay. Okay. I Keep, I keep, I keep the thing to thing I keep business. Business. Right. Keep the main thing. The main thing. Yes. Okay. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. I see. Yes. I wouldn't, no, no. Oh, so don't mess your money up. Yeah. I I don't think you would've messed it up, but I No, I know I'm not, I know I'm not, I I understand where you're going with it.


I I I'm trying to, I'm trying to get a a so if somebody could pass that along to Mr. Kardashian, I would greatly appreciate it. I do a photo shoot and everything.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball the Blindside and Liars Poker On. Every season of my podcast, Against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans. And with the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling Listen to Against, the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcast.


It's the official undergarment of the, of the NBA. Yeah. You think If, If you think I'm not good enough for the N-B-A-N-B-A players, Hold on, check. Say with me now we get skims could be the official undergarment for Nightcap. It sure could. I like that. I do it for those shoot too. That what I'm talking about. Yeah. I like that. We could have a little Nightcap right there on have skims on one side. Nightcap another On another. Yeah. Matter of fact, Kim's gonna see, see they gonna see this. Kim go, Kim gonna see this. Yeah. I hope so. Y'all, y'all need to, but y'all need to stop this. Everything I look, I understand. But a lunchbox I don't think is, is gender specific?


I think a lunchbox. I think men and women Mean you. You gotta you gotta understand. You gotta think about the, the era we come from. We carry lunchboxes. Yeah, we did. We carry lunchboxes. I don't think little Boys carried lunchboxes. I don't think they understand. They don't understand. They don't understand that these are young folk, man. Yeah. And we can get some skims skin tone. 'cause I think ski dub ski skim skin tone. Right? I don't dunno. Somebody but Might, I mean, they get color. They might not see them. Y'all, y'all didn't stop this with this, with this fool, this man.


And plus as much, I, I don't know. I, I, I carry, 'cause I got phones, I got my wallet, I got all my stuff in there. So I don't wanna hold my stuff in my hands and I don't hold on. Huh? I got one too. Mine right here. Yeah. My little, my little, my little rii. I carry my, I carry my phone, right? Yeah. Carry my phone, my little, my battery pack, my little charger. Yeah. From my, my phone. You can put your money in there. I put my money in there because you know, I like to carry like 10, 20,000 at a time. Sh Man, I wish I would carry that kind of money now. I used to. Hey, What you call, what you call these again? Ear pods? Yeah. Carry my little ear pods.


I wish, I wish show you my cash, but I'm outta town right now. I don't want nobody. Yeah. Nobody bother me Because I was like, oh no, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. I don't care that I put my chapstick, you know, I don't go nowhere without my chapstick. Hey, I'm trying to get, I'm trying to get a deal because you know, with this Chapstick I'm trying to, Hey, Well hold on now you got deal. One deal at a time. We, we, we got, let's work on skims first, then we'll worried about Ocho. Just, hey, don't think, look, we, we, we, we got, we got a team that's working. Trust me. Even though we don't do a whole lot of talking, we, we definitely 2025 a we, we've given us, I've given some specific instructions.


Right, Right. Okay. Well since we talk about chapter, I expect, I expect 25 to be better than 24 for sure. Oh, It is, it's, it's because it's, it's, it's only one. It's only one way for, for us to go. Yeah. So, and You know, and you know in the goodness book of Royal records, if you looked up, know that in the conversation for that ain't, ain't the conversation for fuck my bad. Don't worry about it. Yeah, we use that. But we got some, we got some, we got some. Trust me, we got some stuff working ocho, but Oh yeah. Oh, lemme tell you something. Remember that number I threw out yesterday? Yeah. Yeah. 200 million. Boy, you hear me? And I ain't, I ain't never been wrong.


So when it happened and when it comes to fruition, I didn't manifest it. I'm telling you what God told me. Man. Go ahead though, man can about talking about, oh, you can't talk about, you can't put that baby arm in no skis, Man. Y'all need to get out my face with this foolishness. And you know, the big thing was, oh, you know, I did the, I did the interview with, with with Kamala. Yeah. And everybody's like, I, I don't look, I don't know. I mean, I guess there are some people that she did and they, she paid them to do the interview. I get paid. All you gotta do is look back the FCE Federal Election Commission. Right. That's who keeps track of what the campaign paid.


All you gotta lose. Right. Right. Y'all keep asking me, look, why my name didn't come out if I got paid, don't you think I would've been on that list? Right. But I thought y'all love capitalism. Oh, y'all love capitalism. As long as the it don't look like me. I Like that long. Don't look like me. Y'all all for capitalism. But y'all didn't ask, did y'all ask Joe Rogan, did Trump pay you to interview him? Did y'all ask the Vaughn, did Trump pay them to interview him? Did y'all ask Tucker Carson, did y'all ask Fox News? Who did y'all ask? Or y'all just asking Black, I didn't get paid anything.


But who paid you? Ain't nobody paid me. We have advertisers and sponsors. Y'all see when we roll, we come on their ads. Y'all say, man, all these ads. Yeah. How do you think we still, how do you we keep the lights on. I got 17, 18 people employed. Actually 19 now about to hire high 2021. So how do you, how do you think, how do you think we pay? How do you think Ash? I I pay Ash. How do you think I pay Jordan? How do you think I play graphics and editors and cj So I'm supposed to do it for free. We're not a nonprofit. So Yes, we have advertising, we have sponsors.


And so when we go out, we run the ads throughout the interview. Right. Just like we run ads from time to time. BMW you see the ads, but no, I didn't make no money. People got upset. W well, I, I, I don't pay for interviews. I don't have a problem ocho for people that does pay for interviews. Right. That's just not the model that we use. We don't need it. So, no, and I think it's Bo it's beneficial. Yes. I did offer Kat, because Kat gave us something. Kat really put, not only did he put Club Shehe, but he put say Shehe medium on the map. He took me to a whole new level. He said he was Yes.


I offered to pay Kat because I thought that's what I should do. That would've been the right thing to do. Kat did not accept it. He would not accept it. Mm. But I didn't make any money. But y'all, y'all know I didn't make no money because if it was, it'd have been news. They'd have had it scroll over all these sites. Y'all had it all over the place. But y'all didn't ask. Y'all don't ask that of anybody else other than people that look like me. Why? I thought y'all liked capitalism. Oh, y'all. It Depends on who it's, it always depends on who. It's Oh, Oh, huh. Interest interesting.


It So, but it's all good. Look, I had a great time. I, I, I don't know if I'll ever get an opportunity again to ever interview a a, a presidential candidate that was not on my bingo card. When we started Club Shehe in September of 2020. If somebody would've told me that Shannon, one day you'll be able to sit down with a person that's running for the president of the United States. I would not have believed them. Just goes to show you where the platform is gone. And hopefully that when they come on, it's mutually, it's beneficial. I think our viewing and listening audience really love the guests that we come on have on, I think we try to have as entertaining of a guest as we possibly can.


Right. The team do as, as deeper a dive as we possibly can Ocho and try to, to, you know, to dig in and try to ask the guest questions. Right. That maybe they haven't have never been asked or haven't talked about in a very, very long time. Right. And I always ask if there's something that you don't wanna talk about, but for the most part, and the guests always reach back out, say, Hey, I really, really enjoyed it. You know, you can tell you really do your homework. And I never, I've never watched an interview of one of my guests before. I have them on. And one of the reason why they open up to me Ocho because I don't look at 'em with judgey eyes and they know that I let them speak my job.


You don't want to hear from me. You want to hear my voice, ask the question. After that I stepped back. Right. That's their truth. I don't know what anybody else want. I'm not for everybody. Maybe everybody, I'm not. I'm not, I'm not everybody. Like I said, if y'all want Dateline, y'all want Oprah. There are places you can get those. Yeah. Fox News. See if that's what you're looking for. But if you want to have a good time, if you want to guess if we got Kiki, Kiki was unbelievable. I couldn't wait for you guys to see that. 'cause she was amazing. Yeah. Kiki nice. Oh, She was amazing. She, I mean, she, she's older, she's young In front of the camera. She's, She has an old soul.


Right. She talks like a woman that's much older than her age. Right. But she, she was great. She was great. All the guests. That's One thing. I honestly say all the guests, I've had a great time. I've learned so much more about 'em. Because then I think that's the thing. What, what what shocks me, Ocho is that when I'm interviewing them, I'm hearing it for the first time. Just like you are. And I'm like, damn. And sometimes like when she cracked that joke early, that was Ocho that was like too many sin. That's what Michelle said. I had no idea she was, I ain't, I trying, I ain't thinking this woman know anything about that situation. I made The whole world know about that situation. Man. You, I seen you ain't gonna be able to live that down man.


You ain't, you ain't gonna live that down. It, it was good though. It was good. It was good. It was good. You know, it was good. That what she said, he ain't gonna go down now look at you now. Look, you, You see what I mean? You see, I mean, Nah man, it it been great man. It's, it, it's been, it's been great man. I mean it's great. I mean, 24 24 has been unbelievable. Ocho Hey, This year has been good. You hear me? 25 is gonna be even better. Oh. This year It, it, this year has been really good. But 20 five's gonna be even better. I appreciate you guys, man. I appreciate, we appreciate She Shea Media. Appreciate the support that you've given both Nightcap and Club Shesha because none of this is possible without you.


And what that what? Listen. Yeah. All the stuff that's transpired, all the, you know, the negativity that's been going on. I know One thing. In order for us to be where we are Yeah. We have way more positivity. We have way more people pulling for us Ocho Yeah. Than not. Oh yeah. Most definitely. Most Definitely. And that's, that's what, that's what, that's what gives me the comfort at night. It's like, man Shannon, you worried about the words of a hateful few, few and they gonna keep taking the shots. Sojo, but they about to have some about, they're about to have a reason to take some shots. Oh, we got some coming. Oh yeah. Well you ain't gotta tell me, but I, I told you what he told me.


Huh? And I'm not gonna tell you no more. I I'm telling you what he told me. Huh? Because I ain't gonna lie to you. I lie for you before I lie to you. I'm telling you what he told me. You think your cup, you think your cup run is overnight. All right. Alright. Ocho last segment of the night time for q and a. Hold on. I got a ppp. How much y'all want to bed? He gonna come out there. He gonna come out the the bathroom. He gonna have a towel. Pretend like he wash his hand. Now. Wife. What he tell you? I watch now. He gonna come out there, he gonna come out there real quick. He gonna come out there with a towel. Man, you know I had to wash my hand up man. Come on Unc.


You know I had to wash my hand number. Water. Ain't no soap and gonna be watch. Watch what I tell you now. Wash hands, Watch Come out, watch come out there. Damn. What you have? Four? Huh? Chad Chad. What'd he do? Chad Chad. Look at it. Chad Chad. Do I know him?


What happened? I ain't say nothing. What you told him? I ain't told him nothing. Hey, don't be talking about me when I'm not here man. Allow me to be here to defend Myself. Chad what he did. Chad. I'm surprised he ain't come out there with no bath towel on him. Make sure he know he washed his hands. Who? You? Yeah. You know I washed my hands. I outta there. I don't never get sick. Towel dry. You gotta wash your hands. Now look at that. Look at the hand. They Asked you. No they're not. Look at his hand. Look at his hand. They, they asked you. I talk. I Argenx ta saying What's up?


What's up? How do you feel about streaming services? Taking all games? You need 32 subscriptions to watch the full slate. Yeah Bro, that's where it's headed because linear television doesn't have the money that these streaming services have. You look at Netflix, you look at Amazon, you look at, that's where it's headed. And in order for these network, these, these sports franchises and they want to be taken serious. Why you think YouTube did what they did? They bought the NFL ticket. You have to have live events.


And the one live event you must have is football. NFL Football. Yeah. Why you think Netflix got in? You got to, bro. You got, that's just where it's headed. That's where it's headed. And the NBA, that's why they've been able to get that big contract. NFL. That's why you're able to get these contracts. You heard Roger Goodell say we going to 18 games within the next five years. I guarantee you in the next five years they're gonna add another playoff. They're gonna have another playoff. They gonna be eight teams. You heard it? Yeah. That's where the money is. They playing big bucks. They playing big bucks.


I think YouTube played 20 plus billion for the 10 year package. Woo. With a B. Amazon. Amazon got Thursday and they got Friday and they got a Friday game. And you see, so that's where we had it. Te, I'm sorry, Kera Norwood Junior. Who has the best duo in the NFL besides the Chiefs and the Ravens? What duo are you talking about? Wide receiver. You talking about running back, huh? Yeah, they, it should have been a little bit more, more specific on Duo Kimra. Jump back in there and let us know which one. What duo you talking about?


The big guy said What's up UNC and Ocho. My name is Emmett. Which team won for agency by the Ravens? Getting King Henry or the Eagles getting Saquon since both teams are playing. Good. That's a good one. Well it seems to me that the Eagles are found a way to say, look, we gonna get, make sure Saquon get his touches come hell or high water. I wish the Ravens adopt that policy with King Henry. Yeah, I, I think you know, you know how we figure out who wins that, that off season? Who goes the furthest acquisition? Yeah. Who go, who goes, who goes the furthest? Yeah, I was just gonna say that. I wouldn't be surprised. Saquon is definitely playing himself in for the offensive player of the year. Now you gonna have a lot to say about the MVP.


He rushed for 2100 yards. O Joe. He breaks that NFL record. Right. It gonna have to be some uncomfortable conversations there. Yeah man. For sure. Absolutely. Eagle fans seven eight. Who would you say is the most constant team? That doesn't seem iffy week to week. Lions the lion. Hey, they was kind of iffy two weeks ago when he threw five interceptions, but they still won. That was iffy. But but here's the thing though, Ocho, if you think about it, that's really been the only time they lost the first game of the season and then they won 10 straight and then they were iffy one other game.


I mean, you look at Kansas City coming down to the wire every week. We see the Ravens every week. So right now the most consistent team, I would have to say would be the Lions and the Eagles. Right? Cyril p said How many Detroit, how many Detroit's lions will make all pro this season? Don't sleep on Jake Bates making it two go. Lions go green. Woo. I think they'll have an offensive lineman. Golf St. Brown pane pane se Nah, I don't think golf's gonna make it because No, you got no, because now if he wins the MVP, 'cause you got Lamar playing great.


You got Josh Allen. You got Joe. Yeah, I think Brian Branch is gonna make it. I think Brian Branch is definitely gonna be one of the safeties. Hey boy, he the real deal. Brian. I like, I like, I like bb. He nice. He real nice. Yeah, he he was fan of his Yeah, this play. Ah, theologians Gill said Gibbs and Montgomery are both top five NFL running backs. Henry Saquon. Yeah. You can put both of those guys up there. Yeah. I won't fight you four.


Kt rule number one, never draft QBs from basketball schools except Drake May. Yeah. Amman, Ross, St. Brown. He could definitely be one. It's gonna be close because what you got, you got, you got Chase, you got Gah, Jetta, Jefferson. Yeah, Amman. Raw. Raw. Yeah. I think you'll have, I think you'll have at least two offensive linemen. Maybe a rag now or se I think brand branch makes it, I definitely think Hutchinson was gonna make it had he not got hurt.


Right. Brandon Martinez. How about them cowboys? We gonna whip the Bengals as well. All right. It down it down a little bit. Matter of fact, matter of fact, speaking of, speaking of, I'm gonna be at that game too. I'm gonna be at that game when they Play the Cowboys. Yeah. I'm going, I'm going, I'm going to Dallas, I'm gonna to Jerry's world. I wanna see what Jerry's world is all about. So I'm gonna leave the game probably in the third quarter and watch the fourth quarter. At, at, at at, at the Airbnb. Yeah. And then do Cap. So Well don't let That Don don't that debris fall on your head, don't you? Huh? Don't let that debris fall on your head. You know the roof was falling cable. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, stuff falls apart over there. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy said, who do you think would be a benefit coach for the Cowboys?


Bell Belichick or Deon Sanders and why? Oh, how about them cowboys? Who you like Ocho who you think the benefit would be? Where, where In Dallas And who, who are the two options? Coach Belichick and and time. Neither. Neither one. Neither one for one. Belichick is not going to that circus. 'cause then he's gonna look like a clown. That's not happening. And he needs to be able to have full control to be able to build a team. He needs to, he needs to, to build. Obviously Robert Kraft gave the keys to build Belichick. Jerry Jones is not re re relinquishing those keys or that power that he possesses. And then Dion will be one that will undermine Jerry. He will take all the attention away from Jerry.


Yeah. He too big of a, he's a huge name. He Definitely, he definitely wouldn't want, you know, Dion there as well. And I have a better understanding after talking to an individual, you know, this past weekend on the same thing you've been saying about Jerry wanting to be the center of attention and wanting to have a sole singular focus on just him, him wanting to get all the credit. So now that I know that and hearing it from a reputable source, you know, so I I kind of understand now. So yeah. Neither, neither one of them are, neither one of them are good options. Chad, he mean reputable Rep. What, what I say reputable. Yeah. Oh my bad. But you know, that's a big word for me, man. I'm, I'm learning.


Oh, quarterback quarter, running back quarter. He meant running back quarterback. That's what Kera best duo think. Oh, running back quarterback. I think Lamar Henry. Yeah. Whoa. Well, yeah, you right, you're right, you're right. I, I was gonna go Hertz. I was gonna go Herts Bobby. Oh. But he said besides Ravens and Chief. So it'll be the Eagles. It's easy. Yeah. The Eagles seequa and, and hurt. Super easy. Yeah.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker On. Every season of my podcast, Against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against, the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


James Lee said, Jamis Winston interviews and motivational talks are hilarious. Would you say he's this Ochocinco? Who's the funniest NFL player ever? Uhuh. It's only one ocho Don't do that. You know a guy that talked that was funny, but talked all the f-ing time. Who? John Randall. Hey, John was funny. Boy, man. Johnny. Hey Johnny. Well, Johnny was funny boy, he funny. He he got some, he got some funny clips. Man, Johnny bad. Johnny came out with me. Johnny was undrafted. He, yeah, he was, Well the d tackle 230 pounds. He was good man.


Undecided. But he was good. But quick. I'm talking about Cat Quick, cat, quick. Nate Harper said, hey and Ocho, Ashley and I finally got married this week in, in Vegas last Sunday after 10 years together. Do you have any advice for newlyweds? Love you guys fly. Eagles fly. Nate, congratulations bro. 10 years. Congratulations. Congrat. Y'all been married, congrat, Congrat. All you did was put it on paper. Y'all, you together that long with somebody? And I'm sure you guys were living together. Y'all sh y'all Yeah. Y'all shared everything. Car house, no pa all that, bro. Y'all been married. Y'all just made, y'all just put it on paper. That's all that is. Yes sir. Y'all just made it. But you been married.


Everybody saw y'all. If you didn't tell him you weren't married, they thought you were married. So mad, mad. Nate, look here. Congratulations. Whatever you did to make it to 10 years, continue that and add a little more to it. Dang. Do that Nate do that. That boy J 84 said Elcho. Can I, can you wish me and my wife Crystal happy birthday? Yeah. We both got the same birthday. You playing that? I just hit 40, but I ain't gonna reveal her age. Okay. I much love both of you guys than folks in the chat. Hey Crystal, that boy happy birthday, man.


Happy birthday. What? That's unbelievable. Oh, I'm trying to think. Have I ever Happy you, You ever, you have you ever, have you ever met a woman that had the same birthday as yours? Me? Yeah. No. No. And if I did it would it, it would have to be a Capricorn. So I've I've never had anyone. No, I haven't, I haven't. I haven't been blessed with that. Yeah. No. I'll tell you what's funny, What happened, Dealing with a, a, a woman that has the same name as you, The same name you dated a woman named Shannon. I felt like I was talking to her myself. I'm like, I'm like, wow.


Wow. Talking to Myself. Yes. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Oh yeah. Shannon, like Shannon Dougherty. Okay. Yeah, yeah. You right, right. Okay. Oh yeah, I got it. I'm like, damn, why y why y'all broke up? Because I'm thinking about I, I'm thinking to myself. Yeah. Does it sound weird to her? Like it sounds weird to me. Yeah, probably. Probably. But I, I ain't gonna stop. Y'all still together? Huh? Y'all still together? Man, that was so long. Hold on. That was so long ago. You talking about What year? We talking about Early nineties?


God damn. No, I Am I the only one? Am I the only one? That's, but it's gotta be, I mean Well, it all depend on your name too, Jordan. I mean, I mean, if you got, if it's a Jordan, 'cause they, Jordan is, is unisex. It could be man or woman. Ashley. It could be man or woman. But Chad that they ain't No, it is Chad. Chad. Hell no. Chad. Not even Chad and Chad. Yeah, Shannon. I mean, what's what's another un Yeah.


I was like, yeah. It just, it just, see, it just is like, as a matter of fact, like three Shannons. Damn. You done dated three Shannons. Oh, Joe, you ain't want me to date nobody. You wanted me to. I should, I should shoulda have been a, a, a, a priest, a ca I should have been a Catholic priest. Just, Nah, I'm just, I'm just saying. But if you had the opportunity to date three Shannons, I mean, the chances of dating three Shannons in your lifetime to have the exact same name as you. I've never heard of nothing like that. Yeah. I mean, there, I mean, it's a, it's a very common name for, for a a, a, a a a woman. Yeah. But to date three of them.


Okay. What you want me to do? I I'm just saying I'm my bad, my bad. You know my bad player. There you go. My bad Player. Only, only all, hold on, only two of 'em. I got a chance to shake the sheets though. Oh, you shook. Oh, oh, you shook the sheets? Yeah. What, what happened with the third one? You know he win. So you loose. So Mojo. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I heard, I heard that. I slow, I slow walked him. You slow Walked him. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Don't Joe, I, I, Whoa for you gotta gimme context. You gotta get a chat context. 'cause the chat ain't gonna understand what slow walk mean.


You know, I was trying to be gentleman like, you know, take a eye, you know, I wasn't trying to, you know, jump straight into the, you know, try to jump straight in. You know, I'm trying to, you know, I'm trying to be a gentleman. Would you like to go, you know, back then, you know, Applebee's or Chili something like, you know, Applebee's was the place, you know? Yeah. Hey, that two for 20, that thing hit. Yeah, that two for 20 Chicken tenders and the Ribblets, I don't know if you do Applebee's still have the ribblets or, or, or, or, or chicken tenders. But that, but that's, but that was the thing. And so, but you know, I'm trying to slow walk. Okay. Let's go to the movies. I ain't, I ain't, you know, look, hey, I ain't doing the Gary Clayton. I ain't picking up 94 feet.


You know what I'm saying? Don't you know, I ain't going corner to corner 94 feet. Right. Putting the pressure on her. Right. Okay. And you know, in the process, I slow walked. Other dude came in and you know, he picked up 94 feet and you gone And he took, he took your little piece. Yeah. Damn. You let him get away with Damn. Huh? You got damn. But you gotta be better. You gotta be a little quicker than that, bro. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You Should, you should applied that person you just told. I shoulda. I shoulda. But you know, ocho, ocho see that? That ain't how I am Ocho. Right. I, I slept, I smoke walker. You like, you like the court. You like the cord first? I do. I do. I, that's, that's the, that's the gentleman in me. Right, right, right. Let let it marinate a little bit. Yeah, Yeah.


Okay, okay, okay. I I mean, I understand. To eat his own. Yeah. Okay. Eat his own. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm kind of, I'm kind of toxic. You know, I, I'm, I'm, I'm just gonna be honest. But you laugh for that. You know, we, we hit McDonald, we hit Golden Corral. And then you tried to hit the sheets. Yeah. Right away. Right Away. Oh, come on though, Joe. Yeah. I ain't, I ain't got time. Look man, I ain't got time. Oh man. I can't, I ain't never, I ain't never been that kind of guy. No, No. Hell nah. Yeah. Shit, I, I need to know, I need to know whether I'm wasting my time or not. I need to know what, what, what am I investing myself into? Oh, nah, shit. Got time to be playing with you. Fuck you talking about? Then you do all that courting and all that bullshit and then, and, and, and it is horrible.


And it's bad. Now. I can't get my time, my money back. Oh, No. Yeah, you got a point there with you. But I just, I can't, I mean, I ain't, I ain't never been no, you know, no one, you know, meet somebody and you know, we go, do we. Right. I can't. Right. And then I'm, I'm, listen, if, if for me, I'm, I'm not judgy, you hear me? I'm not judgy. So if you decide to do what grown folk do, I don't have no problem with that. And if you don't point, like you should be, I mean, for me, You be back. Huh? My, My, my standing running time with somebody I just met is always five years. It's always five. It's always five years of pedal. So anything after that five year period is a good thing. Okay. Yeah. I'm just, yeah. All that, all that court and wasting time and going on dates and holding hands and all that.


Man, fuck all that, man. I'm trying to act, I'm trying to be like National Geographic. I'm trying to see action. No, you, yeah, you oughta say again. It, you on the hunt, Man. You Pedro say Uncle Ocho, keep up the great work. Hope to see y'all in New Orleans. Can you shout out my wife Chantel? We love listening to you. Manuel. Chantel. Chantel Manuel. Want to give you a shout out hope. Hopefully we see you in New Orleans also. I'm sure we'll have a meet and greet, man. That's amazing. Thank you guys for your support. We greatly appreciate that. We love when couples watch the show together.


It's not a, it's not a prerequisite, but we, we love it that you guys laughing? Is that really true? Oh yeah. So forth and so on. So Chantel, thank you for allowing Manuel to watch the show. Thank you guys for sitting down and watching it together, being supporters of Nightcap from the beginning and hopefully to the very end. So thank you guys for your and your continued support. Damn couples watching this show. Oh yeah. We like that. We like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We like that. You know, That concludes this edition of Nightcap. I'm your favorite on Shannon Sharpe Liberty City's own Bingo ring of Fame. I'm an honoree.


The pro bowl of the all pro Broncos all time Broncos Bengals, all time leading receiver. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him ocho me. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. Tell your family, friends, and loved one to also hit that like button. Make sure you subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. Every subscriber matters. Thank you for all your continued support. Make sure you check our sha by La Portier. We do have it in stock, we have it in abundance and the holidays. We want you to have a very, very festive holiday season. And if you can't find it in a city or state near you, just order it and we'll get it right to you.


And please drink responsibly. Go check out my media company page on all of its platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company. 84. We had our new releases that dropped last month and our Black Friday sale just launched. It's 50% off all items. Shirts are 20, do 50% off. Shirts are $20 off. Hoodies are $40 off. All tees and hoodies are back in stock. Nightcap Club Shake Shake and 84, including the T-shirt that I'm wearing. Everything is in stock and discounted way, way too much. But Ash said, you know what Shannon? You don't even have to pay me for the month of January, which I greatly appreciate.


We also have Venus and Coozies. Did I say that right? Yeah. Yeah. Cozy. Cozy sleeves. Quantities are liberty. So please make sure you grab yours. Wow. Supplies last. The Eagles beat the Rams behind a historic night from Saquon Barkley who ran himself right smack dab. He's up in the MVP discussion. 26 carries 2 55, 2 touchdowns. The most rush yards in Eagle's. Franchise history is the ninth most rushing yards in NFL history. Saquon Barkley now is on pace for 2,151 yards. Let's hope he can keep it going. The Cowboys beat the Commanders.


34 26 Snap. A five game losing streak. Their defense came to play today. Did a great job. CJ Stroud stepped outta the back of the end zone for a safety as the Titans hold on to beat the Texans in Houston. 30 to 27, the lions go on the road to Indy and defeat the coach. 24 to six wasn't with the customary points they'd normally get, but they found a way to to win the ball. Game 24 to six and the duo, Sonics and Knuckles, Gibbs and Montgomery had three Russian touchdown became the first duo in NFL history with back to back double digit rush in touchdowns in the season. The S beat the Bears at OT 30 to 27.


The Bears have now lost nine, five straight ball games. The Packers slapped down the 49 ERs. 38 to 10. That's it. ocha. Oh, the fans beat the Patriots. 34 to 15. The Bucks beat. The Giants 30 to seven. The Broncos win also. 29 19. The chief escaped Carolina 30 to 27. Who we got? We got Tomorrow. Huh? Who we got tomorrow? Ravens Chargers. Ooh, that's gonna be a good one. Boy. Yep. So thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap.


I'm Unc Heath. Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow after charges. Ravens The Volume.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On. the latest season of my podcast, Against the Rules. I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America, and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states, and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against, the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.