(0s):
This is an iHeart podcast.

(5s):
Meta AI is the personal AI that's tailored to you now with its very own app. It's built to get to know you, offering helpful answers and inspiration. Looking for something to add to your bucket list. Meta AI goes beyond traveling the world. It remembers your basketball fanatic and suggests you attend one of the playoff games. Just start typing or speaking to get the answers you need, wherever and whenever. Because meta AI is your personal ai. Download the Meta AI app now available on the Apple App Store. And Google. Google Play.

(37s):
When it's s time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school. Because family supports family at American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you. As a military spouse, your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.

(1m 7s):
When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.

(1m 56s):
Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and You know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. That's chumba casino.com and live the Chumba Lights sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group void for prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions. Apply

(2m 28s):
The volume. Joe, there's still a possibility that Jason Kidd could join the next per Ian Bagley. The door is not completely closed on the Nicks and Jason Kidd per people familiar with the dynamic in Dallas, other outlets reported as recently as last week. That kid was still a possibility and remains the case. As of Monday. Teams were hanging up on the Knicks during their head coach search for Sha Shams.

(3m 9s):
Teams would just hang up. Some would say no then hang up and other situations the Pro Propheta was involved. You know, literally f no responses. Hey, love JK Gonna keep the door open now. Yeah. What is it? Hold on. What is it? The Knicks could offer The Mavericks to what? Get J Kid. Yeah. Y'all gonna give up O og. Y'all gonna give up ML bridges? Y'all gonna give up Mitchell Robinson? I need something. They gonna have to give up.

(3m 50s):
I don't know. I don't know what they, I don't know what they can give up. You know, I know Dallas got that, that number one pick and from my understanding they holding on to that. Yes. You know what I mean? So I don't even know if this really a job that that that J kid really wants to be honest with you. I think he's better in the West with Anthony Davis and, and Cuba flag and, and and, and Kyrie. That's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. You, I know, You know, it's gonna take probably Kyrie a little while to come back, but I Think you got enough pieces over there to keep you afloat. Yeah. Until you get back, You know, to somewhat of a hundred percent. You know what I mean? Yeah. So I can't see, I honestly, I can't see him, I can't see him taking that next job unless they offer him something that's kind of hard to turn down.

(4m 35s):
Yeah. I mean, you gonna put him up there with what, You know, SPRA or, or, or Steve cur 17 million, 18, 19 million a year. Shit. But you in New York compared to being, but that's what I'm saying. You a that money that you getting in Texas with no state income tax, man, New York cost you like 10%. That's what I'm saying. So I, I don't, I don't, I don't see him, I don't see him, You know, taking this job. And like I said, unless it's something that's kind of hard for him to turn down, I think he's kind of, You know, developed a, a, a nice little thing there in Dallas and I'm sure he wants to try to get the, get the mage back to the championship winning wave.

(5m 15s):
You know what I mean? Right. But what he got, they really got a chance. Before we go to any other topics, we gotta talk to Mr. 30 Burger ISO Joe dropped 30 points for the Detroit Amps 50 casually pulled down 10 boards and reminded everyone why he's still a walking bucket. Look at it. Hold on. We, we finna put it back up. Ooh Joe hit it with na nail. Ah, hey gimme that big body. Hey get to these spots man. Hey look, don't bam Unc all levels Unc mids posts three ball four point.

(5m 57s):
But what? Whatever you want baby. Damn Joe. You about to be a seventh or eight man in the NBA right now. Huh? Man, I, man listen, they, y'all think I'll be talking, y'all think I just be talking man, I can get somebody about 15 off, 15 minutes. 15, 20 minutes off the bench. How many boys you gimme? 15, 20 Joe? 10. I give you one from 10 to 15. Yeah, I be fishing. I'm gonna make plays. I'm gonna play the right way. Yeah, but I'm gonna tell you something now. This, this once a week thing. This, this my type of, this is my speed though. Okay. I ain't gonna lie you. That's ego neither ain't Joe.

(6m 39s):
Hey, I ain't finna sit here and lie to you. You hear me? This once a week thing. Hey I can do this in my sleep. Thank you Detroit Amp social media team for providing us with these cold iso Joe highlights. Make sure y'all go follow the amps on ig at Detroit Amps and you get an opportunity to see ISO Joe. Who y'all play this week, Joe? We got the 3 0 5. We got Beasley and Lance Stevenson and Mario. Ooh, that gonna be a bar. It's going to be some smoke. Hey, you see them boys game? You see that first? Hey man, Lance, Lance getting into it with the, with Dwight. I thought Dwight was going double it because Lance like, man they tried to, they, they tried to talk Dwight how this game ain't it? Because Besley stayed talking because he, he, I think Dwight is so polarizing and You know, you look at him in statue, You know, he's so big and strong and to my understanding they say he was talking a lot of junk and in Las Vegas at the combine.

(7m 32s):
Okay. You know, talking about how he was gonna come in and, You know, destroy the league and kill this, that and the third. So I guess some dudes took offense to it 'cause they sure ain't let him off the hook. Boy. Hey, that was WWE E right there, man. Oh was basketball. That wasn't matter be me. I'm like, oh my goodness. Yeah. Yeah. Everything was borderline in that game. That game was so long. It, it was borderline, but the, the, the competitive edge it was there. You know, I thought they competed at a real high level and you could tell, man, they, it was just such a buzz throughout the whole arena, just the entire game. Like man, it was, it was, it was, it was a good game to watch. I just, I, I didn't, I don't really care for all the antics and You know, all the, the fighting and getting in there because the, the league ain't for that bro.

(8m 16s):
Like, we on, we on national TV and we, we want it to be, You know, a great game, a great competitive game. Not necessarily guys wrestling and throwing punches. I'm cool with the, the trash talking and all that, but when, when things get borderline and were you throwing punches and we all on the floor, man, come on now. Do you think, do you think some of the antics went over over the line? Yeah. Yeah. I Think, You know, I think due to, You know, I think both teams kind of lost their emotions, You know, throughout the game. Meaning every time a guy scored, you seen guys in each other face shit, they were down in their head button. You know what I mean? I was like, hey, but what it is just two teams that was competitive and just trying to impose they will on each other.

(9m 4s):
And I just felt things kind of got a little outta hand. You Think, you think Lansing Dwight was serious? Yeah, I think, I think in, in, in the midst of that game in between the lines, they really had a real few with each other. And you can tell everything was so physical, man. Like, let me tell y'all something Chad. Y'all understand this man, the, the, the big three is probably the most physical basketball that I've been a part of or Yeah, like it's only, it's six guys out there so you only got two other teammates who can help you. And a lot of stuff is borderline. The refs let you get away with a lot. It's far more physical than the NBA or any other, You know, basketball league that I've ever played in.

(9m 48s):
So I'll definitely give it that. 'cause I'm gonna tell you, I ain't gonna lie, I felt like I got into a fight with 10 men when I woke up on Sunday. I was like damn. Like it's, it's real piss. It's a lot of bump and grind bruising. Like it's tough bro. But it's fun at the same time. We all, I just love competing. You ain't gonna fall for Lance antics are you? Nah, nah, I'm, I'm, I'm way too too intact for that. And then plus on top of that, man, when you got a lot of game you ain't, you ain't gotta deal about it. You ain't gotta do all that talking. Nah, nah. He tried to talk you out your game. Nah. Yeah. See and I think Dwight, You know what he has to understand is, You know, it takes a while to kind of really understand the three on three game.

(10m 28s):
Right. But, but just like the late great Bill Russell said, man this game is about buckets. You gotta be able to score the basketball right. Period. Point blank. You know, we going to 50, this ain't a time restraint like it ain't 10 minutes on the clock and you try to hold the league. The hardest part of three on three, especially in the BIG three is when you reach 40 points and you try to close the team out to get 50 because guys started to get a little tight. It ain't them little comfortable shots you was taking early in making, they ain't dropping no more 'cause we done got in them legs, now you a little tired, You know what I mean? And you're able to get away with a little more as far as physicality. Physicality and, and, and kinda wrestling a little bit. So it's a lot tough than what people think because you gotta go get the 50 but you gotta win by two.

(11m 10s):
Right. You gotta win by two. Wow. So let, lemme ask you a question Joe. What's the secret of dealing with a trash talker? Because I'm sure there are a lot of guys in the NBA that talk about off or he with us self-check, You know, whatever the case they may or whatever the case may be. How do you deal with that? How do you compartmentalize what Joe has to do And while all this these guys are chirping at the benches, like off shot or whatever chirping, how do you deal with that? You gotta go at their ass. You can't sit back and let them, you can't sit back and let them chirp or let them be the aggressive offensively man. You gotta take it to 'em, You know what I mean? Just like, just like anything, you got a guy who's being aggressive man, you gotta take it to him bro. This this what type of game it's gonna be. Okay let's go, let's do it.

(11m 52s):
Yeah. Were there a lot of trash talking in your game on Saturday? It was a lot. Yeah, it was some trash talking but it was mainly just good competition. You know what I mean? It wasn't like nothing overly, but You know, you could see guys kind of get revved up after they score out they make a big play, which is pretty typical, You know what I mean? When you just keep it moving. But in the BIG three it's not make it take it is it? Nah, it ain't make it take it, it ain't make it take it. So, You know, You know Joe, Joe, that's the way we used to play one on one. Make it take it. Yeah. Right. Yeah. You, you ain't hey you don't even want him to get the ball back. Yeah, exactly. If it was make it take it, you'd probably see a lot more lop side of games, You know what I mean? Oh absolutely. Because that's the whole thing. That's why you gotta shoot for it.

(12m 32s):
Nah, gimme the ball. Nah, we shoot for it ain't finna give it to you. Right, right. Yeah. Back in the day when we played especially one-on-ones. Hey it is make it take at 21. Yeah. I hope y'all, y'all probably ain't even touch the ball. Oh yeah. Yeah. I I I love 21 'cause it was every man for himself and band. Look here boy, you got the 19 boy team. The the whole squad was gonna be on you. Hey boy, you better hit the hero. You better hit one of Steph Curry because you were not gonna get nothing easy. No son. Hey look, and then You know, in 21 you can't really call fos so No, when you got 18, 19 you trying to go for the winning bucket. They be fouling everything. Oh no, there ain't no foul. You know? Exactly.

(13m 13s):
Joe, do you think it was like when you first got into the league, were there more trash talking when you first got into the league or when you was leaving it? When I first got in, see, when I first got in I'm came in in oh one, so this kind of, You know, right after the nineties. So you still got a lot of those guys. So Oh, you got kg Well you got kg. Gary Payton, Gary Payton talked to the refs and he, the man like, like they owed him money. You heard me talking about after some of the stuff I heard g say the refs man, I can't even believe he didn't get texts like, You know what I'm saying? It was like conversation. But I'm like wow, like anybody else, they gonna tee you up quick. Right. So you had some certain guys who just had that reputation and the ref knew it, they respected.

(13m 54s):
It's almost kind of like Draymond, You know Draymond get away with a lot, You know? Oh absolutely. A lot of stuff he does is borderline, but he get a, he gets away with far more than what they catch him with. You know what I mean? Yeah. So, but back and I think the thing with Draymond, he's like, let me go and get it out. 'cause I know they don't wanna throw me out the game. Right. So they gonna be real heavy. They gonna gimme a long leash before they throw me out the game. So I'm, I'm gonna push it right up to the, I'm gonna push it up to the limit. Right. And, and if I'm doing it every game, you ain't calling that every game. You ain't gonna call it every game. So they get him every now and then, but for the most part, You know, he get away with a lot. Boy, y'all got a Ooh, that's gonna be a good one. It is. Hey, hey, You know, because You know Beasley, You know Beasley gonna be going at you Joe.

(14m 37s):
I, yeah, but I'm be going right back. I, I don't know what y'all think this is. Yeah, see the thing is people say, and Beasley is a hell of a player, man, it's like, but at the same time you gotta make him work defensively. You can't let him sit and just be comfortable. You know what I mean? Right. Oh yeah. It's gonna, it's gonna be a damn good game. I'm looking forward to it. Ooh, that thing coming. Y'all better tune in IO Joe Bes first to 50 win. It's gonna be a good one baby. The Dallas Mavericks accidentally leaked plans for the number one draft pick on their website with the first pick. The Dallas Maverick and the 2025 NBA draft selects cool Flex worst kept secret in America.

(15m 26s):
Right. They ain't leak nothing. Hey, we already knew what they was doing. Yeah. Who the, y'all think, oh, we thought y'all was gonna take somebody else. I just, I I I honestly, I thought they was gonna probably trade that pick and then go get kd but to my understanding, they keeping it. Yeah. Yeah. They, I thought that that would, that You know, you want a Giannis, I mean I was like, okay, hey, hey, we got number one pick and another big, but I mean, you think about it, the Lakers, I mean the, the Milwaukee they traded Kareem, they traded Ray Allen.

(16m 8s):
So Trading Giannis wouldn't surprise you, man. You can't even do You know what type of team that would be with G You know, without Giannis you ain't, if the Mavericks guy Giannis you, I mean without Kyrie you would still be, I Think you would still be top of the Western conference at least top five with Giannis. And so, so you say if Giannis went to the, if Giannis went to the Mavericks and they had to give up Kyrie, so Giannis and ad Nah, I'm saying if you traded that Cooper flag.

(16m 48s):
Cooper flag, okay. And you had Giannis and ad leading the charge until Kyrie got man. Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Absolutely. I'm talking about the next year, the next year or two you, you could potentially win a win. A title LeVar Ball continues to push the LA Clippers to quit playing and trade for Lalo the Clippers. Bring those GD Boy Ball boys home, let's go get a championship and quit messing around all you fans Who won a championship back in LA? Yes. A whole new arena with the ball boys who ain't going to go up there and watch that show? Who are you giving up to go get Lalo, man.

(17m 29s):
I dunno if they, they're not trading James Harden for him. They're not trading Kawhi and they're not trading Zbox. So you got Norman Powell, you got done. I mean, I, I'm trying to, what, what else? Nah man, the Hornets ain't doing that. Not for they no, of course not. Alison. Not for they young talented guy. And I, I think the thing is maybe look, it's been proven Lalo and Lonzo can play. I don't think Jello LeVar will have to get that one up that that dog ain't gonna hunt. Oh, he still trying to get Jello in the league? Yep. Yeah, they said Jello, jello got a whole new career now. He ain't starting that yet. Yeah, basketball. He, that man ain't trying to come up with a hot another hot single right now.

(18m 9s):
Yeah, he, he's swerving on him. Whoa. Whoa. That's a wrap. That's a wrap. Hey look, he done found his niche. Yeah. Found his niche. Yeah. I mean, I mean, to have two sons, I mean, hey, I mean I I guess it'd be great. I mean 'cause with the holiday, I think it's three holiday boys, right? Yeah. Yeah. And he, they got them in there, but You know all But look, I can, I can understand him wanting, You know, Lalo in la obviously that's his hometown in that new arena. He'll be box off his in there. But if you the Hornets you, you can't do that. Yeah, he box off it, but he's another one man. He gotta do something with them ankles, man. Yeah. His ankles might be worse than Steph Currys.

(18m 51s):
And you remember how Steph had ankle problems early in his career? Yeah, yeah. To try to keep him healthy. Man, they gotta try to find a way. They might, he might need, Hey, call Steph and see what type of braces Steph be wearing, man. 'cause mellow man, every year it is every year there's an injury going on. Just gotta get him on that. Gotta get him on that mean fitness plan on get well the thing, well his dad, his dad's a working, was a workout warrior. His dad played football that, I mean, his jmo got a body like his dad. And you look at Lonzo and Mellow, they got the thin frames. They don't have that, that size and that like the dad had. Yeah, I, but they can. But I think La Melo can get like that wire retrain. I don't think he needs to get bigger. He just needs to get stronger.

(19m 31s):
You know what I mean? Right. Like, like we talked about the other night, you have to, you have to enjoy lifting, you have to lift weights to be able to make it through an entire NBA season. You play too many games on a night to night basis and it wears your body down. And if you're not fueling your body, meaning lifting weights to keep your body strong, you are ultimately gonna deal with these little knickknack injuries. That's just, that's just what it is. Yep. So you gotta get him on this mean fitness plan man. Get him right. It'll be all right.

(20m 2s):
Meta AI is the personal AI that's tailored to you now with its very own app. It's built to get to know you, offering helpful answers and inspiration. Looking for something to add to your bucket list. Meta AI goes beyond traveling the world. It remembers you're a basketball fanatic and suggests you attend one of the playoff games. Just start typing or speaking to get the answers you need, wherever and whenever because meta AI is your personal ai. Download the Meta AI app now available on the Apple App Store and Google Play.

(20m 34s):
When You're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for a P'S preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family, learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.

(21m 4s):
Hello. Hello Malcolm Gladwell here from Revisionist History. You know, I'm always seeking out the story behind the story, looking for bold thinking, brave collaboration, and the kind of game changers who make a real difference in the world. That's why I was truly inspired when I found out about the work 3:00 AM Innovations has been doing to make firefighting safer. The story begins as many do with a problem. How can you keep fire crews informed? Connected and as I mentioned, safe when they're doing their vital work. 3:00 AM innovation solution to this problem is Florian an innovative piece of technology that is already changing the way firefighters communicate from dispatch to unseen activities and even all the way to post fire training efforts. Florian is a powerhouse that offers an unparalleled amount of data for everyone along the command chain. 3D mapping, hydrant status. Automated tracking of crews and more are all available at any moment making the near impossible task of managing a chaotic situation on the ground. Well possible. The whole system is powered by T-Mobile for businesses powerful 5G Network. But it's more than that. 3:00 AM innovations have teamed up with partners like Microsoft, Panasonic, and others to ensure this essential tech is operational when needed most. That spirit of selfless collaboration is just a small part of why T-Mobile for business gave 3:00 AM Innovations. Its 2024. Innovation in community award T-Mobile for business will once again be honoring outside the box thinking like this on October 20th in Orlando, Florida. If your company is a T-Mobile for business customer, you can nominate your team, group, or organization for this unique award show. Head to T-Mobile dot com slash enter. For more details on how to enter, I'll be there. Will you?

(23m 5s):
Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nissen report,

(23m 41s):
Joe, a wife tricks her husbands to get an altar shopping spree. Let's take a look at this video, Joe. All now what? Think you are. Okay. You see this glass of water? If I can drink this glass of water without touching this towel, you have to take me on a OTA shopping spree. Like I ain't gonna hurt you. See your pockets too bad. I'm gonna want like two feet thin new makeup. That's cool. Okay, without touching, without touching the towel, I'll shake on it Left hand bro. It don't count.

(24m 21s):
Wash, wash. Wow. Wow. You done around, you didn't drink nothing, you said no you didn't.

(25m 1s):
It's gone. Ain't nothing. Okay. Bam. Still there. Oh man. When we going to free tomorrow? Ah, that was a good one. That was a good one. I can't believe you fell for that. Hey, hey listen man, they got so many of these different little tricks and trays coming out. Yeah, I thought that was pretty clever though. That was pretty clever. Yeah.

(25m 41s):
Hey hell, I thought, hey, I thought she had drank it too. Hey, Hey. I wouldn't have pulled, I wouldn't have pulled a nap. I was like, hey lemme see. Yeah I probably would've peeked but I wouldn't have pulled it all the way out. Nah, nah, nah, she would've got me with that. No sir. No sir. Hey, see you got got it for a $250 onto shopping Spree. Alright, we about to get outta here on this one. It's time for our final signal of the evening. It's time for q and a. A DAV Smith said Halle is not his superstar.

(26m 21s):
Four mo four points when your team is fighting like crazy. Halle hasn't played goods except for game three A right look and and and with the way them dudes fought tonight, keeping them in the game. Being down by what? On two points in that fourth quarter. Yep. Man, if you get anything, anything from Halle, anything you probably, you probably got a great chance of winning that game. No rush. 75. Big moment Halle. My ble. He lied. Unc he lied. Damn. Hey look, that's the thing about the, hey, that's the thing about today's world, man.

(27m 2s):
Hey, you, you, you, hey they give you nickname bro. Take it back one day. You the hero. Next day you the zero baby, the bold, it's, hey. Yeah, they'll take it back quick. They'll take it back quick. Hey look, that's why you, that's, that's why it's a night to night basis because when you had 'em great performances up, you kind, you gotta follow 'em up. Yes. You can't follow up with no four and six points. Some dude, hey, in today's world they gonna remind you about this here because the internet, because before, before Joe, when you got a name, there wasn't no internet. You ain't nobody can say nothing. So, hey the, the name stuck now. The moment. Yeah there.

(27m 43s):
So that's what you had was a moment. Right. You ain't like that for real though. They gonna always be able to flip it on you and give a chance man. Tyra said, what's up Unc and iso, do you feel like Magic gave up too much for Bain? Does this make the magic contenders in the east going forward? They gave up a lot. I ain't gonna lie. They gave up a lot. They gave up a lot on, but it is an upgrade. Yes. I think it's an upgrade from Calwell Pope and Cole meaning he's a guy who can do multiple things. Obviously he can defend, he can defend, he can shoot it, it object and shoot. So he gonna play great off Pablo and, and and Wagner over there. Yep. So I think they got some great pieces to add him.

(28m 24s):
It's definitely gonna make them a lot better in that Eastern conference for sure. I do. I I agree. I I look thugs come back healthy. So now you got thugs and Bain in the back court. You got Bank Carroll and you got Bogner. Yeah. With Wendell Carter Jr. Yeah. You still got Ison that can back up so it's go Yeah, I like black. So they got some more more Bogner. He's still there I think. I think what I think what Orlando was thinking was they needed more offensive F Power and I think Bains give him that because when you look in the postseason they struggle to get points. Yeah. Pop Ben Carroll, he was special, You know, in the series.

(29m 7s):
But they need other guys to be able to step up to be able to help him out along the way. And I think this will definitely, You know, keep him in the right there in the thick of things. Especially in the Eastern conference. East gonna be wide open next year. Yes, yes, yes. Wide open. I agree. I agree. So don't be surprised if you see them in the semis or the I can, I can see them. Okay. I can definitely see them at the top. It all depends on, let's see how this Milwaukee shapes up with Giannis. Yeah. But Boston is not gonna be the power. They'll be good but they're not winning those 60 games. Not without jt. Nah, I don't think so either. Cleveland gonna beat Cleveland. The question is can Donovan get them over the hump in the postseason?

(29m 48s):
They won 64 games and they got and they got, they got they they got beat four one in the semis I think. I think with Cleveland you, you gotta get the young fella Darius Garland. He has to get helped. I know he just had foot surgery so Yeah we don't know how long it's gonna take him to get back to who he need. They say like four or five months. They said he should be ready for training camp. I think that's for hurt them in the postseason too. I do too because he missed a few games and you put so much on, on Mitch or who? Donovan Mitchell? Yeah, on Donovan Mitchell. Donovan Mitchell to to be sensational night in, night out. Now he was special but he needed some help along the way. Yeah. And having Darius Garland, You know, elite Guard play, You know that's, that's, that's essential.

(30m 32s):
Especially having it in the postseason Avenue 77. Yes. I think Memphis is trying to set up for Bronny James the next two to three years you're gonna have teams tanking also. You got Meow son, Gil's son, LeBron's son coming to Memphis in the next two to three years. Memphis is getting a headstart on them picks. Nah, I don't see that. I don't see, I think either, I think, I think they going to ride or die with Ja and JJ and hopefully those guys, those guys can, You know, take 'em to the next level man because they got some, they got some nice comparable pieces to those dudes. You know, they, they got some pieces over there they can help 'em. They, they just gotta, You know, get focused man and get, get back to that elite play.

(31m 15s):
Keep Ja Healthy. Smith said no way in God Green Earth is ba worth four picks, four picks Pope and cold them short. Rex arms magic must be that powder. Hey listen, magic, magic say they needed it. They needed some help man. So they was willing to overpay a little bit, You know. Yeah, they definitely overpaid. Yeah. So I don't know what the Grizzlies can do with those two peaks. Hopefully, You know, they can get some, some, some pieces. Well you get a, if you, if you in a situation where you can get a a, a Chet home run Or you can get a Jalen Williams, you gonna be looking good to go to Memphis. Yeah. If you the the draft picks.

(31m 55s):
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You saying? Yeah those draft picks add up there. Yeah. Yeah. You good? Well only time will tell for that but Yeah. And the thing is are are you gonna be bad enough to get those? Because the thing is Orlando said we not gonna be bad enough so y'all going the picks ain't gonna be no lottery picks. Right. So we're anticipating it's kinda like we're anticipating being 28th, 29th or 30th. So that's where you gonna be getting picks from. Right. So we ain't worried about, that's why we didn't protect them 'cause we not gonna be, we don't need to. Right, right. I I agree. I agree. Grizzly AK Grid said people just don't understand how physical is and how much work you put a 30 piece nugget.

(32m 38s):
It was a joy to see live. Thanks for the love show. All all us fans wouldn't let you replenish. They say they, this guy say he saw you up close and parcel Joe dropped that 30 piece on him. Oh man, look, whatever it takes for us to get a win. We got off to a, we got off to a real slow start. I'm gonna give credit when credit is due. I thought Mantra Harriss hairs Montreal? Yeah, Montreal Harrell. Oh yeah, Montreal was special. He was great. He he is, he's perfect. Like what you call him? Who they say, they say you was Twan, Twan was kept call my Rick bust said what did he call him? He call him, what did he call him a a Tyler hamburger?

(33m 21s):
He called him Man Tyler hamburger. Yeah. He said y'all one player Rick Bronson. I said that's his dad. That's the curse. And he was so locked in on his story. He wasn't even, yeah, he, he called I, I think, I think he, he called, I don't know what he calls she gorgeous or something. Hey listen, but I think Montrell was he gonna be great for the league? I think Lil Nas who is a YouTube sensation, he, he played great against us. So the, the the the, You know it's it is, it's looking up for the, for those guys. They just gotta continue to work man. We was able to make a mean comeback. Yeah. Like I say man this is the big three is different. Huh? This ain't about the time.

(34m 1s):
We ain't playing against the time. You gotta have guys who can get you a bucket period. Point blank. Yeah. Yeah. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy said hey fam, hope Father's Day was full of love. Laughs maybe some nice gifts and good people. You all deserve that. Thank you Doc. It was great. We didn't do too much. You know had little, little oxtails for dinner. Yeah, the little oxtail played from Paradise pal, pal Palace. But other than that I ain't really do too much. Yeah. Me neither. Me, me and the kids. Me and my lady, we all just chilled out here at the crib. They cooked, we hung out, You know, watch. Oh, you got 'em the grill? You got 'em to grill Joe? No, no. I said my lady, my lady cook. My lady. Oh, okay. Yeah, her and her and the kids, they cook.

(34m 41s):
Had a nice little spread for your boy. We just chilled out. Hey look, I aint, Hey look I ain't hard to please. Like, I like, I like I'm a simple guy, You know what I mean? We ain't got to do the extreme now. Yeah, okay. The be talking like you be throwing that thing, You know you be skewing like that. Hey all now. Hey, hey, I can do a little something. I can do a little something man. You know what I mean? You can, I I I will hit you up when I get there. So I, I gotta pay off my debt. 'cause I already, every time you come over here to my up when you go pay me by debt, that's, that's what I'm talking about baby. That's you. Hey, you grill up. No, no, no. If I was going have a, if I was going to have something at the house, I'm gonna hire somebody.

(35m 22s):
I'm gonna have somebody that can, that's gonna get on the grill. Don't put a don put a little spread together, You know? Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That I I that's a lot of work boy. That's a lot of work. It is. Yeah. Yeah. And you got some people who, who live for that though. Unc they love, they do when they grew cooking. Yeah. And I ain't one of them. I ain't one of them guys now. I ain't one of them guys now I got homies who, Hey look, every chance they get to get on the grill, they gonna do it. Hey, when you, when you gonna be in town? Right. Oh man, we gonna skew. Yeah man, we gonna have some Turkey legs over here. We got. Yeah, man, I remember I, when I first got to Denver, I was a but because my apartment wasn't gonna be ready man, I was staying, I stayed with Melvin Bratton for like a month and then I stayed with Bobby Humphrey for like two weeks.

(36m 4s):
Man. They had me go out, we go out to the club, we come back at two o'clock in the morning. We on the, they on the grill. I said, man, who the hell, who the hell And Denver skewing at two o'clock in the morning that's here. Them I'm just, hey, do you want some happy No, I'll going back and two ain two, three in the morning. Hell, hell, I, I ain't, bro, we gotta, we gotta be working nine o'clock. Right? Oh no. Right. I ain't never been one of them guys neither. Kim Norwood Jr. Said, oh, and Joe, my question is, what are your top four Marvel movies and if, if you were a superhero besides the incredible Hulk, who would you be?

(36m 48s):
Man, I'm, I've always, You know, had a little infatuation with like, Batman. All right. I, I ain't, I ain't seen all these Avengers and all that but Right. Yeah. You like me? Yeah. Yeah. I love watching, You know, Batman, the Superman's like, I love a nice little storyline, You know what I mean? So you're right. I was, I I've always been hooked to Batman though. Yeah. So Marvel has the halls of Justice, right? Yeah. Is that the one that have the halls of Justice? Justice League? Yeah. I ain't gonna even sit here and lie to you. Act like I done watched all that. Yeah. Iron Man. I don't wanna be no Captain America Iron Man.

(37m 34s):
I, they, they say Batman's superhero, but he ain't got no superpowers. Take that bat belt off of he just a regular man. Get his ass beat out. Well he always had a kryptonite. He always your age bat. But, but Superman, Superman can fly. Yeah. Superman got the breath. He can see Batman. All he got is Belt. Batman ain't no superpower. Batman. Batman has some antics to him now. He can, he can glide through their Oh, but he got a car but he, he the only one that could drive around it. Think about it. Everybody else can fly. They can do something, but he can't do nothing. So you saying you want, you, you saying you want, you want superpowers, you want to have a superpower? I wanna be able to be invisible.

(38m 15s):
I wanna be able to be able to fly. That's what I'm talking about. I'm gonna be able to do something that, that I think that being invisible is probably the, the best one. Yeah, I agree with you on that. But I don't know. I I, I'm, I just always like Batman. Yeah. So movies Iron Man. I like the Iron Man. I do like that. What what about blank Man? You ain't, you ain't, you ain't like blank man. Oh, you amazing. You talking about with J five, I love Blank Man Ain't, listen, listen, I should be hard because black man, black man had some issues And Then, You know, people be like, man, he was la at, at the, the challenge.

(39m 6s):
No I'm not. But I'm saying man, black man have no damn power. He know he has. Hey, That's a classic movie bro. That's a classic blank man was a classic boy. Hey Cupcake mama said, Hey guys, I make the best homemade banana pudding below the Mason Dixon. You do know the Mason Dixon run pretty far. Cupcake mama. I even make my own cookies. Would you guys like to try it? Damn. The Mason Dixon. Do You know how far the Mason Dixon is?

(39m 47s):
Mason Dixon? Actually DC falls below the Mason Dixon. Hold on. So where where she, where she at though? Well she say she be, I don't know where she at, but she say she make the best banana pudding below the Mason Dixon. So at DC falls below the Mason Dixon, Baltimore, Maryland. That's below the Mason Dixon, don't let people fool you. They say it's not. But if you go back and look at the Mason Dixon, absolutely. It's below the, I like banana pudding cupcake, mama, where, where are you located? And I like her confidence too. I'm rolling with, she said she make the best, the best. Banana pudding. Yep. I like banana pudding. You know people don't, people using bis cough cookies now they using those other ones.

(40m 28s):
What do they call No, not vanilla wafers. No, no. That people done got away from those. They're like the Yeah, like those short. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That would've went. Now I don't, I I don't, I don't like a whole lot of bananas in mine though. I like the cookies. I, I, if you careful you come in, you better that'll put that, have all the cookies scraped off the top of Yeah. And I the same way. But miss me with all them bananas. I can, I can handle a little bananas. Not, I don't want it fully loaded with bananas. Every scoop I take, I make no bananas. And I mean, Hey Joe, as Joe just want cookies. He just want some soft ass cookies. Cookies in that pudding baby.

(41m 9s):
Let's get to it. I'm like, that's what I want. Oh man. Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. The OKC Thunder Go up their one win away for winning the first NBA title thanks to a 1 21 0 9 Victory over the Pacers. They got 40 points from Jalen Williams and they got another 31 points from Shea Gils as they win one 20 to 1 0 9 or one win away from winning the very first NBA title. Thank you for joining us. I am your favorite Uncle Shannon Sharp. My partner tonight that brought it to us was ISO Joe Johnson, Arkansas, little Rock Navy, university of Arkansas Love and yes, earlier.

(41m 50s):
And to help us break down this game, we had also another University of Arkansas alum three times all defensive. Patrick Beverly p Bev, we really thank you for joining us tonight. Joe, thank you for filling in. Thank you. Tomorrow, me and bun b, Bun B on the mic, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button. And guys go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We want to thank each and every one of you for your ears, your eyes, and word of mouth to help Nightcap become what has become. Because without you, we could not have done any of this. So thank you again very much.

(42m 30s):
Please make sure you check out Shea by La Poitier. We have it in stock and if you can't find it any city or state near you, although we're coming shortly, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. The best tasting premium BSOP cognac on the market. I'm about to be back in the market at bottle signings and so we'll post that in the very, very near future. So within the next two to three weeks, I will be coming to a market near you. Please make sure you go follow my media company page on all of this platform, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with the link being pinned in the chat supply them limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Again, the OKC thunder are one win away from winning the first NBA title thank to A 1 21 0 9 Victory, Jalen Williams, 40.6 rebounds, 3 0 5 and three four From the three point line he scored the second most points and A and franchise history in an NBA finals game.

(43m 28s):
So that concludes this episode of Nightcap. I am up. He's ISO Joe. Thank you guys for joining us, Joe, see you on Thursday. All right, baby, appreciate y'all. Yes, sir. The volume

(43m 45s):
When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school because family supports family at American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you As a military spouse, your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.

(44m 14s):
When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely

(45m 4s):
Future health. Weight loss WA ozempic but can't afford thousands a month. You need Wegovy for $399, all in no hidden fees. The only FDA approved GLP one for weight loss at the lowest price. Yet save hundreds on authentic, safe, effective, wegovy pre dosed injection pens for a limited time, no insurance needed, no tricky syringes, just faster weight loss. Get this limited time deal@futurehealth.com today for the best price on the market. These meds eliminate hunger and cravings. While future health handles the rest easy. Join those losing 10 pounds their first month. Plus you don't have to drive to a doctor's office. It's all online via telehealth with licensed clinicians in your area. Go to future health.com to see if you qualify and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com future without the e Future health weight loss Data based on independent study, sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed providers discretion.

(46m 4s):
Okay, have you heard about this last year degree Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they eped up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.

(46m 36s):
This is an IHeart podcast.