
The following ad is sponsored by Pet's. Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from pet's Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pets Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get up to 90% on eligible Vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered and administered by Pets Best Insurance Services, LLC or underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company, or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com/policy.


What's good, Justin Jefferson? Here Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds, To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. Check out bows.com.


The holidays are here at the Home Depot. So let's get to decorating. Find your Perfect Tree in our huge assortment of shapes, sizes, and styles. Like the easy to assemble Jackson Noble Fur with pre-lit branches, perfect for styling with all your favorite ornaments, or the flocked Starry light Frazier fur. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that keep their shape so it's ready right out of the box. Ooh, find the perfect tree now at the Home Depot and enjoy free delivery on most holiday decor subject to availability. See home depot.com/delivery for details.


Thursday night football is on, and it's only on Prime Video. There he goes. This week the AFCs oldest rivalry is reignited as the Pittsburgh Steelers visit the Cleveland Browns. Wow. What a play here. Coverage begins with TNF Tonight. Not a Prime member Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Steelers and Browns Thursday only on Prime. Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit s hsu.edu today to get started.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draft King customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bet bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet just five bucks only on Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Ocho, we got an update. Jamar chases anger with the team's inability to close that game. Ask how do you fix it? He said, ask Zach, ask the coaches. Don't ask me. I just play football. I don't call plays. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Who Said that? Chase. Oh, A situation where they had a first, they had, they ended up getting the first down. Right, But Joe missed Jamar for a touchdown. Guys pressed he inside released and the guy collided. Yep. Yeah. And he went straight up the field and when he threw it, he was jumping up and down. Joe didn't see him. I tweeted it, I saw it. They didn't replay it, but I saw it.


I saw it. Yeah. And sometimes, you know, your quarterback won't always see everything. He won't know what's going to happen. And the fact that the guys collided, that means the ball really won't come you anyway because you nope. You, you wasn't to reach And hold on on that touchdown. I ocho let this slipped my mind. Ocho Which, which, which one? Which one on one On the long touchdown to T Higgins? Yes, Sir. The got him bracketed. Why? If the safety is inside, why is the corner trying to jump the slug on stay on the Upfield shoulder? Oh, oh, he, oh, he trying to get that pick, huh? He trying to get that pick. I just say he trying to get that pick, huh?


Oh, Oh, somebody said they replayed it. I didn't see it, but I, but I, I, but I, I tweeted immediately, and I know, I was like, bro, y'all got to play off. You can't be that close when you like that. Because what's gonna happen when he pushes up the field and one guy goes, and Hey, y'all gonna collide. And sure enough, but that's this frustration he collide. He knows, yeah, he knows they're running outta games and there are no two win games on the schedule. Which means what? I mean when people say two win game, a game in which you win and you get two victories for it, there aren't any of those on the schedule. So he knows this was a game. This could've started something, something really, really, really, really good.


Now look, and, and the thing is, Ocho, you know, you don't wanna go into the battle with a loss. Damn. That, that hurt ojo that ruined your whole body. I don't care what anybody say, they lying. If they say it, it does. It's gonna sting, it's gonna stink. And then, you know what it does too also? Huh? It put that much pressure on you. It put that much more pressure on you on the game coming up. Who, who? We gotta steal this, right? Yeah. But, but y'all got a five week this week, and t Higgins, oh yeah. T Higgins was frustrated with the saying, he, we can't finish a effing game. Yeah, them boys hot bro. Them, them boys hot. But what we need to do, it ain't even about finishing the game.


We need to start that. Hey, we didn't start, well, we had the opportunity to finish it and we missed two field goes, Joe, your missed back to back field goes down. And the same way you hooked it left. Damn bro. You didn't make no adjustment. Hey, listen, the most di the most difficult, one of the most difficult positions on the field is kicker. It is kicker. You know, one slight adjustment, one slight mistake, a swing of the leg, you knocking your head down at the ball, you know, allowing your, allowing your foot to, to sway a little further left than it should. It changes the tra trajectory of the ball. So as a, as a kicker myself, I understand the difficulties that comes when it comes kicking the ball, right?


So McPherson, all you gotta do, you go back to your basics. Same thing with Justin Tucker. You go back to your basics. Go back to your basic fundamentals. When, when it comes to kicking the ball and start all the way over, start all the way over and be yourself. Back up. Mike Brown Gonna kick himself in because boy chase about to hit them over the head. Oh Yeah, big time. No they don't, Joe. And the thing is, he ain't even got no mask. Y'all know it's him. So when you hear something pitch in the back of the head, just tell the cops, j Jamar, chase just robbed us, right? Jets continue. Their, their continue to be terrible. The Colts go on the road and they win. Aaron Rogers works winning percentage. Then Zach Wilson and Sam Donald in a Jets uniform winning percentage of starting quarterbacks for the Jets.


Zach Wilson, 360 4, Sam Donald, 3 42, Aaron Rogers 2 73. The jet fired Robert Sala when the team was two and three, one game, one game out of first place in the a c the team, three losses at the time, 49 ERs five and five Bronco, six, five Vikings, eight and two Denver, Minnesota were one score losses with the Jets offense, failing to score in the, on their final possession since they fired Robert Sala. The New York Jets are one in five. So Who they going, who they gonna point the blame at? Now I'm just curious, The media, Who they gonna point the vote At the media?


When Aaron Rogers talked, who is he going to blame that the Media? Well, he can't blame, he can't blame Mike Williams. But the media, if the extens in the building, because they've been losing so long, and these guys don't understand what it takes to win, he ain't gonna blame, he ain't gonna put it on himself now. Oh, you waiting on, oh, you thought he gonna say him? I, I, I would hope so. I, I would think at some point, understanding that you are the leader of that team. That at some point you take accountability. You take accountability for the fact that maybe I'm not playing well, maybe I'm not playing as, as good as I should be to give us an, a chance to win in those moments when it counts most. Am I making the throws?


Am I making the plays to give my team the best chance to win? You know what? Right now I'm not playing Well, not once, not once. Have we heard that at all? Damn E The numbers before itself? Yes. Mess, mess, mess. That's what they need to be shouting. I would go to there with fire Marshal is on one side. I'm gonna be on the other side. ME ass ass mess, mess, mess. I, I'm just, I run out people now. Look, you blame Roberts, you blame? Yeah. What's the, what's the coordinator?


Hackett. Nathaniel Hackett. You blame Mike Williams? I wanna know who next. Yeah, I'm just waiting on, I'm just waiting on the roll call who next chap. Who next who get blamed? Hey again, the funny thing about it is this has been an ongoing issue. Whether Aaron Rogers was there or not, regardless of what quarterback was at the hel, regardless of what quarterback was there in that situation, the gist have always had this problem for a very long time, for a very long time. They haven't had a winning season for a, but I thought, hold on. I thought he found the Fountain of Youth. What about that cayenne pepper in water? I thought that was a fountain of youth. Fountain of youth water.


What about, what about when he, you know, hold on. What'd he say? You gotta embrace the darkness. I thought we embracing darkness. I thought we on our house of Walker about was WUSA or whatever. It's you done that stuff, that get the hot, the hallucinogenic properties in it, it cause you to go outta your mind. Maybe you need to take another trip. I mean, hey, they got a game next week, but why don't you go on vacation? I mean, it ain't required, you know, games, you know, it's sometimes they're mandatory, sometimes they're voluntary. So maybe you take a, you know, take a voluntary trip, just go away. Right? I mean, three and eight, what you think, what you think the Jeff's record would be without him?


If I'm three and eight with him I three, you don't think I'd go three and eight without him and save 50 million? Yeah, yeah, yeah. But you paying, paying for what you think you're gonna get, you're paying for what you think you're gonna get from the past and what he's done in the past based on his resume. That's what you're Paying for. But see, that's what I love about sports. Yeah. Because it's the One thing that you require. You update your resume every single week. Got to you got to, oh, Oh, you got this great resume. Oh, it's unbelievable. It's impeccable. Yeah. Janet Jackson said it best. She said, what have you done for me lately though? But you know what, you know what's funny? You know, they always extend a certain position, grace, when it comes to what they've done in the past.


Well, that, that's what they think. They always extend a certain, a certain quarter, a certain position. They extend them grace based on what they've done in the past. I don't, I believe Ocho, I am a, this is how I believe, I believe Yes, sir. That there has never been a player or a person that's been above reproach. I don't give you what you deserve. I give you what you earn. He's earned the criticism in which we are leveling against him. Everybody knows, if you know me, if you follow Shannon Sharp for my time on undisputed, I've been Aaron Rogers biggest supporter. Do I think he's arrogant? Yes. Do I think he's flippant? Yes. Do I think he's condescending? Yes.


Do I think he's dismissive? Yes. Do I think he blames others for his mistakes? Absolutely. But I say he's one of, he's the greatest thrower of the football that I've ever seen with my own two eyes. Yeah. And I believe too, I believe I can fairly assess, do I like how he's treated some of the blame others? No, but that doesn't stop me from doing my job job and saying he's a damn good when he plays. Well, I have no problem saying, Aaron Rogers has played well for seven and a half years. But I know, but I've talked to people.


I know people, and we'll just leave it at that. But hey. Right, and you are right. A lot of times when someone is so great, you are willing to overlook their flaws. That's a good one right there. And that's with anything, it's just not with sports, somebody that's really good at something, you allow them to do a lot of things that you wouldn't allow somebody else to do. Right. But what I think the thing that I love most about a person, about, about people that have power is they, they don't abuse it. John knew John could miss practice and he could not be at many camps or he could do something never.


Never. Right. But see, when you blow, when you blow it off, see there's, see there's a difference between being able to influence people and being able to lead people. Now don't y'all let that go over your head.


The following ad is sponsored by Pet's. Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from pet's Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pets Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get up to 90% on eligible vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered in administered by pets. Best Insurance Services LLC are underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company, or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com/policy.


Attention parents and grandparents, are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest, and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What makes Guardian bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to the thoughtful engineering, lightweight frames and kid friendly components, kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in the USA factory, ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus, get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bike.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for Business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism in addressing transportation barriers. These tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile Congratulates Easterseals, Southern California for their unconventional thinking,


The holidays are officially here at the Home Depot, which means it's time to deck the halls and your home with festive cheer. If you're on the hunt for the perfect tree, we've got you covered. Explore our huge assortment of trees in all shapes, sizes and styles designed to fit any holiday vibe and every holiday budget. Like the Jackson Noble Fur, it's not only super easy to assemble, but it also comes pre-lit with 1200 color changing bulbs and multiple lighting functions. Or maybe the Flocked Starry light. Frazier fur is more your style. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that hold their shape, this tree's ready to shine right out of the box. Ooh, Wow. Whether it's trees, wreaths, or twinkling lights, we've got everything you need to make your home holiday ready. So shop now@homedepot.com and enjoy free delivery on most holiday decor subject to availability. See Home depot.com/delivery for details.


Now streaming on Prime Video. You Can call me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best. And created by Ben Watkins, Multiple victims I connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't care for what Ms. Kler thinks. He's the smartest guy in the room. It's a lot of sick speakers out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldi Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance. Again. 30 years knowing Cross, I learned to trust his gut against inside's head. The clock's ticking. It was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do you think you can stop him? I know I can't because I know I'm better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime. Video watch. Now


Detroit was fired on all cylinder today. Ojo, if they demolished the Jags 52 to six Lion set a franchise record for Margin of Victory plus 46 total yards. 645. First Downs, 38. Detroit scored touchdowns on each of its first seven offensive possessions. The lions are only the third team in the past 45 years to do it. The two are the Patriots, the 2009 Patriots and the 2007 Patriots. A team, you might remember when every game they played that season until the Super Bowl. So Jerry Goff was 24 of twenty nine, four hundred and twelve yards, four touchdowns, zero picks.


They ran the ball 43 times, 196 yards. And they had four 40. They had 449 total passing yards. They took golf out. Herndon Hooker came in. He was three or four. Ahman, Ahman, Roth, St. Brown, 11 catchers, 1 61, 2 tubs. Jamon Williams, four for 1 24 touchdown. Jamir Gibbs one catch 54 yards Khali Raymond, two catchers, 30 yards, so forth and so on. And a partridge in a pear tree. Hey, how you stop that man When they like that? How you, how do you stop that when you getting contributions from everywhere, from your running game, from your passing game?


You got two receivers going over a hundred. You can't find a way to stop aro. You can't find a way to stop Jameson Williams. Then you gotta deal with the running game. You gotta deal with Montgomery crazy. You gotta deal with s the Hedgehog and Jamir Gibbs. There's nothing you can do. And then defensively, they pan defensively. You got Brian Branch crazy and the rest of that company out there, they plan extremely well. Mean what? I mean, what do you do? What do you do? You hang up 52. This is the NFL game. This is the NFL game against another NFL team. A NFL team that's supposed to be the best of the best. I know it's the Ja. I know it's the Jags. I know it's the Jags, but still these are the one percenters.


These are the one percenters in the world where we are just display our best players that we had to choose from in a, in a draft in free agency or however they were acquired. I think they got 52 points hung up on them. Unc Lamar says he can't explain his one in three record versus the Steelers heading into Sundays Road show down against the Steelers. Lamar was asked why he struggles against the Pittsburgh more than any other team. Hello? I don't know what it is, man. Last year we were supposed, huh? Defense Last year. But he's a two time MVP. Yeah, but you going against the Steelers defense, I'm not calling him the steel curtain, but they play extremely, they play defense extremely well. Not only that, this is, this is a divisional opponent.


Yeah. But every time you play a divisional opponent, they know all your tendencies. They know what's coming. So why he have such success against Cincinnati? Don't do that. The Bengals. You, You ain't had to do that. I just asking you. I I'm just saying He's won three against the Steelers. He's 17 or five against everybody else. Yeah, you, you ain't had to do that though. You ain't had to bring up the Bengals. You ain't had to take no shot. Because we talking about the, we talking about the, I ain't Taking, taking no shots. You Took a shot. The reporter asked him why does he struggle against that team more so than any other team in the league. I told you, I told you the defense. The defense, okay. And the difference is, and you just said it just now, the, the Steelers defense is very, very good. They're very, very good. Now, the Bengal defense, you know, I I I don't mean no disrespect, we are not what we should be to be able to compete with the Ravens offensively in Lamar Jackson.


That running game, that, that, that's, that's the answer. Now, what team has the personnel to deal with Lamar Jackson and King Henry the dealers. Yeah. I think Highsmith is out. But you got TJ Watt, you know, you have a solid, you have a solid mid-level game. Joy Porter Jr. Playing good football, man. Man, you what, what more can you ask for? And then you got Mike Thompson the genius over there. He said, I don't know what it is, man. Last year we were supposed to beat them, but things that just, just didn't go our way. The football guards weren't on our side. But it's a whole other year. It's a new year. And I'm looking forward to this game. Lamar's one and three against the Steelers, he's 17 and five against the other a FC North teams.


Pittsburgh is the only team against which he's thrown more interceptions seven than he has touchdown passes four. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, think things, things might change. I, I think, I think obviously out of, out of all the games are slated for Sunday, this might be the most interesting, the most interesting in the best game out outside of the bills in Kansas City, outside of Bills in Kansas City. This might be the best game. Well, look, I think people are looking forward to this, this game. It's a rivalry game. Yeah. This is an opportunity like for the division, I think the division lead will be on the line with this one. And so the Ravens would have the advantage because they beat the Steelers head to head.


Obviously the, the, the bills. We've seen these teams play so many times in the playoffs. I think the Kansas City is three and oh against them in the playoffs, but I think they've only won one regular season game against the bills. Yeah. So that's the only thing that matters. The bills in the regular season are three and one against the Chiefs. Yeah. But oh and three in the pool seasons. And that's, that's the only thing that Patrick Al cares about. Yeah. And you look at Brady, there are a lot of guys that had winning records against Brady. Well, not a lot of guys, because Brady didn't lose no time regular season postseason or preseason. That, that, that, that joke. Man ain't, we don't ever, I don't think we gonna ever see anything like that. Like, not, not, not the amount of games that he played and relative to wins and losses.


ocho Yeah. I don't think we're gonna see that again. No, I don't, I don't, I I honestly don't. I mean, you gotta think about it, the man had what they won division damn near every year except the year he got hurt. So we can't hold that against him. Right. But when he played, they won the division and they're gonna win normally about 11 games. Even on a bad year. Good year, they're gonna win 14 a bad year. They're gonna win 11. Yeah. And so he did that for them to 20 years or my, my bad, for 23 years. Yeah. Let that, yeah. I don't think we're gonna see, we're not gonna see that again. It is like, you know, guys in baseball, when they won five guys, pitchers won. I don't know if we're gonna see another 300 game winner in baseball Four.


I know. We ain't seeing no 400. That's, you know, what Walter Johnson did and Sandy Colfax. Right. You're not seeing that guys winning 353 game that you are not gonna see that anymore. Guys winning 200, I think Brady was damn near won 300 games. Ain't no NFL player winning 300 games, don't you? Right. It ain't, it ain't gonna happen. But I'm glad I got an opportunity to see it. I'm glad I'm, I'm old enough to see some of the greats. I remember when Montana came into the league and got an opportunity to play when he was in the league and play with Elway and, and, and Marino and, and Steve Young and a lot of these quarterbacks. But to see Peyton and, and, and, hey, I was in the league when, when he was my Pro Bowl quarterback Right. In 2001.


Peyton Manning, Steve McNair. But it was, it's always great to, like, you have a greater appreciation when you see the, what the game was and where it is and how it progressed. And to see the, the, the young guns come in. So, you know what? It's always great. I'm glad, I'm glad you say that. I'm, I'm glad you just said that. And I talk about this all the time. I have a, a, a group chat with most of the Bengal players that played with me in that 2005 season. tj, you know, Sean, big Willie, Corey, Dillon, Peter war, and we talk about where the game is today and how the game was when we played. And most of them taking into consideration that the game was a little bit more difficult during our era and the era before us, as opposed to how it is now.


And today's era football is, they use the word for, For the mental lack Of better terms to a little water down. Yeah. I, I don't know Exactly. Well, it's not nearly as physical ojo. We know that. And we understand. And the thing is, we understand why. We understand Yeah. The trauma, the head trauma, the repeated trauma, and they're trying to make the game as safe as they possibly can. Right. And I think we all, we all want that. I know fans like this is put flags on them. But guys, the league is not trying to get sued for billions and billions of dollars. Oh. Oh. You keep getting sued. You, your company goes bankrupt. This, this, this is what we need to say. We, this is what we need to say. We're trying to make the game safer, but on the back hand, we're just trying to make sure we can protect that so we don't get sued 10 years.


Yeah. But everybody know. Yeah, but you know that, don't you? Yeah. Every, every everybody knows that. But in the pro look, it's an inherently dangerous game. Yeah. Oh yeah. It's an inherently dangerous game. We're trying to make the game as safe as possible, but in the process of making it safer. Yeah. The physicality, a lot of the physicality has been legislated out of the game. Yeah. I ain't got no problem. I don't have a problem with it. Yeah. Yeah. Ly I'm glad it wasn't there when I was there because the kickoff like that. How am I gonna show you what I forgot if I don't come down there and bust somebody? Yeah. I, I be ocho that just standing still and let the guy catch the ball and then I take off. Nah, I need to get ahead of steam and run down there and try to peel somebody's cap.


I'm trying to split your dome. Okay. Yeah. Split his dome up. Huh? You got you, you got me hyped. You know, you know I, I used to be, I was the wedge buster. My rookie up. You ain't no wedge buster. You too little. You got, you ain't got enough bricks in your back pocket to Nah, to bust no wedge. Oh. Ask Marvin if you see Marvin. I was the wedge buster. Huh? Nah. 'cause back then you do realize they could have a four man, they could have a three and a four man wedge. Yeah. And they used to, They used to link arms. Yes. Yeah. You wasn't no wedge buster. We, we played, we played the Ravens. Right. My rookie year we played the Ravens. Right. I was the wedge buster. I went down and a DiUS Thomas. Remember a DiUS Thomas? Yeah, I know. Ad Yeah, Man. He, they had a DiUS Thomas in the wedge. Man, I ran right through him.


I don't about, I cracked his face mask. We gonna have to, we gonna have to find some footage of you busing being in the way. Listen, they Got, Hey, I can, I can get the footage for you at NFL Films. I can get footage. Well, you got, you have to get, you have to get that footage because Yeah. That, that wed, I wanted no parts of the wedge. Let me play by three. Let me get on down there and, and Oh yeah. And protect the numbers. Ain't nothing coming up. The numbers I'm built different. Huh? I'm, I'm, nah, I I was, I was, I was a savage on the field. You, you wasn't built like me, man. You ain't got you, you ain't got no bricks in your back pocket. It ain't about the bricks. I got this right here. Unc. I got this right here. Everybody Got this. Why Ocho why you think they took the wedge out?


'cause of me? Because it didn't matter how much hard. If you, if think about it, you one man, let's just say you two 50 and they got a thousand pounds. Right. What you going do with that? But see, unc, oh, you gotta be, listen, unc, physics, baby physics, if it's four men, right? Yeah. Out of the four that's right there. There's always a weak link. You always pick on the weak link if you getting jumped, if you getting jumped, you don't, you don't, you don't try to fight the the SW dude. You pick on the weak link and you swing on his first to set the tone. The following ad is sponsored by Pet's Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from pet's Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't.


With perfect timing. Pets Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get up to 90% on eligible vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered and administered by Pets. Best Insurance Services, LLC or underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company, or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com/policy. Attention parents and grandparents, are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest, and quickest bikes for kids to learn on.


Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times wire cutter Top Kids Bike pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year.


Save up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus, get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bike.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding. Congratulations to 3:00 AM Innovations on their first place. Win for innovation in community. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business 3:00 AM used T-Mobile 5G to enable Florian the first AI enabled incident command platform for first responders. Florian's features include real-time tracking of personnel on A 3D map and voice activation.


AI is used to filter out background noise until it hears a trigger word such as mayday, increasing situational awareness on the ground and improving onsite safety. This will shape rapid response moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates three for their unconventional thinking. The holidays are officially here at the Home Depot, which means it's time to deck the halls and your home with festive cheer. If you're on the hunt for the perfect tree, we've got you covered. Explore our huge assortment of trees in all shapes, sizes and styles designed to fit any holiday vibe and every holiday budget. Like the Jackson Noble Fur, it's not only super easy to assemble, but it also comes pre-lit with 1200 color changing bulbs and multiple lighting functions.


Or maybe the flocked starry light. Frasier fur is more your style. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that hold their shape, this tree's ready to shine right out of the box. Ooh, Wow. Whether it's trees, wreaths, or twinkling lights. We've got everything you need to make your home holiday ready. So shop now@homedepot.com and enjoy free delivery on most holiday decor. Subject to availability. See Home depot.com/delivery for details. Now streaming on Prime Video. You can call me Detective Alex Cross Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross. You've been doing this a long time and you're the best.


And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for foot. Ms. Killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. There's a lot of sicks out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. S Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross. I learned to trust his gut. Get inside his head. The clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. You think you can stop him? I know I can't. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself.


Cross a new original series only on Prime, Video watch. Now Cam Newton believes he's been erased and forgotten by the Panthers. I'm like, damn, I gave this city everything. He says he's not an even, he's not even in any pictures of him inside the stadium. Damn. They ain't got no pictures of my dog. That's what he said. I don't, I don't know. I I haven't been, I haven't been to the stadium since I played in it. I don't, I I don't, I think I've been to the Panther Stadium maybe once, but I mean, I mean it should for everything that he has done for that team.


Obviously getting him to a Super Bowl. Him being an MVP at one at one point as well. I'm not sure he is statistically when it comes to the quarterbacks that have played for the Panthers or organization. But for what he has done in the legend that he is, I mean, I would think he would have some type of memorabilia. Pictures. Hell, a statue. I think he also belongs in the Hall of Fame. I I would think Cam is the Hall of Fame quarterback as well. I'm not sure if there was any type of rift with him and the owner, whoever. Obviously Dave Teer, Dave Teer is the owner. I'm not sure if there was any bad blood when Cam might have left. But to me, me personally watching Cam and, and what he's done throughout his career. Chad, I don't know how you guys feel about it, but I think he should be remembered as a legend that he is and what he had done for that organization.


Chad, what are your thoughts? Because UNC left. So it'd just be, it's just me and you guys right now. What you think Shook Cam? What? Ring of Honor name on name on the stadium. Maybes saying a statue outside. That might be a little too much because he wasn't able to win, you know, win them a championship. But what Cam has done, his resume speaks for itself and how he galvanized that, that, that that stadium. The kids, the fans, that community, hell that team for that matter. What y'all think Cam is one of the two best players? One of the three best player, four best players. So if you like Smitty, you like Julius Peppers, you like Luke Kiley, cam Newton, Sam Mills, those are your five best players.


I don't care to rank 'em. You can rank 'em wherever you want to. Right. But those are your five best players. And you talk about a franchise that's 30 years of age. So therefore I believe your five best players, they should always have a montage. Yeah. On somewhere when you walk into the stadium, when you walk into the facility, those five players should be always present. Yeah. Yeah. And most de most definitely your quarterback. Most def, most definitely your quarterback. So, so hold on. Like I said, you, You got MCC that's six players. You forgot McCaffrey. Well, I just don't think he played longer.


Yeah. He's one of the best players you put, but you Forgot Thomas Davis. Julius Peppers Yeah. Is in the hall of Fame. Luke Keekley is going to the Hall of Fame. Yeah. Steve Smith is gonna be in the hall of Fame. Yeah. Cam and Sam Mills. Sam, I, I think Sam Mills is in the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Okay. So I believe those are your five best players. Right. In Carolina Football in the, in the very short history of the Carolina Panthers, sir. Now you can rank 'em. You could say Cam is this one, or Julius Peppers or Kiley or Smitty, whatever the case may be. Because all those guys played the, you know, Kiley retired early because he the trauma.


He's like, nah, I'm done with this. I want, I wanna be, you know, hey, I wanna be a, a normal functioning human as I start to get into my mid thirties, forties, so forth. And so we know what Pep is. We know, we know what Pep is. We know what Smitty was. But Cam, cam, cam kind of put him on the map, man. Yeah. Yeah. Cam, cam was, cam was him. Cam was him. Smitty. Look. Smitty what he what Smitty did what? He and Jake Theone? Yeah, they were cut Up. Smitty. Was that dude a Smitty? Was that dude? Yeah, Smitty was nice. Name Smitty man. Please. Hey, remember him and him and Mu mu Muhammad? Yeah. Yeah. They was nice.


He Locked. Oh, they did a they did a number. Man. Hey, it, it, it, look, I said I, I, I, look, I don't know the history. I don't know what Denver is. I don't know why. Hey look, I remember when, when Josh McDaniels, when he went back to Denver, he took everything down. He took everybody, everybody. InBody, every, all the path. My pictures, Elway, td, all, he take all of it down in the, in in the facility. Yeah. What the hell Were he doing? We starting over. It's a new day. Bus stop. Get your ass up outta here. Yeah. Talking about the new day. We legends. Yeah. What the hell you talking about? Yo?


Just 'cause you take the pictures down, they not gonna forget us. Nah, never that Never that. I don't know what you thought. Yeah. You gonna be, Hey bro, please. Yeah. Taking that lip. Yeah. Fuck I say, bro, I dunno what, I dunno what you thought. I said bro, do you, do you understand what John Elway means in that building? Do you understand what Tru Td myself got? Hey bro, Hold on. Not just in the building, outside the building. Yes. And a lot of people and a lot and a lot of people were work that, that, that worked with us in those Super Bowl eras. They were still there. Yeah.


They're like, what are you, what are you, what are you hoping to accomplish? That'll be like somebody coming in and they taking down Gronk pictures, they taking down Brady's pictures. Or you go to the Steelers and ain't no Bradshaw in the building. Ain't no mean. Yo ain't no Franco, ain't no Ham Lambert male. What? Yeah, Swans. Come on bro. Tripping man. Yeah. Something interesting went viral today. The NFL. What if standing, if all of the one position games were flipped, Cincinnati Bengals would be number one, they'd be eight and two, the Broncos also would be eight and two, the Jacksonville would be seven and three.


Buffalo would be six and four. The Chargers would be seven and two. Baltimore will be six and four Steelers, five and four, so forth and so on. Dang O Joe. Yes sir. Why y'all can't win no one possession games, man. Yeah man, it's, that's what it comes down to. That's, that's what, that's, that's all it comes down to. Sometimes it comes down to one possession. And the funny thing about it, I think for those that I don't wanna call those that are in the chat casual fans. I know the Eagles did not lose to the Cleveland Browns. I'm talking about the Baltimore Ravens King Henry guys. Well y'all listen, y'all, y'all too, I think y'all tune into some of these shows just so y'all can say, oh, you made a mistake. Oh, Joe, that ain't what he said.


Listen. Yeah, listen son. Yeah, listen son Baltimore Ravens lost to the Cleveland Browns Ocho and I talked about them not giving King Henry enough Carries He only had 11. Yeah, No, he had 16, but he, he was averaging six yards of carry of what he averaged. He averaged like he'd average like a, a a a. No, he had average four and a half yards of carry. Right. But I'm saying, come on guys. Damn. Listen. Yeah, listen, what school y'all went to? Hey, but, but listen, the funny thing about it, you, you gotta think how many, how many plays you run in the game. What? 60, 67 average Is about somewhere between 60 and 65. Right?


Give or take, you know, you got some penalties they call the play ocho and it doesn't really count because you got a penalty. But somewhere 60 to 65. Okay? If you really cooking, you might get as many as 70 to 75. Okay. Let's say 70, 75. If you're not cooking as much, 60 to 65. And the funny thing outta all those plays, one to three of those plays make the difference in the game. Yes. One to three of those plays make a difference in the game. That's how important it is. That's how it comes down to that one possession making a difference. And you actually having a winning gr a winning record and you not, Eagles had 70 plays. Yeah. Washington had 63, you see 60 to 65, you cook a little bit. Ocho you get many as 70, 75 Make the most make making the most of the opportunities You do.


And and the Go ahead Ocho, what were you gonna say? No, I was gonna say it all comes down to making the most of the opportunities. Making the most of those plays that you do have. Yes. And, and OCHO is a situation where when that play happens, because all plays aren't created equal, all penalties aren't created equal. Yes Sir. You create a penalty and you got the ball and you back your team up, you create a penalty and you give a team a first down. When you trying to get the ball back, the ball back, that's different than you committing a penalty in the first quarter. Yeah. Or the second quarter. So all plays are like, well any No, no, no. All plays aren't created equal. Right. Timing is everything area of the field.


You get a penalty now you put them in field goal range. Right. That's the difference. And when you're not gonna get an opportunity to get the ball back to do something about it. So all plays, you're absolutely right. It comes down to a handful of plays every game and the team that executes the best in those situations. And that's why what is look as bad as we, if Patrick Mahomes and Patrick Mahomes doesn't look like Patrick Mahomes and what we mean by that ocho we know at this point in time, he's normally in the top three as far as touchdown passes. Yeah. He's not there now. I think he has 12 touchdowns, eight interceptions. Right. That's not Patrick Mahomes. No. But in the one Possession games when he needs to be Patrick Mahomes that we all know and love, he's that guy Every time.


Let me, let me, let me, let me say One thing real quick. If we have any Eagle Eagles fans, I want you to understand how special Young Bull is, man. Keon Mitchell. Real quick, I just wanna go from week one to week 11, who he's covered and the number of yards and catches each player has had. Week one against the Packers, Keon Mitchell, whoever the number one receiver is, one reception, six yards, Drake, London, one reception five yards, week three Crystal lave, two receptions, 23 yards. Mike Evans, two receptions, 19 yards, week six Amari Cooper, one reception 10 yards week, seven Malik Neighbors, one reception, nine yards, my own Bengal zone, legendary Jamar Chase two catches with 19 yards against the Jaguars.


Whoever the number one is had one catch for 11 yards week 10 against CD lamb, two catches for 14 yards. Week 11, Terry McLarin, zero receptions for zero Yards Keon Mitchell. Boy, if you see this boy, you're the real deal boy. And you're lucky I'm not playing no more, but I salute you for what you're doing. Quin on this is the legendary one for a rookie boy. But yeah, he, he, he's played really good for a guy. What is he a rookie second year player? Yeah. Man, he a rookie boy. Young bull. A rookie man, man. Hey, hey. When I see stuff like that that make me wanna get out there, that make me wanna get out, I'm, I'm, I'm, man, what you trying to do? No. Huh? It it makes me wanna do get better at my job so I can have something to do.


Right here. Right here. Yeah. I I I feel you. But when you see somebody putting up that them kind of numbers against some of the best, that's okay. Today's game. I wanna know what you gonna do against me. Uhuh. No, you had your turn. Let the billboards have it. It's raining out there. It's cold out there. Yes. Be hitting out there. You ain't falling when the last time you fell on the ground. Yesterday. Yesterday. But see, listen, this, I'm this, this how I feel when I see stuff like this. Right? And I have an appreciation for Superior DB play. This is Superior DB play we witnessing from Young Bull. Right? So I like, I'm thinking about myself or my prime, so I wanna see how, you know, he would match up against me. So I, I just, I don't know.


It's, it's a hypothetical. It's just something that I always do. I insert myself in today's game, in today's era, just wondering how it would be if I was playing in this past happy era. The Volume.


You may not realize it, but every minute of every day you're enjoying your First Amendment freedoms. You can wear what you want. Give out your opinion for free, even if it's unpopular. Listen to your playlist. You can put a sign out on your front lawn that says, vote for Bigfoot, someone you can believe in. Pray to the God of your choice. Or don't you have the right to hang with a posse that thinks like you do. Tell the government what you think about its policies. They're the freedoms that let you be you. And they're all brought to you by the First Amendment. Freedom like a river in my soul. Learn more@freedomforum.org.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker On. the latest season of my podcast, Against the Rules. I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules Listen to Against, the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York. And Imani Packer, a former pro hockey player and now a full Madison Packer. Stan Anya and I met through hockey and now we're married and moms to two awesome toddlers, ages two and four. And We're excited about our new podcast, moms Who Puck, which talks about everything from pro hockey to professional women's athletes to raising children and all the messiness in between. So listen to Moms Pac on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? It's Peter Schrager. We're back for the season with Peter Schrager. In each episode of this season, I'm gonna empty my proverbial notebook and take you inside and behind the scenes on the conversations that happen at the highest levels of NFL franchises. You see, you'll be in the front office of an NFL team one week, but the next week you're gonna be at a bar elbow to elbow with some of your favorite celebrities laughing about football like Kansas City Chiefs fan, Paul Rudd. By the Way, can I just point out how much I like the music of this podcast? Music is awesome. Incredible. Very good. It's very kinda like a funky beat. Listen to the season with Peter Schreker on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wasabi Hot Cloud Storage Store more and do more with your data. Try them for free@wasabi.com.


Hey, this is Kyle Bran. You're busy. I'm busy, but every single Monday we take 10 minutes to dish out. 10 takes NFL Life, whatever, but never more than 10 minutes. It's 10 takes with Kyle Brant driving home from work. You got time for 10 takes taking a smoke break. You still smoke. You got time for 10. Takes hiding in the bathroom at work. You got time for 10 takes. Listen to 10 takes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wasabi Hot Cloud Storage. Store more and do more with your data. Try them for free@wasabi.com.