
Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything, even the sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown Deep Fit. Will the owner of a red sedan please visit guest services. Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a prop With Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what your Restrictions and limitations apply. Cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's A whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. Feel good enough to go out there and play You? turn on that switch. No one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


The holidays are here at the Home Depot. So let's get to decorating. Find your Perfect Tree in our huge assortment of shapes, sizes, and styles. Like the easy to assemble Jackson Noble Fur with pre-lit branches. Perfect for styling with all your favorite ornaments. Or the flocked starry light Frazier fur. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that keep their shape so it's ready right out of the box. Ooh, find the perfect tree now at the Home Depot and enjoy free delivery on most holiday decor subject to availability. See home depot.com/delivery for details


Coming Soon to Prime Video. You can call Me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson. We have to catch this serial killer. I don't kill For afoot and created by Ben Watkins. Ms. K thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. Aldi Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance. We clock's ticking. You think you can stop him? I, no I can't because I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video November 14th.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New drafting customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


What we got? Okay, ocho, the number 12 Boise State. They the Broncos they beat Nevada 28 21 Aston Genty heavily contribute 34 carriers. 209 yards to three touchdowns Now, woo Woo. That's all he got. 50? No, he had fifty, a hundred twenty five yards going into the game. Ash, I think he's at 1700 now. Hey boy, he nice Gent. I think he has, he had 190 carries going into the game with 20 touchdowns. How many secured the top five for NCA? Both in total rush yards and touchdown.


The Bronco secured the seventh consecutive win. The Broncos, the quarterback was nine of 2,419 yards. They ran the ball for 47 times for 2 74 with 209 of those yards coming from Genty Again. They ran the ball 47 times, 47 times. That's od boy, they ain't, they ain't playing no Beat. Hey, well you can't stop him. So, Yeah, he nice. What, what you think the chances of Gente running the Heisman are, especially with the way Travis is, way Travis is playing at, It's just hard for a, a school like the, I mean I can only think of one BYU with Ty Demer won it.


I think Ty, that was a long time ago. That was in what, 90? Yeah, Ty was 90, 89. Andre Ware won it out of, out of Houston. But for the most part, you go back and look man, it's just hard. I, because people gonna say the level of, of competition that he's playing. O Joe. Yeah. I hate, I hate when they do that. That's why I asked you not too long ago when he was, when he, I think maybe his third game, he put up some crazy numbers. I was curious, Woody was at, at LSU or Ole Miss or Georgia. Oh, well now if he put up these numbers that one of the old schools Now, now, now we onto something now That that's different. But I was asking you hypothetically, would the numbers still look the same if he was playing at one of the top five schools or one of the Power five schools?


You updated it. Okay. Now how many games does he have left? Three. Three. He has three games left. Yeah, he's about 900 yards short of, of Barry's 2,600 yard. 26 something. He has 1,734 rush yards. 23 total touchdowns or 23 rush touchdown. Or they total rush. What was Barry's record? Barry had twenty six hundred and twenty five rush yards. He had like 39, 36, 39 touchdowns.


But you gotta realize, yeah, yeah. Barry went for 2 25 and five touchdowns in the holiday bowl. They didn't count bowl numbers back then. Right, right, right. So Barry would've been over 40 plus touchdowns in 2,800 yards rushing. But you gotta also look, Barry was sitting out some of those games late in the season because he'd been in a rush for 300 yards. So they like, why you Yeah, you bro, you gotta go back and look if you just go back and look. And he was doing this against Oklahoma. He was doing this against Nebraska when they were at, when, when, when the, the corn husker and the sooner when they were at the apex.


Yeah. The real deal. Yeah. Yes. That would be like if Gent was doing that when Georgia and Alabama had, and Florida had those top SEC defenses. That's what Barry was doing against them. Go back and look at the numbers he put up against Oklahoma. Go back and look at the numbers he put up against Nebraska. Look at what he was doing. Barry was having 300, two hundreds. He was, it was crazy Not to minimize the kid. 'cause the kid 1700 yards, 7,000 yards. Still a lot of yards. Yeah. But oh yeah. That, like I said, prior to Joe Burrow having that season that he had, that was the best college season that ever that you had to see it.


Yeah. You had, you had to see it to appreciate it because somebody say, oh man, roughly 2 2600 yards and 20 games though, wasn't it? I think it was 12 games. ocho. Yeah. Oh, that's crazy. Because Marcus Allen was the first one to rush for 2000 yards of the season. USC. Yeah. Barry Barry rushed for 2,600 yards in 11 games. 26, 28. Let that sink in people.


2,628 yards in 11 games. Add that 12 games he rushed for over 205 touchdowns. I don't know if you'll ever, ever see that again. We're never gonna see it. No. Look, we, we, you can see some backs. I mean, you know, you get Shady McCoy and you get Alvin Cama and they remind you. But you had to see Barry and I was on the field 'cause we played him on Thanksgiving. And to see him on that turf, Boy, ain't nobody got no come to balance like that and Reaccelerate, bro. Nobody got come to balance, be able to reaccelerate no and make you, and make you, make you missing tight quarters in close space in close spaces.


He Jump stopped like a basketball player with both feet, Feet, not one And take off again. Yep. Start. Oh, and you ain't tackling him in open field. You forget that. Absolutely not. Just forget that 1 0 1. 1 0 1. No, Uhuh. You better get, you better get him in the A gap and you better get him before he get there. Yeah, Because he, he gonna make you look stupid. He gonna make you look stupid. If y'all, if you was fraction late, byebye after Genty has scored 144 points this season, the Florida State Seminoles have scored 133 points this season.


He has more points as an individual player than an entire team. Team. That's crazy. That's amazing though man. When you think about it. I just don't like the fact that the NFL doesn't value the position and I don't think he's going, he going, he's not going to get the flowers he deserves for what he's done in this. Well, I'm gonna consider it still a historic season because it, I'm sure it hasn't been done by another player at Boise. Boise State. No, no, no. Gen said he would be down to play with Kyle and the Cardinals. ocho, who's your top under six foot players of all time. You got k Murray, Darren Sproles, Maurice Jones, drew, Wes Weer.


Well I named this next one. It's over. It's him, Barry Sanders, Barry Rogers Tart, Cohen Smitty, Bob Sanders. Elvis Ville, the Honey Badger. Ty Matthew or Aaron Jones. I'm going with Steve Smith outta everybody. You just said You taking Steve Smith over Barry. Oh no. I mean, Barry's cool, but you know, I'm going, I'm going, I'm going with my, my, my college teammate. Okay. My SI like, I like Steve. I like Steve. Hey Bob Sanders, bullet ball. Bullet Bob. Yeah. And he had no, no regard for his body or anyone else's.


Hell nah. You Know, like, you know who played like Bob Sanders in today's game bud. That Goddamn budha baker. Yeah. Yeah. I can see that Man. He don't, he run it. Everybody, when they tackle you gather, you gather yourself, you make the tackle Buda Baker and Bob, they just run right through people. Yeah. They not even big, huh? No, They not even big. That's why Bob stayed Hurt. No stepped no nothing. That's why Bob stayed hurt. Yeah. Hey boy, he coming downhill. Boy they got B gap. It don't matter. Oh yeah, we have some great players. I mean, Darren Spro. Yeah. Joe Drew West. We but Barry, man, the man had 15,000 yards Ojo in 10 years And just, and just left the game that Ocho just left.


And he wasn't, he was, he, I don't even, was Barry 30? I think he left the game at 30. Damn. With no major injuries. He was 31 and he Was eight. Barry was 30. He left the game at 31. So he'd been, he 19. I wonder what was the issue with the, with the Lions organization? Why do he Want He they, well he, he, he said that they had let Glover go. And at that point in time, the front office, they didn't, he didn't feel that they were putting a championship team on, on the field. I think ended up, they ended up letting low ground go.


Who was his left Tackle? Glover was a center. It's like be out. And they thought, oh, he'll be back Steve, If you know Barry. See the thing is, I don't know if Barry and he said this, he's like, he was good at it. He ain't love it. I'm talking about like deep his dad, I mean he, he loved his dad and he wanted to, he wanted to please his dad. Right. And so that's why it was nothing for him to leave. Like, y'all ain't gonna put no team around me. Y'all ain't, man, I ain't out here taking these hits. For what? With no chance of winning. And they were never gonna trade him.


No. Hell no. So He walked away. Ocho Dak Prescott is planning to undergo season ending surgery on a partially torn hamstring. And an opinion dak of one final specialist sheer added that Dak will meet with the specialist in New York. But the Cowboys doctor already believed he needs surgery that would sideline him four to four months. The Cowboys did not place D on Injury Reserve today. Trading away. Hold on. Trading away a fourth round pick four days before it comes out that your quarterback hold on. That, that does make it even more egregious because you knew Dak was injured and you traded for, but anyway, I don't care That Mingle has two years left on his deal.


Completely insane price. If you know the season is probably over. That's what Dave Hellman tweeted. Hey, hey, Jerry say he was going to re get a receiver To do what he said. He say he was going to get a receiver. He went and got one. He went and got one To do what I, listen, we gonna, we gonna see, we gonna see tomorrow. We gonna see tomorrow. I hope, I hope that has, I hope that he heals fast. I hope he heals fast. It's over. If off the bone, he ain't healing up this year. Oh no. I know. I I I'm just saying I hope he heals fast. He can heal, He can heal slow.


Yeah. 25. I'm not talking about to come back and play him. I mean this season. I mean just in general. Yeah. Wanting to heal fast so we can get, he can get back in, he can not get back out there on the field, but just get back into a groove of working yourself back into shape and being able to throw the ball. That's One thing. You don't play with soft tissue injuries. Oh yeah. Hey, that groin, that groin, that hamstring calf, the es the Achilles area. Your calf. You see? You see what? I don't Miss that for nobody. Hamstring. Zion's gonna miss time with a hamstring. Kevin and Rand's gonna miss time with a cow. They, oh, because you're an athlete.


You, you play with your lower body. Where you going? Those things grab it. I mean, man, That's crazy. Yep. Well hopefully like you said, he get, you know, you get, he gets the, the final prognosis. He gets done what he needs to get done and he's ready to come back next year and, and and rebuild Zac. Taylor wife says fans are going after her and children after Bingos lost to the Ravens. Sarah posted the ig I'm in a, I'm in rage mode right now and she deleted the Instagram. I want people to know how hard it is to watch.


My husband went to work Monday, 5 8, 5 15:00 AM spent the night at the stadium, come home Tuesday at 11:00 PM left for Baltimore Wednesday. We'll get home at 4:00 AM tomorrow. He worked all day, all day tomorrow because they have a game Sunday. My kids haven't seen him since Sunday. He had a perfect game plan. Brooks was mad at me for watching the last play with my head under the covers. And I said, I'm sorry, people will say stuff to me everywhere I go next week. And he said, mom, get over it. I know how these coaches and players do it, but the best thing I can do is move on like them. Mm.


Damn man. Oh, it's tough. Yeah, it is. But the the fan, they gotta chill though. Huh? Good luck with that one. Yeah, I know. I know, I know, I know. I, I I know what you mean. But they, they have to chill. They have to chill when it comes to this game of football, man, family, you know, you don't do that. You know, coach, he can handle that. He can handle that. You know, I mean especially I'm sure we have a lot of Cincinnati fans in here. If you know people that are, that are crossing that line, you can't do that. I agree. You can't, you can't.


Like you, you can be mad about the game. You can be mad at coach family's off limits always. You know That. Yeah. It it's tough. Y'all, y'all know better. It's tough. It's, it's, it's because like I said, I I, I know what the coaches put in our coaches when we were winning Super Bowls when we were in the playoffs or show they was at the office a hundred hours a week. Think about how many hours. So how many hours are there in a week? So if you go seven days, our coaches are spending a hundred of those hours. Yeah. Now mind you, we got a game on Saturday or sometimes we travel on, I mean we have played on Sunday and sometimes we travel, they were sleeping in the office.


They get back Sunday and they didn't get home till Tuesday. They go home Monday to shower and then they back right back at the office. Yeah. They got a game plan. So that's the, that's the, that's the expectations to be great. And it's tough. It's tough on coaches. Yeah. But even they, even players and that's why, you know, I I was like, you know when people say, oh, players study more than coaches. No they don't. Not Peyton. Not Tom. Not any of them. No, no, No. Hey, you know what's bad too that, that people don't realize. As you think about like the Doug Petersons Brian Day ball, the coaches that aren't really having success, the fact that they put in all those hours, countless hours and the results aren't showing up on the field.


And that has to be one of the worst feelings in the world. Right. To put all the time and meetings, to put all that time and game planning and, and writing the scout, the, the the scout card. Yeah. Two cards and just, just putting all that time in and on Sundays not reaping the benefit of all the work you put in that has to suck. And think about It, Ocho you know this like, they get when they get on the plane, they got they already breaking it down. Yeah. Yeah. That's a game. They already, they already, they already owned own the, what you call 'em. I co Sometimes the coaches would come and they would, they would not, they would go home and come Right. Come right back. Sometimes they just stayed.


They'd have air mattresses on the floor. They walk, Hey, They go home. Hey, they stay there till Mon Monday they go home, get a shower baby. I love you See the kids for about an hour and they right back the entire night. Yep. Into Tuesday. Tuesday. Same thing. Go home for a couple hours and they right back the whole night. The same thing Wednesday. So, and y'all think I'm gonna be a coach and I, I done spent a hundred hours and, and, and, and a joker. We done did the first 15 and he blow the first play. Somebody jump, somebody get a false star procedure. Ocho We don saying we going on two because we know they, they wanna get a jump of the court and here you go.


Jumping. Yeah.


Yo, this is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and vintages pods where designer handbags or the real deal and all your favorite dish style sneakers where wait for you maybe you live for uncovering rare trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car, the Fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any doit yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're your museum worthy vinyl collection covering a walls for the ceiling or retro movie posters or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


Oh the places you'll go when you go in. Tom's the beloved family footwear brand that make shoes for your moments that matter most. Over the years we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort weaving both together. Our fall collection includes hundreds of styles for women, men, and kids at great prices. We're talking boots, sneakers, wedges, loafers, flatts and our iconic alpr goddess slip ons. You name it, we've got it. Pair our sneakers with your favorite denim seasonal boots with oversized sweaters and loper with boxy blazers. Our signature cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning for all day wear. The best part. When you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we are just getting started. So slip in and step out to Pilates or school drop off playgrounds and dance class. Perfect For date night or girls night, apple picking or game day, we are the brand to support the life you lead. Shop the full fall assortment now@toms.com.


Hey, what's up guys? I'm Fred Warner, linebacker for the San Francisco 49 ERs. The holidays get really busy for me, but I still wanna pull up to events. Look in my freshest abercrombie's latest drop of party looks is taking me through the season for date nights, hanging out with the fellas and even New Year's Eve. They have outfits for every occasion. I'm big on sweater, polos and trousers with a wool blend coat over top. For those really fancy holiday events, Abercrombie has suiting options too. Shop Abercrombie for every night out.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime Video this Thursday it's an NF C's battle. As the Washington Commanders visit the Philadelphia Eagles join Al Michaels, Kirk Herbstreit and Kaylee Hartung for this exciting matchup. You gotta love explosive rookie quarterbacks as well as crazy coaches that can do anything at any moment. I am dialed for this game. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's best party TNF tonight. Live from Philadelphia. Not a prime member. Not a problem. Simply Sign up for a 30 day free trial. You can cancel at any time. It's the commanders and the Eagles at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football. And it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


ODU is business management made so simple. a kid could explain it. Sometimes Business software can't talk to other programs. but odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't So. you should use ooo because they save you money. ODU makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now at Odoo dot com. That's ODO o.com.


Good job. Thanks. Giannis calls out teammates for lack of effort and bucks lost to the Knicks. Who is he talking to? Hello? On Come to New York. Lost by 30. We don't compete. I'm not okay with that ish. Hey man, you don't want to be in here. You can lead if you're not frustrated with losing GT OFH get the He wasn't talking to anybody directly. He was just saying it out loud. No, I didn't say he was looking at somebody. Oh shoot.


Oh, it's getting kind of feisty over there in that locker room mode in Milwaukee. Man, look, that's ocho that's why I kept, that's why I tell you Ocho, I couldn't play today man. Right. You right. All that late for meeting and all that on the phone and all that. Soon as you get ocho, soon as you get off the field, the first thing you do, you go get on social media, Grab your phone. Yeah. Especially in this era. Most definitely. All that laughing and Kiki kid on the sideline, we losing on the bus. Y'all laughing and talking. What? What's funny? The bus bus ride and plane ride. Be real quiet when you lose. Damn.


Manni Is hot. GNI is hot. I like, bad people don't, like I said, I Hey, How long, how long you think it before you before he force his way out? Because you know the NBA players, they, they hold all the power. They hold all the cars. Right. I think you'll try to ride it out this year. I dunno. But he might. It might it might get to a breaking point, huh? Yeah, it just, I, because I think the thing is Ocho anybody that, that, that invests a lot into something, it hurts more.


Hey, if you dealing with somebody in a relationship and you dealing with somebody casually, it's like, well I don't wanna see you no more. Okay, cool. We end at that level. Right. But you put time and y'all done been together for some years. Right, Right, right. Man, please. That's how it is when you put that kind of time into something when you practice, when you a sport. That's why it hurt so much. I, because I can just imagine what a Peyton and a Brady and LeBron and a Kobe and a Jordan. I'm talking about the greats or the great 'cause I know what I put into it.


That's why it bothered me. Oh Lord. Mercy. Damn. I think things will get a little better. One Chris Middleton come back, He never gonna be the same. His knees and ankles. He done had too many surgeries in the last couple of years. Old Joe. He not gonna be the same. He older now too. Hey listen, they need all hands on deck. Whatever they could do. The Pro, the the thing that helps LeBron is that he's able to play LeBron has really never had a significant injury. Right. Knock on wood. So when you, when you, so therefore you look at a lot of guys when you start to have those injuries, O Joe, it gets harder to overcome that when you get older.


Well, LeBron has never had anything like that. And I pray it doesn't, but man, when you put that kind of time in it and people just take that stuff arbitrarily and because it's just, because a lot of times the guys that really gonna dictate your free your career and they, you don't mention them. I, I, I, like I said, I I know how Jan is, you know where he came from and you know, a guy and he's turned himself into one of the greats.


He made the 75th anniversary team. He's a two time league, MVP or defensive player of the year or finals. MVP. He's gonna go round, go down to one of the top players and he got guys out here that's not as invested. Right. Not taking it serious. Mm. Messy And Miami eliminated from the MLS playoffs upset Damn by ATL United. That's what we do. I was, that was at that game man. I left, I left at halftime. That that hurt. That hurt. And I think even for the MLSI think it hurts for them as well because that's what the MLS wanted.


I mean, you, you wanna, if there's gonna be a team that makes it to the final, you want it to be inter Miami and messy. You know, that story, that happy ending, you know, Messi's won every goddamn thing, but just for the MLS sake. And, and what they obviously probably wanted was for, you know, messy and inner Miami to make it all the way. But Atlanta, Atlanta United came to play tonight on, yeah, they came to play tonight. I need to go to a, a Atlanta United. I need to go to a Hawks game where I get that stuff. 'cause they got like 20 ounce soda. They got nachos, they got free for like 20 bucks. You eat as much as you want. 20 bucks. 20 bucks.


Where At, at, at the, at Falcons games. Oh. I don't know, but I ain't never heard no concession stand where you just, you said 20 bucks for that much food. Yeah, that sounded like up Worth And the free fee, the soda is refill. You get like 20 half soda. You get like a hot dog, you get nachos, you get something, you get something else. But it's way more because hell, the sodas a damn near $20 at them. At at them at at them games Money. Oh yeah. Oh. They said somebody said it's even better at the, because Mr.


Blank owned the, the, the soccer team also. Wait, Mr. Blank owned Atlanta United? Yeah. I didn't know that. Yeah, okay. I didn't even know that. That's dope. That's dope. I know Mr. Blank don't know nothing about no damn soccer, but that's dope. Oh yeah. But at the Hawks, they got $2 bottle of water and $3 for hot dogs at Hot Hawks game. Hell, the Dodger dog like $14. Ain't it? It must be Man, Ashman be talking about on a special night. There ain't no special night. Nah, Ain't like that Every game. Yeah, it's, I gotta try that out. Yeah.


Hey, but, but I tell you what man, that that fool be banging at, at them, at them sporting events. I ain't gonna lie to. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Listen, when I, I just had, I had two hot dogs as always. You go hot, you know, hot. Any sport event I go to, I got have two hot dogs and my coke, my coke no ice. No I ain't no hot because I go, I mean I normally, I get, I get like when I go to Lake's game I get a hamburger or I get the chicken tenders. Them chicken tenders are fried. The thing they, they must be bringing right out the grease. Hold on. You get a hamburger, ain't no cheese or nothing? No, I don't got, I get a hamburger plain ketchup only. Like if I, I go to a restaurant, I get a catch, I get a just meat and bun ketchup, medium fry. Okay.


Okay. I can't, I can't, I gotta have my cheese on there. No. Gotta have my Cheese. The only time I've eaten dairy, if I got got lactate in my pocket. Okay. Okay. Okay. That's right. That's right. I forgot. Forgot. Oh, I, I don't play like that. I'm looking very specific. Like when I take a flight and we got food, breakfast, lunch, I'm looking okay, I might have some cheese in it and I might forget this lactate. I'm good. Yeah, I can see you running back and forth through the aisle. Use the bathroom. Oh, I, that's why I sit on the aisle. Right. Oh, so you don't gotta crossover. Nobody. I ain't got a cross over nobody. Okay, okay. Oh, I'm going to the bathroom.


I'm going to the bathroom five times anyway. I ain't got no steel bladder like ash, Ash go. 14 hours ain't go one time. The drug three gallons of water, nothing. Yeah. But Jordan worse to me, got the worst bladder for under 30. Yeah. We get off a plane Straight to the bathroom. You 25, you gotta go the, why you gotta go to the bathroom 15 times. I'm like, Oh Ocho a viral has gone viral, which we can't show.


But it was posted into question, should you have separate or joint accounts in marriage? Was that the one Ocho I think I sent it to you. Yeah, There was this one lady that the husband, that her husband was giving her money and she was taking it for, what did she term? Hold on. What, what the term she used? I guess she said for like a rainy day account for like, if something happened to them, if they got separated she was gonna have some I Oh hell no. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. She she, she being slick. She being slick already, already got everything pre-planned as if it wasn't gonna work out anyway. Yes, Yes, yes.


That's crazy. I like, nah, I can't get down like that. That's, that's some, that's So what you think about if you were married, would you have a joint, joint account with the Mme with your Mrs. Hold on. Yeah, yeah. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. We gonna have an account that right bro. You actually think I'm gonna have somebody with on this account that I got? No, we gonna have an account that he can pull from that's gonna have X amount of dollars in there. Right. But the big account. Oh, absolutely not.


No. Oh No. I'm say nah, huh. Hell nah. No. I got one account that has Boom, We got an account that Oh, okay, you wanna go pay, you know, play groceries or whatever, what, whatever the case may be. Right. Boom. Yeah, for sure she could have, she could have her account. Right. But if, you know she not working, she's like, well you know what, whatever the case may be. Okay. I give her a couple of dollars enough that she can go get her hair done, nails done. She want to get her her beauty stuff up. Okay, fine. But you will not have access to the, To the big, to the big boy.


Yeah. Hell no. And man, please, I think I said that. I think I said that. Did I send you this ocho I just sent it to you On Instagram? Yes. No, I, I, no. Yeah, I, I'll give you money A but the money that I give you is to pay, you know, get your nails done. You buy groceries, you buy stuff for the house, stuff like that. So therefore I shouldn't be outta anything.


Right. Why come home? Why, why is there no orange juice? Why is there no, Hey. Nah, you ain't see me. That one. You saw it? I got it. Yeah. I mean I, I see my said she putting Money away. Got all She's stealing. Oh. She putting money away for I told you, listen, she, She said she putting money away in case it goes sideways. She got something. Listen, You got so, all right. That's all, That's all, that's all premeditated for sure. That's all, that's all pre-planned. And knowing that I'm good and I'm safe in case something happens.


You could be good and safe if something happened, if you using your money Right. You not finna be using my money. Money. Yeah. That's stealing. That's all it is. That's stealing. Yeah. Yeah. Shelly got you a jacket. Ocho guy made a jacket. Oh damn. Listen guy made you a a a, he gonna make you a, he gave you a, a Clark Atlanta jacket but he's making you a fam U jacket. Oh, come on now. Tell him I'm a large now. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. He make he make you a a a Ls a FMU jacket. I need that. I need that. Yeah. But no, I look, I mean I saw this one guy, he said he and his wife, they have, they only have one account.


It's a joint account. Right. I've heard too many stories and I know personally that guys have had joint accounts and the wife has gotten mad. The guy's done something and she took it all. Heat it out. Huh? Took it all. Damn All. Wait. The whole Thing. All of it. Boy One thing, One thing about money, boy. You'll see, you'll see them true colors real quick. You hear me? Yeah man, Money will show you them true colors real quick. Yeah. So, nah, I don't, I don't, like I said, hey, you got XI got, I'm gonna give you y Yeah I got everything else up to Y Right.


Nah man, man, man look here man. Somebody up to my account man. With what I've done as hard as I worked on you. I know you gonna snap boy. Yeah, yeah. I'm probably probably gonna go ahead and crash out, don't you? Yeah, yeah. I just, I I mean listen, if, if, if, if God is to bless me with, with, with marriage one day, I just don't the joint account stuff, I, I I I don't see it unc. I I don't, I I don't see it. I I don't see the benefit in it. Yeah. You can have your own stuff. I mean look, everything ain't gotta be together. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I I just don't see the man coming out on top in any kind of way.


You know, it just, it, it benefits the woman, you know, in any way you slice it, you know, especially if she gets upset. Especially if she gets mad. But I mean, it is cool especially if, if if, if you're dealing with somebody that got something going on Unc, you have no problem, you know, shooting or something anyway. Yeah. Just to, just to increase what she has in her own account, you know, just to make sure she comfortable. I ain't got No problem. I ain't got no problem having A share. Having a share together. Nah, that's, that's unnecessary. I've never had a problem being in a relationship and she be in a better financial place when she left than when she arrived. Mm. You got no problem with that.


Ah, Like that. I like that. I ain't Like that. Ain't no problem with that. All I'm saying is, is that, you know, for the most part, women that have dealt with me knows that's how I am. That's why you people don't be talking reckless about me. Am I perfect? No, I never say that. I got my flaws. I've done some stuff that, that caused the relationship to end. I know that. Yes sir. But we ain't having no joint account. That ain't happening. We can have a joint account, but I put money in the ocho but I'm saying the big dog. Right. Oh no. The stuff that, that will take care of five. If I, if something happens to me that my kids and my grandkids and my family go no, no, no, no, no, no.


You not getting access to that. Hold on. One escape monkey has been captured. The 43 others are still on the loose. See he was the guy, he was like, look here, here you let them capture you and that gives us an opportunity to get further away. Get further away. Hey, that's funny. It shouldn't be too hard to find no monkeys now because where where wherever his tree's at, that's where they gonna be. Hey, yeah, you right bro. My unc make too much bread to have a joint account. You damn right man. But in South Carolina, do you know how far they can go? How with all them Woods Ocho?


They can go very far. Yes, but they won't be, they won't be hard to find because remember they traveling packs. Huh? Ocho they ain't splitting up Ocho. Yeah. Do you know they could, they could Wood South Carolina. They could be in North Carolina. They could be Virginia, they could be Georgia. Don't tell me where little more foes are Somebody gonna spot 'em? Nah, season. Hey, you saw playing little eight, you saw season had them things organized. Man, they, hey, I don't want 'em to catch them. Right. I want 'em to, I want 'em to go.


I wish I see them. I'm gonna organize a trip to get 'em back to where they come from. Where they got, where they type monkeys come from. They, they, they, I know they probably, they probably small, probably small monkeys. They can't be chimpanzees because they would've caught them. I know it ain't no damn gorillas. They too damn big. They gotta be the, I forgot how he pronounce it. Remember Reese's Macaw? Reese's Monkey? No, no, no. Remember the movie? What's the movie? The hang on, remember the movie, the hang on Name? They got no Ring Ofan? No Chuchu. I forgot how to pronounce it. A, a Uchin or something. Oh, oh, oh, oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm talking about a little, little small. Yes, I know. Probably a, probably a bunch of Those. Yeah. See I told you it's Reese's McCall.


Well that's what, that's what it is, Reese's. Yeah. They not that but It'ss not spelled like re's the candy bar. It's Rh Country But hey damn. I'll organize a little thing to get 'em back where y'all from? They tell me where they from. I say look, I got y'all some fake passports. Hey, hey. Ship 'em back like Madagascar. Yeah, a Capuchin. That's what you said. Poin. There you go. That's what I was trying to say. Capuchin, they're all females are, they weigh about seven pounds. Okay. They about the size of Teddy bear.


Yeah, a Capuchin. That's what you was talking about. Yeah, that's what I was trying to think of. I couldn't get the name right. You say Chu Chu. Yeah. Alpha Genesis breeds the monkeys to sell for medical and other research around the world. These the species. What makes them so unique and so special? Ocho they share about 93% of the DNA with a human. Yeah. So when you test these drugs and you test these treatments on them, they infected them with certain diseases and illness and you can run te test on them. Yeah. Steve, it worked. Yeah.


Yo, this is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and ventures pods where designer handbags are the real deal and all your favorite dead style sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them and if it's your car, the Fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any door yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


Did you know there's no Tom mc Toms the shoe company, you know and love Our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows. This season embrace cozy comfort with Toms, the family favorite footwear brand from Chic Boots and everyday sneakers to wedges and our iconic Alpr Godde slip-ons. Each pair of Toms is crafted with premium comfort At its core, our cloud bound insoles provide exceptional cushion, perfect for morning meetings, farmer's markets and quiet moments at home. Enjoy features like ankle padding, cozy foer linings, and wide width options so you can always feel like you're walking on Clouds Made for Play. Our Kids Line offers extra traction and easy on easy offer detailing a win for them, a win for you. Explore rich textures and autumn colors and hundreds of styles that compliment your fall wardrobe. The best part, when you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we're just getting started. Shop all your fall family footwear@toms.com.


Hey, what's up guys? I'm Fred Warner, linebacker for the San Francisco 49 ERs. The holidays get really busy for me, but I still wanna pull up to events. Look in my freshest abercrombie's latest drop of party looks is taking me through the season for date nights hanging out with the fellas and even New Year's Eve. They have outfits for every occasion. I'm big on sweater, polos and trousers with a wool blend coat over top. For those really fancy holiday events, Abercrombie has suiting options too. Shop Abercrombie for every night out.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime Video this Thursday it's an NF C's battle. As the Washington Commanders visit the Philadelphia Eagles join Al Michaels, Kirk Herbst Street and Kaylee Hartung for this exciting matchup. You gotta love explosive rookie quarterbacks as well as crazy coaches that can do anything at any moment. I am dialed for this game. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's best party TNF tonight. Live from Philadelphia. Not a prime member, not a problem. Simply Sign up for a 30 day free trial. You can cancel at any time. It's the Commanders and the Eagles at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football and it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


ODU is business management made so simple. a kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. but odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't So. you should use ooo because they save you money. ODU makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now at Odoo dot com. That's ODO o.com.


Good job. Thanks Ocho. The guy that who tried to, the guy that tried to you like, I don't wanna use the word but hey, he say this Marion hired bot to harass my social media page. Thanks for the engagement bro. I ain't hiring nobody to do nothing. I ain't mention your name, is it? And people would've never known who it was. Oh, You talking about the story from earlier today? Yes. Oh, he, he Here? Yes. Let him be. Hey guys, leave him alone.


I didn't say, I didn't even say who it was. They would've never known who it was had you not let, How, how'd they know? How did Chad know? I have no idea. I think what it was, he heard us talking about it. Oh well buddy at Ain't no boss. Well, I don't got nothing to do with that. I ain't got nothing to do with that. You already did what you did. Hey, we done moved on. Hey, you got the, you got what you wanted to get out of that. I, hopefully, hopefully everything works out for you.


Ocho and I Club Shake and Nightcap. We moving on bro. Why? I don't wanna hire a boss to do what do you realize? I understand what bot do, bro. I just had a a a thing with with Madam VP and John Legend. They got negative reviews and, and and it got, I mean I can't, I can't remember the last time I had a video that didn't do a million. John John Legend only did 20,000 because the box killed it. Oh Yeah. But to make a long story short, boy, I ain't got, I ain't got nothing to do with me. You should have just stayed anonymous and, and, and, and just left that alone. Now it's time for our last sec, last segment.


Ocho, now it's time for q and a Q and A. Let use the restroom real quick. Go Ahead bro. Clutch, KB said, do you guys feel that Colorado is gonna make the college football playoff? I think they're probably gonna have to, they're gonna have to win out and win the big 12 championship. I don't think they're gonna take any team with three losses. I think they're, they're playing unbelievable football. I think if they can win at least win out. I think Coach Prime is gonna be college football coach of the year with the turnaround that he's resurrected at CU and deservingly. So, but I don't think if they lose a game, they'll make the college football playoff because I don't believe the college football playoff committee will select any team with three losses.


Now I could be wrong. I could be wrong. I could be, but with that being said, I'm pulling for 'em. I mean, I would like to see 'em make the college football playoff. I like, I would like to see 'em make the big 12, the big 12 championship game. That would be huge. You talking about Colorado? Yes. They were asking do we see that Colorado make the college football playoff? I'm saying the only, only chance I believe they have OCHO, is to win out and win the big 12 championship. Because I don't believe the committee is going to take a three loss team, no three loss team. Be it Alabama, be it Joe. I don't believe because I got, I believe there'll be enough, plenty of two lost teams. Right.


That you know. But you never, you never know. You never know. What do you think? Yeah. Yeah. Shit, they got a good chance. Listen, they going, they gonna beat Utah, Kansas Because I think, I think they got two games at home. They got, they got ca they got Utah and Oklahoma State at home. I think they're on the road against Kansas. Damn. I think they got a good chance. I think they got a good chance. Especially with, especially with the defense playing the way they played tonight. They got a good chance. Get up outta that man.


Especially when you play Olo, Oklahoma still throw the ball like crazy, huh? Yeah, they Play Oklahoma State. Oklahoma State? Yeah. The Cowboys, they they still throw the ball like crazy. They, they, They don't do anything really well. Ocho they, they struggling Mike, they they home, they're gonna be in cu two of the, three of them cu if I'm not mistaken. I think they got Kansas on the road. I think they got Utah at home this week. Go to Kansas and then Oklahoma State closes out the season at home. If I'm not mistaken. Now y'all don't quote me, but I I'm thinking They might be able to, they might be able to run all three, huh? I think they do, but I think I, I think, I think Kansas might be the tricky game.


Yeah. Oh, Kansas just beat Iowa State. Mm. I tell you what, just win and let the, the chips fall. What it may It is keep playing ball. Just, just win and let the chips fall. What? It may kepper know what Junior said. My question is, are the Jags tanking so they can get your door Sanders? No, because you got a quarterback. You just paid 55 million. You not taking a quarterback. Now would you like to have Travis Hunter? Sure, but you're not, you know, they're not tanking for a quarterback. The fact that you think they tanking it tells you just how bad they playing. Yeah.


Tyler Hamilton said, what's up unc? My pop fled you at Clark. Well if he did, I put pain on him. Yeah. There was not a game I didn't have from my sophomore year on. There was not one game. I don't think I didn't have a hundred yards against. Clark had 200 my senior year and four touchdowns. Woo. Talk that talk that talk man. You talk about man. Yeah, Yeah. I did. I did number Clark and Morehouse did Morehouse so bad. They would, they took us off the schedule my, my senior year because we beat 'em 70 to 13 my junior year for homecoming. You know, I had to show up. My mom and my girl was up in the stands. You know, I had to show out for em.


Did. So said, but we know you gonna have a prenup. Duh. Yeah. And with some, with certain things in it too. Oh yeah. Tony boy said her rats were running around. O Cho's favorite airline spirit. What's going on? Ocho Ain't got nothing to do with that airline man. That gotta do with the airport. Nah, it's, it's a rat rat everywhere in the airport. Did the, did Thera truck check luggage? How'd they get from the airport? How'd they get outta the airport on the planes? It was in the roof. It wasn't in no plane.


It was in the roof of the terminal. No, it was a plane. No it was not. Come on now don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. It, it was the roof of the terminal. That ain't got nothing to do with Spirit ain't got nothing. It ain't got nothing to do with that line. Yeah. The greatest airline of all Time. No it ain't. Yeah, that was crazy. That video, that rap was as big as hell too. Right. Oh, okay. The talent says starting a fundraiser. How much do we need to raise for you guys to take off Florida State Program and who are we bringing and who are we bringing with you? Not me. I don't want to coach. I I don't wanna coach you.


I ain't got the time. I like, I like what I'm doing. I got too many jobs. Yeah. I'm busy enough. No, no coaching for your boy. I don't know if, I don't know if they reach back out to coach to Time Prime and see if he wants to coach at Florida State. I know he wanted that job at first, but hey, Nah, they, nah, they, they played him. He ain't going there. Wow. Prime going to the Cowboys Ocho I think there was a viral clip of a gentleman that was in the attendance at the, we were at the HBCU tour.


Okay. And so we were on Morehouse campus and there was a guy in the background that everybody said that it looked like me and people were talking about that was my son. He did, He did glasses and all. Yeah, I saw that. I, it was all over the place. Actually, I spoke to the gentleman, he's an official, he was gonna be officiating the game today between Morehouse and Clark. No, that's not my son because lemme lemme tell you, lemme tell you how kids work. When you got money, you know about all your kids. Oh yeah. Ain't no a secret. You know about all of them. But he was great. But that out.


Jordan showed it, Jordan showed it to me talking, my aunt asked me to my people. Really? He looked just Like you. It did Cam I think, you know, without showing. I think what happened is, I think somebody told him that he looked like me and then he got glasses at some point in time to really look like me. Yep. Dead on. But we took a picture together. So I, I'm not sure. I'm sure he is gonna, he's gonna post it at, at some point in time. But somebody said he looked like you glasses and all He did Cam and Cam saw him. He said, oh, you sure? I like, yeah, I'm sure man.


Damn. But y'all leave me alone. Hell nah. Nah. But it was great. It was, it was great to be back, to be back on the camp. Like I said, I hadn't been, I hadn't been to more, I hadn't been on that campus in a very, very long time. It's always, it's always great to go back and be at an HBCU and, and feel the vibe and feel the energy. It was gonna be a big game. Morehouse was trying to like finish out on the strong note. I think Clark was trying to win the win the go to the, the Divid win the division and go to the, I think whatever they have. And Morehouse was trying to, to spoil it.


But it was, it was great. It's always great to get back. But hold on, find this thing guys. Y'all look, my man, that, that, that had us Ocho, that had a, had the copyright thing put on the guys. Y'all leave a man alone. Leave him alone. It's already been done. There's nothing that, that, nothing that you guys can do could undo what's already been done. Ocho and I, we gonna take our, let our, our 55 days, we going to, Hey, we going a, we going Oh, oh. 51. Oh, so 51 days days. 51 51 51. Oh, okay, okay, okay. Okay. 51. Okay. So we got 20 more days.


We got 20, 21 more days. So 21 more days. So we got 30 days, so Damn. Yeah, to the new year. Good. It gonna, so New Year's Eve, so it's, so we all here talking about half 50 year. Yeah. We gonna show the video again, but nah, nah, just let, let, let, let him be man. He did what he did. He could have come to us. He no good. He'd know. Why would we steal your video? Make it make sense. He did what he did. Yeah. Guys, leave him alone.


Let him be, we're gonna take our next 51 days. Hey, January 1st. We on new footing. Hey, we start this thing all over again. We're gonna be back, right back at the swing of thing Ocho. Then we are about 45 days away. Hey, we got a big tour show Thursday night in New Orleans, bro. We got too much going on to worry about this. Wish you wish you the best young man. Hopefully your channel grows. Hopefully you get a lot of people to come on and, and, and, and and, and you get to blossom. But I ain't have nothing about no bot. I don't know nothing about no bot. I don't know how to do any of that. That ain't got nothing to do with me, bro. That ain't got nothing to do. But you should have just stayed quiet.


Shoulda Just stayed quiet. Or try not to extort us, but hey, that's another here though, there. But we'll take, you know, look us ocho, we gonna take out 31. Hold on. We just said 51. We gonna take out 51. We got 20. We got 21 more. This one? Yeah, We got 30 next month. We good. Thanks. We got Krema Krema right around the corner. Oh, it is, it is, it is. We gonna keep, we gonna keep the main thing, the main thing. Yeah. I got already got me a Christmas gift lined up. What I'm gonna buy for myself? Hey, I'm finna get, Hey, I'm finna get me. I'm, man, I'm treat myself to so nicest. S see what you need to do is treat yourself to a hotel room with a, with, with, with some flowers and some candy and some scented candles.


Burning Who, what? And some low music. That's what you need to be doing. Who you know Don't do that. Oh, nah, nah, nah. I'm, I'm, nah, I'm, I'm, mm. Nah, I done gave up. I done gave up. Right. You ain't gave up On my, on my mama and my grandma Rest in peace. And you know how, you know, I wouldn't play with my, I wouldn't play with my family like that. That's, that's, it's too long. It's drag. It's dragging out too long. Well, dang, I tell you think Ocho, that's a big decision. Ocho Dragging out too long. I'm good on my mom and grandma. Rest in peace. Lord have mercy.


You know, you know, you know I wouldn't play with my folks like that because they ain't even here no more. I'm good and dragging out two motherfucking long. Didn't you just say we got, we got two, but we got too much going on, didn't you? Yes. Huh. All right. Same. That's, that's how I feel. Too much going on to be playing like that. Train. Train. Gotta keep going. Mercy, y'all don't listen to Ocho. Guys, thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite Aunt Shannon Sharp. He's your favorite 85 Liberty City Zone. Binga Ring of Fame Honoree. He's the pro bowler. He's the all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him ocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button.


Please make sure you hit the like button. Tell your family, friends and loved one. If they haven't subscribed, subscribe to Nightcap and you can do it through the Nightcap podcast feed or wherever you get your podcast, wherever you get your podcast from. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock. The holidays right around the corner. You got Thanksgiving, you got Christmas and you got New Year's. What better way to bring in the new year? What better way, better way to celebrate than with Shay by La Portier. Thank you. We'll ship it right to your door too. Make sure you get it for the holidays. Please Go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out.


Our newest release dropped. We had T-shirts that said I was held when I was, well, I'll lie for you before I lie to you. Those were T-shirts, black Nightcap hoodies and Popular Demand. We put Stay with me now on a hoodie because you guys requested it. And of course our bestsellers are the UN and OCHO tees. We got a lot of requests, guys. We want UN and OCHO tees in black. We listen and we dropped those last week. They're in stores currently. Quantities are limited and make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Yes. Dunk ocho. We have one more question. Ocho, will Nightcap be live in Nola for the Super Bowl? Asking for the check? Yes, absolutely.


We're gonna have a tour stop and, and Nola, it's gonna be Thursday if I'm not mistaken. Yes. Tickets will go on sale after Thanksgiving. So yes, we will have a show live from New Orleans Super Bowl week. The number 11 Alabama go on the road into Death Valley. Beat the number 15 LSU Tigers, 42 to 13. Number 20, Colorado go on the road beat Texas Tech. 41 to 20 Ole Miss number 16, Ole Miss takes down number three, Georgia 28 to 10.


Georgia Tech upsets. Number four, Miami 28. 23 Quinn ERs throws five touchdowns over 300 yards and they Florida Gators 49, the number 12 Boise State Cowboys beat. Nevada 28 21 Heisman Trophy. Hopeful Aston Genty carried the ball 34 times, 209 yards, three touchdowns. He now has 1,734 yards and 23 touchdowns on the season. Any more wins? Dak is planning, getting a, a final opinion. Seems like he's headed towards season injury, season ending hamstring surgery on a partially torn hamstring.


Zach Taylor's wife's like, guys, y'all gotta get out. My husband. Hey y'all got Y is called out his teammate, one of his teammate or teammates for lack of effort that they ended up losing to the Knicks by 30 and Mess and Miami eliminated from the MLS playoffs and they've only captured one of the 43 monkeys. The others say Peace out. That concludes Nightcap. I'm up. He's Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow night after. Who's the Sunday night game? Anytime Ash, the Lions and Texans is tomorrow is the Sunday night game.


We will be with you after the Sunday night game, Ocho, and I'll be back to give you a round the league look. But obviously first because we're going after the Lions Texans, that will be the first game out of the gate. Again, I'm your favorite. Aunt Shannon Sharp. He's your favorite number 85. We thank you from the bottom of our hearts for the support that you've given us. The love of Nightcap. Thank you. We'll see you tomorrow after the Sunday night game. Thank you guys. Really appreciate your love and support. Thank you. I love you. The. Volume,


what's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. And to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's Odoo dot com.


Hey, listeners, have a gamer on your holiday gift list, but you're still not sure what to get them. Head to Lenovo to shop unexpectedly great deals on tech this season. Gift your number one player with a brand new pc. Help them go beyond performance and game without compromise. With Intel core i nine processors, gaming happens with Intel. Shop now only@lenovo.com.


Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything, even the sound system that Auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown Deep Fit. Will the owner of a red sedan please visit guest services. Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a prop. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, chase make more of what's your Restrictions and limitations. Apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL. Order Now terms and conditions apply. See app for details.