
Tickets are on sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dunn Boogie Thomas Red Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hot, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com


And the dream Season is now complete. The Golden State Warriors of the 2015 NBA Champion on the new limited podcast series, Dubb Dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examine the controversial move that made it possible. It's never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with Jay Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. Would Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core? There's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts, The Volume


In the world of Florida Evans. Damn, damn, damn. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I am your favorite. A Shannon Sharpe. The guy that's coming into your screen is my co-host, Liberty City Legend, the bingo ringer Fame. Honor the pro bowler, the All pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And because he wanted to cash in on his dinner, he wasn't supposed to come on until Friday. He like, Hey, I wanna come on tonight. Here you is, ladies Gentlemen, Arkansas's own iso. Joe Johnson. Good to have you. Joe. Please make sure you hit the subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


Thank you so much for your support. Thank you so much for your continued support. Thank you guys for being so accepting of Joe. He's done an unbelievable job. We look forward to having him in the fall full-time as our regular basketball contributor. But thank you for all your support and your continued support. Make sure you go check out Shade by La Portier now. If you cannot find it any a city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. It's the best testing V-B-S-O-P on the market. It is tried and true and it's been tested by you, the consumer, so we'll ship it to you. Please drink responsibly and stay safe while you're out there. Check out my media company page on all of its platforms, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out.


That link is pinned in the chat. Supplies are limited, so get yours while supplies labs because once they're gone they are gone. Tickets for our not safe work to or are on sale are eight stops, goes as follows. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, LA Miami, NYC, Chicago, and we'll close things out in Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. Shehe media.com/tour. That link is pending in the chat. Also, can't wait till you see our guest line up. Hey, it's gonna be really, really fun. Make sure if we are sitting near you, come out and check out your favorite on N ocho.


You won't miss it. You don't wanna miss it. Go get your tickets. Now. The Tea Wolves. Knock out the Lakers guys. I was pressed for time. What I meant to say, Lakers going home in five. That's what I meant. But y'all, You know y'all, y'all don't let me finish my phone. Don't let me finish my sentences. If somebody would've told me, Joe, that Adman was going to struggle shooting the ball tonight and they were going to win this game because Rudy Gobert was gonna be one of the few guys in a playoff game to have a 2020 game, I would have said, okay, I like that Rudy Gobert came into the game averaging three points and six rebounds on a on the night and he gave you 27 and 24.


He gave you nine offensive rebounds. They had, they had 18 offensive rebounds. They crushed the Lakers on the glass, 54 to 37, 18 to eight on the offensive end, 36 to 29 on the defensive end, or a total of 54 for the wolves, 37 for the Lakers. And you get a man shooting five of 19 for 15 points. You got Jayden Daniels that was in foul trouble. He ended up filing out with only eight points. Mike Conley did hit a big three down the stretch, but he only had eight points. But again, it was the undoing of their bench. They got 22 points from their bench. The Lakers got four. I'm gonna say this and I'm gonna turn it over to you, Joe. JJ stubborn for him not to play Jackson Hayes to play Maxie Cleaver who hadn't played, I don't know the last time he played.


Yeah. And you play him and a lot of these guys like, and like I'm saying, I'm not saying it would've made a difference, but it's like you're not, don't play the guy at all after Rudy because you put LeBron into four. You're so small. Yeah, you are really, really small. 'cause LeBron is six nine, so LeBron is the tallest guy you got. And Rudy just was playing tap, tap, tap, tap, tap. What did you like, how did, how were the wolves able to win this game on a and and on the road in a hostile environment? I think the T Wolves really knew it was at stake tonight. You know, knowing that they wanted to try to go and get this over with, You know, the Lakers looked so lethargic on to start the game. It's like they did the T Wolves, no sense of urgency.


The T wolves had all the energy, they had the sense of urgency as if they was on the brink, You know what I mean? Right. And they kind of controlled the, the whole entire game. It was, it wasn't one time in the game to where I thought the Lakers, You know, even though they made their little surge at the end. Yeah, I got a one point lead. Yep. But I never felt threatened they was gonna win the game. I'm gonna be honest, they just had no fluidity offensively. No, no chemistry. It was just pick and roll, try to exploit Brun in the post. And man, even though Antman didn't, he didn't shoot well, I thought he put a lot of pressure on those guys and Rudy won the game for you. This is why you probably put Dorian Finn Smith at the five because you really want to eliminate Rudy.


You want to get him to where he can't play. Right. He, he's, he's, he's bound to have a game like this to where he can win you a game. And tonight, I mean man, everything was falling his way from the LOBs, the put backs just being aggressive. Randall probably, I give him the game, but I know Rudy was special tonight, but Randall, they have no answer for him when they run the pick and roll and get a mismatch. Even if they play great defense, right. He's still banging them one time, getting to a great shot, You know what I mean? So their interior just has no presence. And we knew this coming into the playoffs. We knew they had no interior presence and none tonight's show man, they, they got wore down in this series and the young t wolves took advantage, man of, of, of a wounded animal because they didn't have ocho.


You and I talked about this ocho. Yeah, I said Ocho, they don't have a big Yeah, I said if they, if they run into somebody with a big that can punish 'em, we were looking at, I was looking at it from a standpoint, well, okay, okay. If they run into a Yage Yes. Or if they run, and I'm trying to think of the bigs that was in there. Maybe if they run into same sh goon. Yeah, but I wasn't thinking about Rudy Gobert because I don't think of Rudy Gobert as an offensive weapon. Right. This was Rudy. Rudy Go's, 27 points play off career high 24 rebounds play off career high. Oh, y I'm gonna go, I'm gonna let you have it out for this. Yes sir. Players with at least 25 points and 20 re and 20 rebounds on 75% field goal shooting. How you like these names? Shaquille O'Neal Will Chamberlain, Moses Malone, ho Grant, Wes Sel, Rudy Gobert, Shaq, MVP Wilt four times MVP Moses three time MVP Ho Grant was a very important co to championship in Chicago and in the, at the Lakers, west Unsel.


He just happened to been rookie of the year and MVP in the same season, but also in the Hall of Fame. Yeah. Yeah. I thought it was, I thought it was great tonight. I thought Rudy was great. He, he's in there with some of the greats now, You know, and he gave the Lakers, he gave them problems tonight. Uncle Ocho, You know, they, yeah, they had no, but I thought he played great off of Randall and Edwards, You know what I mean? Meaning by their aggression getting to the basket, whether it's him getting pushed, help come, it it, that kind of got him going 'cause he scored it opened him up. Yeah. Because now you come to help you come, guy gets beat, you go to help you see him lobbing. Because here's the thing, they didn't run down one play for Rudy. Nah. All he did was get he called LOBs and he got it off the rim and dunked it home.


Yeah. And he got something early. He got, he got a couple easy lifts and dunks early, which kind of got him going. And he kind of carried that throughout the whole night. And defensively he was a monster. Blocking shots, all turn shots and offensively. He was just a cleanup man. Yeah. What, what you think ojo, Hey listen, not only was it a cleanup man, to piggyback on what Joe talk about. Listen, when you get cut and they tell you not to get in ocean, they tell you not to get in ocean for a reason. 'cause once shark smell blood in the water, where they coming to get you and the timber will spill. They, they smell blood the night a game like this three one, You know, you got to put some type of effort, some type of intensity going forward. The Lakers came out, they came out flat, they came out flat.


The wolves had already beat them, beat him at home before. So coming to, again, coming into the hostile environment, they already got confidence because listen, we've already done it before, so what's the chance Yep. That we can do it again. The likelihood is probably good. Even with Anthony Edwards not having the type of game he has to have, you have the unlikely person that comes out and wins the game for you. Rudy Gobert, he dominated both, both ends of the court neutralize la la drives having feasting on second chance points. Fucking looking bad. It's looking bad. It was bad. It bad. Listen, and, and You know, I, I don't, I don't know how you feel, I feel for you, even with ethical, struggling really struggling from the field, Julius Randall, they had no answer for him.


No answer for him. You know, and he's a, he's a big body that loves the bang and takes it outta you. If, like I said, if, if you told me that the a man gonna play 43 minutes, Joe, he gonna go five or 19 from the floor, he'll be o of 11 from three. I said, oh Joe, we got this one in the bag, man. We got, I know, look, Julius Randall gonna give you Julius Randall number, but Julius gonna be somewhere between 18 and 25. Okay. I'm not working so old, so, but you telling me ad man is gonna struggle. Cut this off. I'm looking. Okay, so, so who else can win a game? I saw Jayden Daniels play really well. Nas Reed has had a game. Nas Reed played 21 minutes. He gave you three points. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, Dienzo, he was three or 13.


Two or 12. He gave you n points. Nik Alexander Walker, he gave you 10 points. Ain't know that was the bench production. But if you tell me they gonna, hey y'all going, the Lakers are gonna hold the T woods 40% from the floor, 15% from the three point line. Oh Joe, we, Hey Joe, we going Joe, we going back to Minnesota. Right? And I ain't talking about to the Mall of America, we going back to kick butt. Hey, it don't seem, it seem like the Lakers had to exhaust almost every option just to get a bucket. It seems so hard for them to come across points. I'm like, man, why, why does it seem like it's so hard for them to score? And, and meanwhile Minnesota just putting their head down, getting to the basket files, layups at will.


He shot 30, shot 33 free throws. Gave Vincent the last two games, didn't give him no points. He played 26 minutes. He did get a couple of rebounds, a couple of assists. But you can't win like that. Jerry Vanderbilt, he, he's a lot like Ben Simmons. He's not really looking to score unless he got a uncontested layup or dunk. Right. So now that hurts you on the offensive end because they know that. So now his guy's gonna always look to help. Yeah. I, You know, give, give the wolves, give the wolves credit they deserve, they they earned this one man Lakers, 16 points in the fourth quarter. You right there, you, you down 10, you claw back, you out scoring 31 to 22. So you're down one and miss free throws.


I don't think, look, like I said, Luca hurt that back and I was surprised that he was able to come back in and give you what he had. He did give you 16 points in the second half. Yeah. LeBron didn't play well tonight. Rui, I, I thought Ruy played really well tonight. Yeah, he gave, gave him a great bull. Hey Ru was Ru Ruy was out there hot, but hitting threes. Officer Reeds struggled to get, I mean, officer Reeds struggled again shooting the ball. Yeah. Look, you got, you got three guys. The Lakers gonna have to get some depth though, Joe. They're gonna have to get somebody to come off the bench. They need a big bad. And I understand there's no bigs out there. Ocho you and I was talking about this, they got Alex Lin, all they got is a seven foot coach. He, he primed to go coach high school or, or be an assistant in college.


He gave them nothing and then he became unplayable. Right. Jackson Hayes, I I, I just don't look, I don't think they were counting on him to give them much, but he really didn't give them anything. He, he became, he became what I expected Rudy go better become, which was unplayable. But here's the thing though, you see the regular season is so much different than the playoffs. You seen how right when they got Luca, they had that surge. So when they was playing, well, everybody was talking Yes. Gonna come out the west and they were, they, they were number one in defense. I don't know how, but they were number one in defense and they was playing some extreme basketball. Right. But when you get the playoffs, the playoffs, you wanna expose teams weaknesses, right?


Yes. You wanna, you you want to try to eliminate they strengths and expose they weaknesses. They weaknesses was the interior presence on offense and defense They had. Yes. They didn't have no answer for that. They explored it. The Temple Wars exploited the Lakers, all, all series. I told you since from game one. I was like, man, the Timberwolves, they scare me. They scared. Yeah, they, they came in, one dude took, took the game, one had home court threw out and they, they gentleman sweep, You know, closing the deal on the road. Go ahead Joe. Hey, I got a question for y'all now. Now listen, now you, you said, you said JJ Bradock was stubborn, You know, based on ation on what he was able to, what he did with the bench.


When you think about the rotation, you think about the bench, the, for the lack of production that they already have with the rotation even mattered. You Well I, all you, all you have is Luca and LeBron. A AR didn't show up. Ru showed up tonight, but they're so they're ru showed up the night too. Yeah, they're so inconsistent game to game. Hell, it's confusing JJ on what he needs to be able to do to even give them a chance to win when everybody's playing so inconsistent. Sometime LeBron has nights off sometime Luca has nights off, so he can't even find himself in the rhythm to get the right rotation in the game to even give the Lakers a chance to win. I said he's stubborn.


What did he do? What did he doing? What did he do in game four? He played as, he played those starting five, the entire second half. Yeah. You see that's stubborn, right? Yeah. You see, okay, Jackson Hayes, you're not going to Jackson. Hayes doesn't even take his, doesn't even take his warmup off. That's stubborn because, well Jackson, you are not giving us anything anyway. But at that, at some point in time you're like, well hey, we gotta have somebody to try to keep root A You got one job, Jackson, keep Rudy off the glass. Yeah, I don't know. That's the only, that's the only job. Yeah. And but how do you gonna keep when you Rudy is seven two and your tallest guy is six nine. I mean he just, I mean he's just reaching up, getting the ball. He dunking it back in, they doing drop off. Because like I said, you got 40 years old.


LeBron and LeBron is not sitting in the chair anymore. I, he'll, hey, he could, he'll make a great chase down, right? He weak side and occasionally he can make a play. But that's not his. That's not where he's great at currently. Luca can't play defense. Ar can't play defense. So you get guys getting beat up one to two dribbles. So now your interior has to come. So even, even though they're not real protectors, they come, they drop off Rudy P. Yeah, yeah. Rudy P Hey look, oh they C oh with the lob. JJ went to that zone, bro. Say come we got to go man. Five, we gotta get out this zone. They picking us apart. They try. Yes. Any wrinkle in there to try to switch it up? But anything that the Lakers did, it was wrong tonight. Uncle Ocho, the T Wolves when they went to that zone, what'd they do?


They hit the middle of the zone. Now we got the dumb down the Rudy, that's it. Play out for three. You're giving us too many Options. This is, it's too easy.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I am Camila Ramon Pelotons first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur and almost most importantly AEO enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami Apre enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Asho is where sports music and fitness collide and we cover it all sit downs with real game changers in the sports world like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Shumate, who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It all Changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know, you're not Latina enough. First of All, what does that mean? My mouth Is wide open. Yeah. History makers like the ska family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought to you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


And the dream season is now complete The Golden State Warriors of the 2015 NBA champion On the new limited podcast series Dubb Dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examined the controversial move that made it possible. It's never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


This is Courtside with Laura Corti, the podcast that's changing the game and breaking down the business of women's sports like never before. I'm Laura, the founder and CEO of deep blue Sports and Entertainment. Your inside source on the biggest deals, power moves and game changers. Writing the playbook on all things women's sports. From the heavy hitters in the front office to the powerhouse women. On the pitch, we're talking to commissioners, team owners, influential athletes, and the investors betting big on women's sports. We'll break down the numbers, get under the hood and go deep on what's next. Women's sports are the moment. So if you're not paying attention, you're already behind. Join me Courtside for a front row seat into the making of the business of women's sports. Courtside with Laura Corti is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Corti starting April 3rd on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Yeah. When you got guys, first of all, you got a presence inside. Yeah, you got 7 2, 7 3 Rudy Gobert and you got guys and you're so afraid that they're gonna make the three. So now you're scrambling to try to get out to the three. So if you miss, because you got guys scrambling, that means somebody, that means a Gabe Vincent, that means A-A-A-A-A do. Yeah. Is trying to hold Rudy, Rudy Gobert off from getting an offensive rebound. Damn, that's not gonna work. That happens. That's not gonna work. But You know what, look, we can talk about this. This says more about the wolves. We know the, the, the Lakers have some deficiencies. It's gonna be interesting to see how they, how they repair those because they got problems.


This ain't no, this ain't no situation where we can troubleshoot. You know what I'm saying? We go up on, hey, we got problem. Hey, right Joe, we got problems. This ain't no troubleshoot, this ain't no issue. This is a problem. See if we can troubleshoot, we can troubleshoot issues like, okay, I, I think You know, okay, well, okay, we'll try this, try. No, no, no, no, no, no. We got problem. This is a major problem that we got right here. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Let, let, let's talk about one thing about problems. There has to be a solution. When you say there's, there's a problem, there has to be a solution. You say there's no troubleshooting and you say they need a big, what would you like to see the Laker do going forward going into next season that will give them a chance? Because having a big is a good thing down the stretch in the playoffs. So when you come to, when you're playing games like this, you can go big when you're not playing as small, where you at a disadvantage or do you go and get a su another superstar, make it a big nah, you don't need another superstar.


You, you, you, I don't know if you have the pieces to go get another superstar because now that's going to even, that's going to even weaken more of your depth. Yeah. Because you don't have depth to begin with. Right. Remember that's what killed Phoenix. They got no depth. So yeah, you got three big guys. But when you, when one of those guys go out or two of those guys go out, now what do you have? So if Luca, it's basically Luca and LeBron can never leave the court together. You if You know that what? They always gotta be staggered. Yeah. So normally Luca plays the entire first quarter. LeBron plays about nine to 10 minutes. Right. Luca starts the game on the bench, LeBron comes back. And so LeBron normally goes out with about six minutes, six or seven minutes in the second quarter.


So he normally, they try to play LeBron somewhere between 16 to 18 minutes. Right in the first half. Luca's gonna play somewhere between 18 and 20 minutes in the first half. They, they, they've got to look, I would've liked to see them get Unas. He's a guy that can rebound, he can give you, he's a more of an offensive weapon than, than Jackson Hayes. Yeah. He's more of a defensive president. He can bang a little bit better, but that's what they need. Now. They're not gonna get somebody that's an all star big that ain't happening. You know? So you would have to piece it together and make do true make. But they got, they, they, they no piecing together. That's what they been doing. They had duct tape tied to the goddamn damn season already.


Well you gonna have to piece this. You have still have to piece it together. Ocho, because you got Luca, you gonna have to make Muca offer LeBron. It all depends. LeBron can opt out. Does he opt out? Take less money so they can go get somebody that's better than a mid-level. Right? Maybe you have to get somebody or a Joe that's that's going that's that'll play for around 15 million because you try to go get somebody on a mid-level or you try to get somebody on a, on a, on a men deal. I, I don't know if that, I don't know if that's enough because Kyrie and ad they, hey, the wolves gonna, OKC is not going anywhere. Right. That's the timber wolves aren't going anywhere. You see Houston, they're gonna try to get a superstar.


She's still gonna try to land Kevin Durant and they might be willing to give up one or two of those young pieces in order to do it. And some of those draft picks in order to do it. So Steph and Jimmy Butler, Draymond, they're not going anywhere. So the Lakers, yeah, they got two superstars, but that's not enough anymore. You need auxiliary pieces. And those auxiliary pieces aren't good enough currently for what the Lakers have now. They're gonna, they're gonna try to spin it. Well we didn't have time to play together. You, you had more than enough time. You're not good enough. Yeah, they, I mean it it, they're not good enough right now, Joe. No. They, they, they not, not, not to win a championship, not to compete for one. They definitely gotta improve the depth the bench.


They gotta have some, some guarantee coming off that bench. Ocho somebody who can come into the game, change the game, change the dynamic of the game, maybe give you a spurt here and there. But having to put all this on this on, on Luca and bro, it is just too much to carry. Especially out in the west man. They just too out in Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? Especially LeBron at his age. Yeah. So basically what I'm hearing from y'all is I heard the report in pre-game asked JJ a question about rotation. Then I'm thinking now we both, both of you had have shared your, your, your, your expertise on the bench not being good. So basically JJs, JJs hands are tied.


So what he doing with the rotation, what he doing with the bench in game and damn they're justified based on what we're all saying. Oh Joe. But if you concrete, yeah, he had no, he had no choice At some point in time, you the, the job of a coach is to try something different. Just because it didn't work last game doesn't mean it won't work this game. You got to try. So you just gonna, so you see a team gashing you, you like, well well babe, we just gonna stay in this coverage. Hey so we stand in front, gimme listen you talking about try something different. They didn't play the whole season. We in the playoffs. Well if, if, if, if it really gave us nothing during the season, now we get to the playoffs, what's the chance of it? I don't want the game to get away from us. I don't want the game to slip away.


So what am I gonna do? I'm gonna keep the people in that give us our best chance to win. But here's the thing. You've never gotten out rebounding in the previous games. You didn't get out rebounded by 17. Yeah, they, Rudy Gobert, Rudy go, Rudy Gobert average three points in six rebounds. Now he's got 15 and nine, 15 and 12 in the first half. Right? Wouldn't you want to try something different? So all of a sudden the guy that was averaging three, he has 15 at the half with 24 more minutes to go, he normally gives you six rebound and he's 3, 4, 5 rebounds. Clear that already. Right. So clearly what I anticipated, You know what guys, I was gonna go with this young, this small rotation. Yeah. I've got to expand that. You right. I, I'm, Hey guys' gotta be ready.


You know Joe, sometimes you like, hey you don't anticipate a guy getting in. He don't, might not anticipate playing and a desperate time called for desperate measures. Yeah. And so you bring that to the table. Anthony Edwards, his last three series, this series, he knocked out Luca and LeBron last year. He knocked out Yoki Murray and he also knocked out Katie and book. He's 23. He got some PE on his wall. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Guess what the man ain't done? No, no he ain't done. He just get started. He 23, they take on the winner even he got a favor, a favorable bracket because they take on the winner of Golden State Houston. Yeah. So you, you avoid, you avoid potentially OKC, you avoid potentially the nuggets you avoid potentially the clippers until the Western conference finals.


Right, right. If I'm, Hey look, if I'm the wolves, that's, that's exactly, that's the exact route I was looking to take, right? Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah. Because if they, let's say they do pull the Warriors out and You know they gotta play the Warriors in the second round. I think they can beat the Warriors. I think they, I do too. With the size that they have. You see what they did to the Lakers throughout this series. I think they're well and capable of doing this exact same thing to the Warriors because the Warriors are small too. They're small. Very small. Yeah. Because the question is how do they play because Draymond, you like to play Draymond at the five Draymond's gotta deal with, you gotta deal with Jew Randall. Yeah. Now, okay, you put him on Jew Randall, do that mean you play Keon Looney or you take Jackson Davis.


So do you, because they don't like to play two bigs. They like to play, they like to play mart at the five. I tell you, I think, I don't know, I think maybe, maybe the Warriors stick to the guns, but I think the wolves are definitely gonna stick to what they've been doing. 'cause it's got 'em to, it's gonna get 'em to the next round. Yeah. Honestly, and I think with, with them just coming in with the aggression, the confidence off of winning this series against the Lakers, man the swag is high. They're, they're pleading, playing, playing the right way at the right time. Everything is, You know, timing, You know what I mean? And right now, yep man they look like a tough team to beat in the seven game series on ocho. They do. LeBron in game five, he was 22.7, rebound six assists nine of 21, 1 of five from three three or six from the free throw line.


He had seven rebounds, six assists, two steals, three turnovers. He didn't, I didn't, I didn't think he played well. I mean look, you talk about a guy that's gonna probably be on the first to second team all NBA at the age of 40 in year 22. Yeah. So 24 8 and eight is the first season in 20 years that he didn't have average at least 25 points. He's an all star, most 20 point games by 40-year-old. 30 point games, 40 point games, most points, rebounds, three point in age, most points rebounds, assistant. I mean as he goes on he's always gonna be, guess what? In year 23 he's gonna have the most points, most 20 points, most 30 points, most 40 points. He gonna have the most points.


Most rebounds, most assist, most steel, most blocked. And if he plays 24 seasons, he gonna have the, once you get to a certain level ocho. So it's like Elon Musk, he's the world's richest man. Every dollar he get, he adds to that. Yeah. So LeBron every year that he plays, he just adds to what somebody's, I mean Vince Carter year 22, he, I think he average what five points a game. LeBron average 24 points a game. 24 8 and eight. Special. Special. Luka Dons he 28. Eight and eight and two he led the Lakers in points, led the Lakers on assist, led the Lakers in steals three pointer MAs playoff series, assist the trade, Maverick's none.


Lakers none. Does this trade change now 'cause Luca got bounced in the first round. Does it change your view on the trade? Are we still upset at Nico for making this move Joe? Nah, I still like the trade for the Lakers. You know, I want, I just want Luca to really, You know, getting, getting the gym, this, this, this summer Uncle Ocho. Yeah. Really get his body right. So he's able to go through a grueling, taxing NBA season. Right. And, and come out and be ready for the postseason. 'cause the postseason is ultimately what we play for. And it just seems to me every, he wears down every year, every postseason man, he's bogged down with injuries and it just seems like every play, it hurts him.


It hurts him. He does defense. But offensively he can get to that step back still some way, some I don't know how, but yeah, I think he just really gotta take ownership bro and just get his body right and come back ready to compete. I agree Joe. I agree with everything you said. That's the biggest thing. It, it seems like every year wants the playoffs after a couple of rounds he's hobbling. It takes him forever to get up off the court. Everything just, it's like he needs to be able to have his body to be able to go through the rigors of an entire season, not just the regular season. Yeah. I look in the regular season, he gonna put up 28 8 na. Right. He put that up, go ahead and sleep. Right. But it's the postseason where he starts the ball down where the injury starts.


You know, because You know he, it's a more physical game and that's why you gotta get a wolves. You gotta get a wolves credit to Uck Ocho this, this is what they would, this is what they plan to do. They plan to come out and make it a physical series every game physical pick you up full court bump grind. Yeah. And then by the time we get to game five six, we'll see who starts your way down a little bit. I seen a lot of, I seen a lot of short shots tonight. Air balls. That's fatigue man. That's fatigue sitting there. Them guys playing a lot of minutes night in and night out just to have a day of rest and then jump right back out there playing at that high intensity. He just couldn't keep up. Listen, yeah, consider LeBron and Luca played 46 minutes and he turn around and they had to play another 40 minutes.


Yeah. LeBron's 40. Like I said, you can talk about all you want to. It's a mind thing. No it's not. The mind might be willing, the body just ain't able anymore. Right. There's a reason why as we start to age, we can't do what we once did. Don't think Usain Bolt didn't train, but as he aged, he couldn't run 9 5 8, he couldn't run 9 6 3. He was still fast. Yeah. He still could run nine eight and that was, that would win him to gold medal. Yeah. But as he started to age, he couldn't turn those times that he once could, nobody can. So this notion where hey he he spent all that money. It doesn't matter how much money you spend father time, sometimes he'll tap you on the shoulder. Sometimes he just pull your ass down. Mm. He tapping Braun on the shoulder.


He got ba look of me. Yeah, I I think, I think he, I think he, I think he tapping on him but at the same time you gotta give him a man some help. You gotta give Bron some help. Yeah. You can't, you can't put all that onus on him to come out and try to lead your defense and offense. No, no. Right. It's just too taxing on the body man. It's way too taxing on the body. And it kind of shows throughout this series. Yeah. Once upon a time you, like you said like when he was in his late twenties and even to his mid thirties, like 35. Yeah. But man good you talking, you start talking about, you think about it. LeBron still plays 70 games this season. Yeah. He played 70 games and you're asking him, he still give you 24, he still give you eight rebounds.


He still give you eight assists. He still give you a block or two a game. He still give you a steal or two a game. You are asking him to constantly think, hey make the right play all the time. And he's Ed Reed of your defense. You're asking a 40-year-old to do a lot. Yeah, really a lot. And I understand you ask that. Excuse me. You ask those things from your great players Joe, You know that the greater you are the more they ask of you. But here's the thing I've always told people and I think, I don't think people understand this as you start to age, they don't compare you to anyone else. They compare you to your younger self. That's sir. They compare LeBron to a 25, a 30, a 33-year-old LeBron.


They're not comparing him to Jason Tatum, they're not comparing him to a man. They're comparing because they remember what they saw when he was their age. Not factoring in He's 40 now. Yeah. He can't elevate. Like he once could, he can summon it up. He could give you a game or two here or there, but they have to be spread out. He could give you a corner where he goes off. But if he give you a corner where he gives you somewhere between 16 and 20, you best believe that next quarter gonna probably be somewhere between zero and four. It it, I mean it just, it is what it is. I gotta be honest Joe. Yeah, yeah. You know, You know how like when we young, we pulling testosterone so Yeah, yeah. We, we got plenty of energy we can go all day, You know what I mean?


And as you ain't Yeah. You start to lose some of that and You know, it shows, it shows you ain't as cut up no more as you used to be. I as you tell it when you were young, I looking at be, I walked about to be looking at myself and I flip my shirt off. Oh Joe, I done got so bad that I take a shower my shirt on. Yeah. I don't wanna see this. Let the steam go. I'll let the steam get good and hot. All the murals foggy and You know, I'm curious. I I love, I love this talk about father, father time and, and and, and father time touching on the shoulder at some point he is coming and I just, I just have a question. I just have a question. Yes. And I sit back and I think about it. At what point does father time catch up to me?


He done caught up to you. That's why you sitting here talking to me, you ain't playing football. And I, well I mean, see you see how he caught up to you. He caught up to you and he caught up to you. He caught up to you 15 years ago. Think so That's how he caught up. You think so? Yeah. You think father time caught you? No, you might can run, you might can run in a straight line but your lateral quickness is not what it once was. And that's the thing that go with athletes is the lateral stuff. See where you could win Ocho Was that lateral that ta Yeah. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. So what you track? Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. So you trying to tell me I can't move louder no more? Nah, not like you used to.


Not not not to the point where you could escape these young dbs. Yeah. If another 40 something year old going against you. Yeah, you get by hill. Hold on Pastor Tan. I'm talking about Jalen Ram. That who stinging the first sting second. Huh? Well everybody you just named boy I put 'em in the blender. Boy don't ever don't disrespect me like that man. These feet got a mind of their own baby. I know. And they say let's, let's walk straight ahead. That what they say. That's what they saying. Don't Joe. They say, Hey we don't, hey we done served, we done get hey, no, you done get me right. But, but listen, IIII really, I would, I would really love to put Father time to attest. I I I really would. Especially during this time right now. But I know some of the players just let's, what'd you, lemme ask you a question here.


Some of the people, what did you run the four eight coming outta college? Huh? What'd you run The four coming outta College Pro? 4, 4 3 on Pro day at at at USC. I had to run that USC You Think you run four three again right now? Absolutely not. Exactly. Do you Think you could ever, if I gave you a year to lemme ask you a question? Yeah. If I gave you a year to trade, you Think you could run four, three? Probably not. Maybe four Exactly. 4, 4, 4, 4. All the time. 4, 4, 4, 5. Yeah, but my, my my I believe you could run four five again. Oh shit. Shit me boy. I run four, five right now, I'll tell you. No lie. I promise you and I could run four, five. You lie with no with no training. But listen, when I think about it, when, when I think about it, I'm thinking about my game in general.


Huh? My game is about finesse. My game quickness. It wasn't, it wasn't really about running straight or being fast. I get, that's my point. Lemme just, that's one of the first thing to go when you, when you get all this, your lateral quickness. Stay with me a little bit now. Now look, I'm I'm real quick 'cause I be dodging them now. You know they be coming at me and I be like Uhuh, nah, I can't do that. You, you feel me? Yeah. But you still can't dodge 'em like you once could you right back that but ocho your game was predicated your, your, your game was predicated on that. That that that one step. It's still there too. See now that thing's so slow, they telegraphing that ocho no good. Where that stab you going here.


Hey, I wanna put father time to the test. Jalen Ramsey with all due respect sauce. Gardner, Derrickson Lee, Jr. Pastor Attain. If, if at any point you Young Bulls are training in the off season I'm in shape, I would love to put on my piece and just test the don't do it. And I this should be fourth corner point. Go ahead. Go ahead o finish up. Finish up the point I'm saying this would be great, this would be great footage for us to be able to see where I'm at at 57 years old and if I, I know where you are and if I can hang with the young Bulls O Joe don't go up there and mess up your Achilles mess up a hamstring or something. I ain't got hurt all my life then that's the do you don't want to get hurt now and you don't want get hurt as you, as you get old because it sucks rehabbing as a old person, Trust me fourth O Joe Ocho fourth quarter points this se series Nas Reed had Nas Reed had 27 points in the fourth quarter.


LeBron had 26 mm. Luca had 23 mm So your first guy off the bench for the T Wolves outscored your two stars in the fourth quarter. Na re that's how you lost Hey Nas is special man. He was special throughout this series. They had no, they had no matchup for him. Unc, they ac they actually had no matchup for none of they big but de no Nas Reed and Julius Randall. They had no matchup for them. Dudes who can put it. Yeah. We be honest, they didn't have a matchup for nobody. They did, they don't match up with Aunt man. They don't match up with Rudy Gobert. They don't match up with Nas Reed. They don't match if you really think about it. Yeah. The guys that they match up with is that you're not really counting on those guys, but those guys played above what they normally played.


Yeah. Jayden Daniels played above what he normally plays at. Yeah. So you got Antman doing what Antman does. You got, you ramble doing what you ramble normally does, but now you get guys that you're not really counting on to give you that and you get Jayden, Jayden McDaniels giving you extra. Yeah, yeah. Or you get, you get A-A-A-A-A Nas Reed coming off the bench and then clutch time. He's per, he's he's only missed one shot at clutch time. So he's damn near perfect from in, in, in the five minute clutch time. Last five minutes of the game, the game within five points. So when you get one team and their guys are doing exactly what you hope they would be, it's kinda like when you go into a game but you're like, okay, oh Ocho in this game right here, OCHO should probably give us about probably six to eight for 90 to 105.


Damn two touchdown, one touchdown. Let's give one touchdown. Two two. He'll get us inside to five two. Okay, whoosh gonna do what he does, blah blah. It's just like that and a basketball game. Okay, I'm expecting, I'm expecting Aman to do what that man does give us his 27. That's what he average Drew Randall give us what he does. He's fully healthy. Anything that I get from anything I get from Gobert because Gobert normally he can't play extended minutes, right because he doesn't match up. They put him in the pick and roll, they get him away from the basket now it's a bonus. Whatever you get from him. Yeah, it now, there you go. This is more than a bonus. Yeah.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Camila Ramon Pelotons first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur and almost most importantly Apre enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami Apre enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Atho is where sports music and fitness collide and we cover it all Sit downs with real game changers in the sports world like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Shumate, who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It all Changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know you're not Latina enough. First of All, what does that mean? My mouth Is wide open. Yeah. History makers like the Suat family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


And the dream season is now complete The Golden State Warriors of the 2015 NBA Champion on the new limited podcast series Dubb Dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examined the controversial move that made it possible. It's never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


This is Courtside with Laura Corte, the podcast that's changing the game and breaking down the business of women's sports like never before. I'm Laura, the founder and CEO of deep blue Sports and Entertainment. Your inside source on the biggest deals, power moves and game changers. Writing the playbook on all things women's sports. From the heavy hitters in the front office to the powerhouse women. On the pitch, we're talking to commissioners, team owners, influential athletes, and the investors betting big on women's sports. We'll break down the numbers, get under the hood and go deep on what's next. Women's sports are the moment, so if you're not paying attention, you are already behind. Join me Courtside for a front row seat into the making of the business of women's sports. Courtside with Laura Corti is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Corti starting April 3rd on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Speaking of hardheaded, before the game. JJ Reddick You mean after the game? Before? Okay. Before the game. JJ Reddick stormed out of the press or after a question about substitution, he took offense to a question that basically asked if he would lean on his assistant co. If his assistant coaches. When it comes to helping with Substitution. Substitution, excuse me. Are you saying that because I'm inexperienced and that it was inexperienced decision that I made? You don't think I talked to my assistant about substitutions every single time out? That's a weird assumption. He stormed out. I would've stormed out too. Yes. I have no choice. Yes, I talked to my assistants hell, my assistants.


No too. We don't have a choice. How many times, lemme ask a question Ocho, lemme ask you a question. Ocho, how many times have JJ Reddick been a coach in the NBA? I think that's a very valid question because he is inexperienced as a coach and You know what And it's a very all, all he had to do because if he leaned on his coaches, yes, I lean on my coaches. That's a part of like when we have a tieback, we group together and say what do you think? Yeah. How does ru, how does Rui look? How does DOE look? How does LeBron look? How does, first of all that's LeBron and Luca is on it. They already said LeBron at the six minute mark. You're coming out to get a blow for two to three minutes. Alright, we'll put you back in Luca if it's really good and we are up 10, 12, you might come out the last minute of the first quarter.


Right. So that way we can still an extra minute or so because we get to tide the TV time out. Yes sir. So you get one minute there, you got another other minute or two there and then we gonna let you sit for four minutes. So we going to steal some time. Everybody else is on a rotation. Like, okay, hey pull him. Get in there. Yeah, but I don't Think you can't get mad when people ask you questions. Ocho, that's a part about being a coach. I, I understand it even though being a coach but also being a reporter. It's about watching the game also being a reporter. It's about understanding. Well hell, we are in a position if I'm a lake reporter, damn we do gotta keep look at them in there. We do gotta have 'em play all four quarters. 'cause we not getting up now that's that. Don't look in the game like that. Ocho My job is, my job is to ask you questions.


What's going on? Okay, I I understand. I'm, I'm just, I'm just seeing it from the lens on both sides. No, you seen it from the lens of the player and you end up upset that somebody questioned the coach. Okay. Yeah. I mean you Right, but I mean just, you gotta realize most of these reporting OCHO have never played, they've never been in the huddle. They've never had the sub You talk. And so we look at, we athletes look at the game. Totally different than the lay person or the casual fan, especially if we're professionals, we understand. Well why you call that dumb plate, you think I called it? Because I, I didn't want to get no yards. Right. Hey, what's the play we got that's gonna lose a four yard? Yep. Call that one. Hey, hey.


What? Hey, what's that play that we got that, that's gonna call Joe the air elbow that shot dribble the ball outbound. Yeah. That's the play I wanna run outta this time about right, right, right. Of course not right. Nah, normally, normally your assistant coaches, and now it is a lot of 'em nowadays, but normally your assistant coaches stay in the head coach's ear. You have a head assistant and he keeps coaching intact as far as, okay, look o of have been out there 12 straight minutes. We might need to give him a blow. You know what I mean? So, yep. Normally your assistant is always an extension of the head and he normally probably Scotty Brooks, I'm thinking Scotty Brooks is his leader, then Nate is number two. Yeah. So they may tell you like, well, I got profiles, we, You know what I mean?


Like, we can't, we, we might wanna take him out and give him a break. Right. So for him to go with them guys for that extended period of time, he probably would just like forget it. Yeah. I don't think he had no trust in any of those guys coming off that bench. He felt he was gonna go with his big guns and he struggled. Yeah. Dang. But hey Anthony Edwards, but as a, but as a co, but Oh, Joe. But as a coach, You know this, when it goes well, you are genius. Yes sir. When it doesn't go well, you're gonna get second guessed. That's how it is. That's a, that's a part of it. You know, when somebody, if somebody asks you, you play, you play a quarterback and somebody asks you what you saw, you can't say, I saw what you saw.


I hope you didn't see what I see because I, I look in this, in this downing distance. Yes ma'am. In this area of the field, this is what they normally play. I thought I had, this guy made a great play. You know they study film too. They get paid. Yeah, you do. You know, You know they play other, they play other playoffs. I, I was quick to tell my coaches that. I tell Mike that all the time. I said, Hey, You know that guy got paid too. That Right, right. He picked up his check on Monday just like I did. So don't think, hey, I'm the only one getting paid and they just found this guy, he, he jumped on the back of a truck somewhere. Nah, bro, he in the NFL too. He here for a reason because sometimes I think coaches realize, hey, any, and I, and I tell this all the time, Joe, anybody in the professional league has the ability to make anybody else in a professional league look bad.


Yeah. Yeah. I don't care if it's the best, best baseball, best basketball player against the whatever somebody might think is the worst, he still can light his ass up. Absolutely. A receiver that you're like, man, who is this king? Hold up. What game was that? Oh, lead McConkey. Woo. Remember that play up game? He was cook it, don't you cooking boy, get everybody the business you were cooking. Yeah. See, that's what I tell you. That's what I tried to tell Joe. What? That's what I tried to tell Joe. I I, I tried to tell him, You know, you take one of the better athletes of all time, You know I'm talking about me, me playing you one on one. Oh man.


Here we, you feel, Hey listen, I'm gonna tell you when I go by you, there's a reason why they call you ice school. 'cause you gonna be by your damn self trying to guard, Hey this ain this ain't what you want. You gonna need plenty help, brother. Trust me. You need plenty help. Hey, you trust me. Once I get you out there in space at the top of the key, it's a wrap. I can get it. I put the ball on the floor and listen, I'm gonna get my shot. I'm gonna get to my spot. Me and I, you, I, you playing, I seen you play already. Whatcha talking about No, you ain't seen me. Well if you saw me play, You know you can't do nothing with me. She talk about Yeah, but the rockets blow out.


The Warriors step Curry led the Warriors than scoring. But he only finished with 13 points on four 12 shooting. No other starters. Starters in double figures. Jimmy Butler had eight, Draymond had seven. The Rocket starters led by Ahman. Thompson had 25. Dylan Brook, 24 Fred Van Fleet continued his heart shooting. Yep. He had 26. Alfredson had 15 and Jalen Green had 11. Thompson was 25 6 rebounds. Five steals three blocks, eight assist eight to 12 field goals. He's the fifth player in NBA history with 25 points, five plus steals, three plus block in a playoff game joining.


Oh the Rockets, I mean rock, that's Rockets players joining Hakeem Laal did it twice. Charles Barkley, Elvin Hayes and Rick Berry or that in NBA Wow in NBA history. 25 plus points five plus steals three plus blocks and a playoff game. Loja did it twice. Charles Barkley did it. Elvin Hayes did it. Rick Berry Thompson is also the youngest to do it. She goon is averaging 20, almost 20, 21 points. 11 rebounds. 5.2 assists. The first 20, the first center in NBA history to average those numbers through his first five career playoff game. Look, I thought the, the, the rockets lent one get away the other night, Joe.


They really did. I thought the inexperienced showed they did a great job tonight. Jumped on them. I'm not, I'm sure I Doka is upset because they had to put his starters back in. Yeah. You never wanna did that. Your starters down. They cold, they chilling. They, they ain't laughing. They talking the next day. Hey y'all back up. But it was, Hey, they did a, they did a great job tonight. Steph didn't have it tonight. Jimmy didn't have it tonight. And the show we got, hey, they going, they going back to Golden State. I think they feel confident Joe. I think they feel confident they can go to Golden State and get a victory and bring this thing back to Houston. One more time. I think Houston can, they are, they were the aggressive tonight, You know, from start to finish.


Aren't they Uncle Ocho, they controlled it from start to finish. You could tell they were the more desperate team and they came out hungry. They didn't want the season to end. You could tell. So yes, I think they're very capable of going to Goal State, winning the game and then bringing it back home for game seven. This is a, this has been a fun, You know, grueling series man. And it's like all these series in the west, even in the east, this, these first rounds are so tough and going to beat you up so bad that when the second round comes, damn. You gotta hope. You gotta hope some of these guys stay healthy man. Yeah. Right. We, we still got a lot, lot, lot, lot of basketball left to play. That's why you try to finish as quick as you possibly can. If you can end a team in four, end them in four.


If you can end them in five, end them in five because you need the rest. Don't let this thing go. Six. Don't let this thing go seven when you could have ended it in five. And so you see what Boston did you see what Minnesota? Did you see what the Cavs did? You see these teams? They like look man we ain't fit to DD with y'all. We ain't trying to get on no plane no more. Yeah. Hey, well hey Kenny Atkinson said look, we going down to Miami take 2 cents of clothes 'cause we are not coming back. Hey so you are right. But I I I, You know, watching this game, you can tell man I like Thompson. I like him. He gr Hey, hey he a two-way player 'cause he could do it all. He and his brother. Yeah, he, he and his brother.


They they special they special talent. They are the like Swiss army knives of your team. Yeah. Can explode for You know, 30 points a night. But gonna do the intangibles as far as steals, playmaking, defend, pick up full court, harass you and man, I thought he played some special defense on Steph tonight. I think he's Uncle Ocho. I think he learning too, You know, throughout this series how to guard Steph. Yeah. Knowing when to give him space, knowing when to, You know, crowd him and, and make it tough for him. Yeah. They been kind of mixing it up a little bit. And he, Andy Angular, he, he, he, yeah. I mean how tall is he? Like what, 6 6, 7, 6 8. He's about 6, 7, 6 8.


So even if Steph get by him, it's still challenging, You know? 'cause you go, he gonna steal your shot and, and ultimately I think if you're the rocks, the main thing you want to do is make Steph work. We know he like to Yes ly you gotta keep it moving. Make it work. Don't let 'em have no easy catches and you can tell they they, they in the passing lane man, they out there playing four and four basketball because a lot of times they just in denial. They ain't even looking at the ball. Long as Steph don't, don't get it. Right. Hey, what you want? What you what you what what you think O Joe? I was just gonna tell you what 'em rockers came out hard. Huh? Man they seemed like they wanted it more on both sides of, on, on both sides. They was aggressive on offense. They were stiping on defense. They had the Warriors screaming early.


Yeah. Hels came, Houston came out firing shit. It was 40, it was 40 to 24. 40 to 24 lead. They built in the first quarter. By the time it gotta halftime it was 70, it was 7 6 49. So really from that point on, all it is about controlling everything you do at that point. Controlling everything. Well considering that this shot 38 free throws, let me know they were extremely aggressive there. Yeah. I don't know if I've ever seen a stat like this, but Golden State had 25 offensive rebounds. You ever seen the team get 25 offensive rebounds Joe and Lose by 15? No, no. I ain't seen that Golden State. Yeah, they, they had 25 offensive rebounds. They just couldn't man offensively, You know, they seemed out a sword from the jump. Yeah. Yeah. And they seem a step or two slower than the Rockets.


The Rockets seemed like, You know, they had a a a boost as though, You know, like I say they just played with that, that sense of fire urgency that You know, that they, that they weren't ready for the season to end. And it's like, I, I don't know man. It's like these, You know, the Warriors came out a little lethargic and and it cost them man. 'cause the rockets controlled from the tip they controlled from the start to finish. They did And that game took a lot out of the, the Warriors. Yeah. The other night. They took a lot of, they took a lot out of them. Yeah. And, and you look at Thompson Young Dylan, Dylan Brooks played that he, Dylan Brooks has played really well in this series. He shot, he shot the ball. Well You know he gonna play defense.


He gonna fight your tooth and nail Van Fleet the last two games. Van Fleet has been on one. Yeah, he understand. He understands a moment Ocho, he, he's been there, he's won. He's a champion. He is won. He, he knows what it's like to play this level of basketball and compete, You know, at, at the highest form. So I think he gives them, he, he definitely gave him life tonight but You know, he gives them a sense of confidence. I pro probably going into every game. Yeah. Yeah. He's that special. He, he, he, he really is. But they, they got a young team. But I think the thing is they're gonna, they might look to give up, You know what, other than Shing Go and Thompson, I'd be willing to park with anybody else to get Kevin Durant What you think about that Joe?


Yeah. To get kd. Yeah. If you had to get, 'cause you're gonna have to give up at least one or two of them young boys. But if, if, if, look, if you want Jalen Green, if you want Dylan Brooks, if you want Jabari Smith, I'll be willing. The only two people that are untouchable for me is Thompson and sh Yeah, I, I agree. I think, I think Green, green and Smith, they got enough talent to where wherever they go they could change it. They, they can change a team or franchise or program. I like both of them. But yeah, I I I'll definitely make that trade if I was Houston to get kd man please. The gold goon Thompson van Fleet.


Yeah. Because she go go get you. I mean he, he, You know he's a all star. Yeah. Thompson can def defend. Thompson can defend. He's, he's very aggressive. Aggressive. He's active. You bring in KD who can score. You let Van Fleet run your offense and look, you, I mean I would, I'm not, I don't know if it's gonna happen but other, other than, other than Thompson and Ung because everybody else is, everybody else is in play. If, if if if I'm the Rockets. Yeah. 'cause there's not many bigs in the NBA like ung who can score pass and rebound. He gonna make guys around him better. He ain't gonna be out here just hoing up no 20, 25 shots.


Right. You know he gonna always be high sis because he gonna make the right play and he's very crafty. Especially in posting up and, and hitting guys on cuts and wide open shots. So ING goon I love man. You could play through him for sure. Yeah. And the thing is like them European players, those European bigs, they played this way. Look at Yoic. Yeah. They grew up like this. They were talking a young age. You know why, You know why they play like this Joe and Ocho I believe I do is because they don't have the athleticism. They can't elevate over nobody. So they're not relying on God-given ability. Right. They gonna make the right pass. Yeah. They going to back cut. They going to scream. If you look, they got all, most of the big, the European bigs, they got tremendous footwork.


Yeah. They got tremendous footwork. Look at Shung, look at Yoic, look at the bigs that we, that we fake of. Look at the footwork. Okay. Hey they, because because overseas they practice way more than they play over here. We'll put together a tournament quick and go play. Hey. Yeah. We go to a a U Hey, hey. Who you, hey, what you do? What you do with your ball? Man? I ain't do, Hey come on. Hey Joe, we'll put together a team quick and go play in a tournament with no chemistry, continuity practice or nothing and just feel like we can roll out this talent and win. Yeah. Right. Overseas man, them dudes been practicing playing together since they 11, 12 years old.


Developing chemistry, continuity, practicing, working on skill, a skill set. Right. Right. You know, people think jumping, jumping over somebody's a skillset. No, because but what happens when you athletes? See that's why I think Yoic can play a long time. I do too. Because he's not rely, he's not relying on athletic ability. Right. It's, and a guy that doesn't rely on athletic ability to a la Tom Brady instinct. Now, now if you got athleticism through the yin yang as it slowly dissipate, you have to and be reinvent yourself. You see what LeBron did? Yeah. When he realized that he couldn't continuously go to the basket, go to the basket, what did he do? Develop that three point shot. Yep. Develop that big range, that three point shot until it's deadly.


Yeah. You have to, you have to, you have to evolve with the game. Especially when you play a long time. You play 20, 22 years, bro. The game is going change a few times and he and and he been smack dab in the middle of it. Right. He been, he been smack dab in the middle of it. The game is, because think about it, the 2000, the twin, the 2010s, now he's in the 2020s. Yeah. There ain't very many guys that can say they played three decades. Nah, nah. Now Vince played four 'cause Vince started in the late nineties. He went to 2000, he went to the tens and then he finished in the 2020s. So they, they, there ain't very many guys that gets an opportunity to say they played two to three or, or maybe even two decades, maybe two is is, is is deep doing it.


Yeah. But when you start talking about three, four decades, that's saying something. Yeah. But I i, I still think Houston is missing a closer. I think they need a guy that I can give him the ball and he can go get me a bucket. I, you see this is by committee and there's nothing wrong with that. But when you get into the playoffs, you wouldn't want to have that one person that I could put the ball in his head. He ain't gonna get me a bucket, Joe. Yeah, a bucket on foul. You need that. That's just the playoffs slows down. This ain't the, this ain't the regular season preseason. We ain't just held the skeleton jacking up threes none of that playoffs we value in every possession we're gonna come down milk the mismatch and try to get a great shot every time. That's what it's about.


So yeah, you need guys who can get you the free throw line or get you a bucket or go make the right play and get us a great shot. Yeah. When we've been watching these playoffs ocho this first round. Yeah, man, down the stretch man. It's been a lot of careless turnovers man. A lot of careless turnovers. That's cost teams games obviously. Sometimes I think guys are trying to do more than what they should. More than, more than what your ability allows you to do. Right. Because sometimes I, I see guys try to be, they try to be hero. Yeah bro, that you not required to be the hero. They feel like they gotta step up and make a play, make a shot, You know, and, and sometimes you just overdoing it when you just, just make the simple Right play a lot of times that that'll get you great results.


And, and see that's why people don't really gravitate towards Yolk because it's not like he dunking, he not letting threes go off balances. Like he ain't shooting no three in tournament walking away like Steph Curry. Hey, well he, he ain't, he ain't poster rising people like Ant Man. Right, right. They aint got, he ain't, You know, he ain't, he ain't like kd. All I know is that joke of footwork is impeccable any he average 29, 13 and 10 and sh goon average 21, 11 and five. Yeah. Zbox gave you 16 and 12. And boy, nice man. And, and I I guarantee you, I guarantee you yo ain't have five dunks all year long.


I guarantee you Yogi have five ducks. If he had it was five total and had the best damn, I'm sure he have 10 and had the best output. Hey, the game is is 90% mental, 10% physical. Yeah. Yeah. And he understands the game he going, he understands that. And the thing is, he's not gonna force it. He's not gonna force a play. He's not gonna force himself into the offense. He's gonna let the offense come to him now. Hey, y'all out there horse jacket around with the ball down? He gonna take the ball. He going, Hey, he gonna demand that you give him the ball now. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. And rightfully so. Yeah, he's, but he, he's, he's the engine. He's the engine for, for the Nuggets man.


Everything runs through him because he's so unselfish and just like last game he seen Murray got off, he just kept feeding him. I'm gonna play my Yeah over here. You wanna be Lead Dog? You gonna carry to Victory. I'm gonna do my job over here. Rebound get you the rock, make the right plays. It's an awesome player, bro.


The Volume Tickets are on sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas, red Rascal, flex Cole, Wedell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com


And the Dream season is now complete. The Golden State Warriors are the 2015 NBA champion On the new limited podcast series Dub Dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examined the controversial move that made it possible. It's never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious, he was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.