
This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


If you're turning 65 or new to Medicare, Humana might just have the health plan You are looking for. Our Medicare Advantage plans offer coverage and care you can count on. You could get a plan with a $0 premium or an all in one plan. That may include medical and prescription coverage as well as routine dental, vision and hearing. Learn more@gethumana.com. Humana. A more human way to healthcare. Humana is a Medicare Advantage, HMO and PPO organization with a Medicare contract. Enrollment in any Humana plan depends on contract renewal.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed, LPT tool winner and six time Lady European tour winner. And Keira Kay Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira. We are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, An iHeart win sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us an iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, Founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports, The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bitch you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New draft King customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Currently colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the US and it's on the rise in people under the age of 50. But when caught at early stages, colon cancer is survivable in 90% of the people. So screening and early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. And a great one of a kind way to feel more in control of your colon cancer screening is through the Cologuard Test. A prescription based test with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. The Cologuard test is the only FDA approved, non-invasive option that looks for both altered DNA and blood in your stool, which can indicate the presence of abnormal cells. This test offers convenience and ease of use and the kit is delivered right to your door. Once you complete the kit, it is returned to the lab and results are available within two weeks. Plus it's affordable. Most insured patients pay $0. And if you do need a colonoscopy as a follow up, most insurance plans cover that as well. So if you're 45 or older and at average risk, ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with the Cologuard test. You can request a Cologuard prescription today at Cologuard dot com slash podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use the Cologuard test. If you've had adenomas have inflammatory bowel disease or certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopy in high risk patients. Cologuard test performs an adult age. 45 to 49 is estimated and based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older false positives and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Oh Joe, the Seattle Seahawks have agreed to a free to sign free agents Sam darn to a three year deal. $100.5 million. Yeah. Seattle is giving Donald Donald 55 million in guarantees. Yeah. You like this move for Seattle? I like the move because I don't like the move for Seattle. I like the move for Sam Donald though. I like the move for Sam Donald. We saw a small sum sample size of Sam Donald in New York. Okay. He didn't really have nothing to rhyme. We saw a small Sam size of Sam Donald in Carolina. He didn't really have nothing to ride him, boy. He put God damn Sam Donald over there on the Minnesota Vikings boy. He look like Joe Montana.


Boy. He looked like Joe Montana. You hear me? He ain't got that in Seattle though. Can Can I tell you why he looked like that though? They got a young bull over there. Name, last name Hawkinson. Huh? Yeah. They got a young bull over there. Probably, probably the best, the best receiver in NFL outside of Jamal Chase and Justin Jefferson. They got Addison Young Bull crazy giving you crazy work. Yeah. So that's how was able to get paid like that. So now he get that money down now. Now you gotta come and show up. You have certain, you got certain quarterbacks that elevate the receivers around him. Then you have certain quarterbacks that need the receivers around him to elevate the quarterback play.


So now you've got to come in and show out out. Right now all they have right now is JSNI like JSNI like him. You know they gotta get something else else over there, You know, let Tyler locking go, You know, let DK Metcal go. I don't, I'm not sure what kind of rebuilding stage they in, but they, they playing with Legos. They done started over from scratch For me. I don't think that's Sam Donald is better than Gino. Now. Maybe you didn't want to give Gino an extension. Gino's gonna make 31 million this year. He probably gonna look for something north of 40. You get the Sam ham for about 33 million. Okay. But go back and look. The last two to three years Gino has outplayed it.


Mm. Now maybe, hey you wanna move on? We let lock it go. We letting DK go. Hey let's, we gonna start fresh. We gonna get all that up. All that p carroll, we gonna get that up outta here. Right. But I, I, I don't think, I don't think Sam Donald is better than Gino. Well You know he is not better than Gino. Huh? You know he not better than Gino. But I'm just saying we have to understand why Sam Donald was able to do what he did in Minnesota. I always say quarterback is only as good as a important cast. There are very few quarterbacks in the NFL right now that can go to any team and regardless of what's around them, they can excel.


Ain't a whole lot of Them, The world around them. Lamar Jackson is one of them. Josh Allen is another one who did, who did more with less. If there's a few others, I'm not gonna say no names. There's, there's a few others they can go on. Any team. I don't care what you put around me. I'm gonna get the job done no matter what. I don't care how much talent, how much skill I got around. It's because of the onus and what I can do. And that's why I'm special. Hell, that's why Josh Allen just got a deadly guy. Six for three 30. That's why he got a Dly just guy. That's why the quarterbacks like Lamar, Jackson and Joe Burrow make the big money.


Some people will say, well Joe Burrows only do what he's doing because he had Jamar Chase put him anywhere. Put him anywhere. The skill skillset doesn't change. You being able to throw the ball doesn't change. All you need is the players around you to get the job done. Somebody said in the chat, they offered Gino the same contract they offered Donald. They lied. Why would I take, why would I So you mean to tell me I played the way I played. I've gone to Pro And you gonna gimme a $2 million raise Child please Screw you Child please. Alright man. I wish I might I like that. I liked that for Gino too. Yeah, that so I like that for Gino old Miami.


Miami's one of Miami's finest. Gino Smith. Sam Donna won't ranked 14th and QBR the except which was seven spots. The head of Smith en route to the Pro Bowl. But Darnell also had 11 sack debacle in their wild card playoff lost to the Rams. If you look at it the last two games, I think they played Detroit and they played the Rams. Yeah they played, hold on. They they played Detroit. Yeah they played Detroit. 'cause 'cause they had that come from behind Win. Then they played Detroit and Detroit mopped him and then they went to the playoffs in the Rams crushed him. So he is, His player is very, very receiver eccentric. Yeah. Which means he really need quality players around him to elevate him.


Yes sir. I don't believe he can elevate. They need to elevate him. Right. And that's what you got with Jetta. That's what you got with Hawkinson. That's what you got with an Aaron Jones. That's what you got with an Addison. Now it's gonna be very interesting to see what they put around him. He only have Jackson Smith and Jig. But that's still there. Yeah. Or they have no fan who's still there. But what are the other receivers that you're gonna pull it? No dk no Tyler Lockett. So what are you going to surround him with in order to, and hope you get the production this year that he gave Minnesota last year? Yeah, I mean, listen, I'm not sure who the owners are in Seattle, but I think they understand they've been watching football long.


It's Paul rested. So Paul Allen's sister, Mr. Paul Allen, his sister, Sister sister Paul Allen. Yeah. He passed away and left everything to his sister. They had, they had, they have enough scouts and g You know, enough scouts and people in place to understand why he played as well as he did. You, You know why, You know, I, I understand It's a business. I understand. So you, you have to pay him his money. But if you wanna see him be as productive as he was, you need to get the same type of pieces you won't get. Yeah, for sure. You ain't gonna get to Justin Jefferson. You ain't gonna find that. But there, there are some at some quality wide receivers. You can get to putty ride him to put him to put what, what, what jazz in? They got a nice running back and Kenneth Walker.


Kenneth Walker the third. Right. Kenneth Walker? Yeah. And Char, They nice. Well they nice, they nice. So I think they, they, they gonna be all right. But that's just, just very questionable about some of the moves they made. With, with, with, with, with, for one locket. I don't how you let the preacher go? I call him the pre I call, I call locket the preacher's wife. You can't let the preacher's wife go, You know, that goes against everything God stand for now. Now dk he wanted his deal. Yeah. They, they weren't gonna paint. Now I I understood that move. But hey man, hey, the business, the NFL is crazy. Sometimes they make you sit there and scratch your head.


But it's the nature of the business. You, you, you've been around it for so long And you play it And you see how they operate. Nothing surprise you. Ocho I love what Jamar Lamar, Lamar Jamar posted on ig. Yeah. Know your worth then Add tax. Oh yeah. He don't play. But when you posting on there, Y'all Yeah, I saw, I saw it. I saw it. He don't play. You don he don't man. You not, you not you not listening to Gimme me. Gimme, gimme gimme me me. They played with him last year. There's certain players that love the game and You know you can play with 'em. Right. You a play that, You know when the NFL knows you love the game so much that you are, you're come and play.


They'll take advantage of you. Now you got somebody like this who showed you all right now I'm gonna sit out. I, I ain't cut no deals At all. Now you played with me last year. This year. Nuh. Yesterday's price ain't today's price. Nah, yesterday. I need all that Yesterday. Today's price is two years from now. Price. I'm charging. I know the economy. I know a yeah, I know. We wiped out a lot of games over the last couple of days. The down the Nasdaq is down. But I need, I, I need that back. I need all of that. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. All that. I I a for what y'all did to me.


I, I cut nothing. I'm charging. I remember when I was growing up and my grandfather take me and my brother, we go clothes get Easter shopping. We buy one of 'em. You know, buy two suits. You get two suits for $99. They throw the tie in the pocket square in for free. Right. Jamar say I'm charging every, everything all la carte. It's 15, it's 15 million for I lead the league in receiving yards. It's 15 million. I let the league in touchdown. It's 15 million. I let the league catch it. Yeah. We're about 45. Make it right. Make the money Right. Tony, you and Mike Brown make the money. Right. Right. Hold on, hold on. And if and if it ain't what it and it ain't what it should be. I ain't touching the field.


Oh no, I'm not touching the Field. I'm not touching the field until week eight. 'cause I wanna make sure I get my accredited Caesar Stop playing Now I'm gonna do that. Oh. But now y'all gonna pay me every, I'm not cutting a See, I will really love you, but I ain't gonna save no money now. I'm just letting You know. I ain't saving no money. Ain't gonna be no scraps. Oh, that's funny man. That's funny. They don't ever cut. They don't cut these, they don't cut these networks no slights. Nah, they don't cut in no breaks. They make a pay top dollar. So I need that. They ain't got no choice. I need that. Oh yeah. And plus you already told me you gonna make me the highest paid.


Yeah. You gotta be careful If hey ojo, You know, say hey, we had this thing together And you don't promise your girl. Oh, I'm you. Hey well hold on. Move. Don't forget they done lied to me once already now. Yeah. They said they told him they gonna pay last year. Don't worry about now you're worried. Now you're worried. I really can't, I really can't stand on on your word because you told me one thing last year and then you bumped the system on me. You bumped me. So I don't know what to believe now. So now you get a, you get a post like that. Now it's strictly business. Oh. That's all it's ever been because y'all told, y'all told me y'all gonna take care of me. Now I look at y'all, you say you promises light pie, crust, thin and easily broken.


I can't, you tell me. Well, that's a good one. I can't believe nothing. You tell me. Don't. I wrote that one down before I remember that one. That's a good one. Yeah. So I'm, I need all that. I want everything I was promised yesterday and everything y'all took in today. Yeah. You remember hall back? We say? Yeah. The dude sna a tuben two tube. Yeah. Yeah. Class mama need a dress baby. Need new dude. And you need teeth now. Roll the dice, both folks. I'm gonna roll. I'm gonna roll Him. I told you kids. I bet man. I told, hey, I told you kids. Gimme bad luck. He getting that kid outta here said, hold on.


What that say? It's my place. It's my place. Kid ain't going nowhere. Ain't bother nobody Because I'm gonna stick you and I'm definitely gonna stick you And I'm gonna stick that slow walking grandma boy thing. Oh, That he crapped out And you was hot, bro. Had you won, we'd have paid you. Yeah, I paid the man. Oh, by today. And I ain't selling punk, but Jamar Chase want that bread on you. Yeah, I need that. Get your money Chase. Get your money. Chase was Ocho check this out. Last year he was open to a deal.


Average around 36 million if structured Right. Bingos couldn't get it done. Now Triple Crown. Triple crown, triple the price. Crazy money. Money. Yeah. Yeah. Money. Money. Yeah. Yeah. Get 'em Chase. Woo. The highest paid non quarterback is 40 million. Yeah. Chase said I need give, give a I need 41, I need about five years. And then when they got get you say, Hey, the first three years I need a hundred piece.


Make it, make it 105, A hundred piece. Make make it, make, make it 105. Just a, just, just a good measure. As a matter of fact, You know what? I had to take out a Lord of a Lord's of London policy just in case I get hurt. Right. That and that, that can replace the value that I was going to lose. I need that money back too. So throw that in there. Throw that in there. Absolutely. Absolutely. Hey, it's, it is been a good time. It's been a good time. It's been a good day for that for me. Player Had they the this is what the, the Bengals, because they waited till the last minutes.


They coulda had Jesse Bates for 12 million. They didn't do it. He leaves gets 1516 from the Falcons. Right. T Higgins. They coulda had t Higgins for about 23 mil a year. Yeah. Now they're gonna have to pay him north of 30. Jamar Chase. You coulda had it for 35, 36, say 36. Now you gonna have to play it. 40 plus. Trey Hendrickson coulda had it for 25. Now you gotta pay him. Now you're gonna have to be sandwich meant somewhere between 30. He wants north of 30. Yeah. Two back toback season with 17 and a half sacks. I can't say I disagree with him. Yeah. And I look at, I look at what Philly's been able to do with Devante Smith, with AJ Brown, obviously Saquon, Jayna, Hertz, and being able to play pay everybody.


Do you think they were able to do it because they paid early? Yes. They, they st they struck before it got hot. Yes. With, with great understanding. What would happen if they waited too long? Bro, you see these guys practice every day. Yeah. You see how these guys meet. Right. You see them play that don't get in trouble. What are you waiting for it the longer you wait, it's almost like you, you, you, you are betting against them. Yeah. Basically they're Gonna have a down year. They're gonna get injured, decrease the value. Well, there's a chance that happens, but what happens when it doesn't Doesn't. Right. I never looked at it like that. You know? Hey, the, the betting against your own players by not paying.


Yes. Yeah. When you, when you, when you franchise, when you franchise tag me, that's basically What you, you bet against me. Yes. What sound like To me, you betting I'm I'm betting against you. That's crazy. I've never heard it. I've never heard it said like that. I just, I just saw it as I don't value you long term. I didn't even, I didn't even think about the concept of, You know what, I'm betting against you because I don't think you could do it again. So You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna tag you. Right. Not so Ain't long term. I won't make you prove it again. And guess what T Higgins, I believe that was a fluke the last three years. I'm gonna tag you again. Ugh. That's heavy. That's heavy work. And where's my Chapstick man?


My lips dry as hell. Dang. The devil Broncos were busy today. They reached a three year deal of Ang Ang the deal is worth 45 million. Includes 40 million in guaranteed money on the 40 49. He played his entire four year career with the 49 ERs and was named All Pro in 20, 22 hours later, news broke. That is now former in 49 ERs teammate Dre Greenlaw will be joining him. Greenlaw will sign a three year $35 million deal. The addition of Green Law and H Ang Denver booster already Stout Defense, Broncos defense that ranked third and points aloud and features defensive player of the year.


Hater Tan ii. I like it. Yeah. Yeah. Kfo absolutely. He's coming off. Is he come off a CO, right? Is that him? Who that With the, with the long with the long hair. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. I call him Love Paul Marlow. Yeah. I think he went to USC too. Yeah. And Green Law. Green Law coming off of Achilles. Coming off Achilles. I'm glad George Achilles in the Super Bowl too. Running on the field And he obviously when he came back, young Bull got upset and walked off the field. So I'm, I'm glad to see him come back and, You know, go get paid and, and that, that's, it's, it's always a dope thing to see, You know, players get hurt And you understand how ownership really feels about you got their injury like that, that magnitude.


But to see him come back and, and, and get his money is a good thing. Yeah. I'm so glad that green law's back. But Greenlaw has an injury history. I don't think he's played but one season in this totality. What he's been Nick. Yeah. He's been nicked pretty much his entire career. Geez. So the Bronco bolsters their defense. They got a run stuffing linebacker, a ranger safety to pair him with PS two, the Broncos A they making moves talking Sean. Peyton briefly say, give us a little time. We gonna be okay. They making moves. You could tell who's serious. You can tell who's serious about winning.


Huh. Cool. What was it? What, what took, yeah, I see. But what was 22? He only played two games in 24. How many games he play in 21 and 22? He can play two, three. So it's kind of hit or miss. Hopefully he's healthy. Yeah, because He can play. Oh, he could go now. I think he Came from Houston, didn't he? Oh, was he always, was he a 49 ERs drafted him.


Okay. Oh, the one that went to the Texans was started out in, in in the four at the 49 ERs. He's the one. Okay, okay. Okay. But hopefully, hopefully he can stay healthy and him and Huang can have some depth and some leadership. And the Broncos, a Bronco country gonna be in good hands. The commanders are not messing around with quarterback Jayden Daniels rookie contract. Yeah. Apparently not satisfied with Brandon Coleman As their left tackle, left tackle, the commanders swung for one of the league's most established tackles it Laramie tonsil in the trade.


The commanders get Laramie tonsil and the 2025 fourth round pick the Texans get 20, 25 third round pick a 2025 seventh round pick a 2026 second round pick and a 2026 fourth round pick. Tonsil is coming off a season in which you graded 93% pass block win rate, which is 10th best and a 75% run block win rate, which was 39. Obviously he's a better ta passer pass protector than a run blocker. But hey Jane Daniels get some help at the, the, the left tackle position And you see OCHO they going for it. Yeah.


Most distant. That's, that's what you call going all in. You think about it Larry Laramie tons. Right. Why would you let one of your better, better tackles, obviously you, you let him go Ocho do you remember how many times what you call that sack? Last year? Last year? Man, who I was just Well, I was just gonna say that. I was just gonna say, look how many times CJ Shri was sacked. So when I look at, when I look at the numbers that we're talking about with him being better when it comes to pass protection, I mean, what do the commanders do most of the time anyway? Pass the ball. I think I, I like, I like the move. I think it's a, it is a good pick, a good pickup.


I I'm not sure if, Hey, listen, I wouldn't have no problem going from Houston to the chocolate city either. So, You know, going from one Fran, going from one franchise that's headed in the right direct right direction to another franchise that's headed in the right direction. Yes sir. I ain't got no issues or problem with that. He gonna, he gonna miss the, the, the no state income tax, but he'll be okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. He, yeah, Because you remember he, I was told, I mean, in Miami he goes from Miami to Houston. Yeah. Because wasn't he at Miami? Yeah. I think Miami drafted him because he fell, He got, he got, he got Drafted that ball. Yeah. With the mask with it. Yeah.


Right. Yeah. Yeah. But I like, I look, I'm confused by what now maybe, maybe the Texans are going to take a tackle and the draft. I don't know. I don't, You know, mainly we, I look at the skill position and, and corners and linebacker, things of that nature. So I'm not really too familiar with the offensive line. Right. I'm confused by what the Texas are doing. Considering CJ one of the most sack quarterbacks in the NFL and his best protector. You're moving on. Yeah. Okay. Maybe the, maybe it was a deal that was too good to pass up because you get a, lemme see. You get a, a 2020, you get a 2025 third round pick and a 2025 seventh round pick and 26 you get a second round pick and a 2026.


Now maybe you're gonna package that, right. If there's something in the draft that you want to get, don't know. But I love what the commanders are doing. We got, we got two more years with, with Jay Daniels on this rookie contract. Two contract. Gotta take advantage of it. Huh? Now you, you, you're seeing where the money going. 60 million is the highest paid. So what's that number going to be in two years? 65, 68, 70. Where we going? That's crazy, crazy work. Hell yeah.


So you, I'm taking you, you like to move? Lemme ask you this. Hell yeah. What do you think the, what do you think the command, what do you think the Commander's ceiling are now given They're in the same division. They're in the same division as the Eagles. You got the Rams. Who else made the playoffs last year? Who made the playoffs in? Oh, Detroit. Do you see a bounce back season for the 49 ERs? Did they get some of their players back healthy? I, I don't, I'm not sure about the bounce back season for the 49 ERs because they had too many, too many, too many pieces missing. Yeah. Deebo going to the commanders now. Brandon s coming off. Brandon Nika is coming off A-A-A-C-L injury. Then you got, you got Ricky, Ricky, Ricky Purcell, I think I said his name right, that he showed flashes of, of what he could do.


Brandon, Brandon Jennings, who was also really, really, really good player. Very good player. So I'm not sure what they're gonna look like with, with those two. They're not proven as of yet. Hey, the commanders, they ain't playing. You got, you got Terry McLaurin, you got Deebo Samuel. You just, they went to the nf went to the NFC championship last year. Larry Tucker wasn't there. You add, you add, you add that to your, to your offensive line to boast, boast everything up. You got Brian Robinson in the backfield. I mean, shoot, everything's on up and up. Yeah. I mean, to me to be able to compete with the Eagles, the, the only team in the NFC West, that's not NFC. Excuse me, that's not doing nothing is the goddamn Cowboys.


Cowboys, John. And they made one movie. They ain't made one movie yet. Well look, the Cowboys don't believe in in, in free agency. Ocho. They haven't spa paid big money for a free since it's Greg Hardy. Remember they got Greg Hardy Ocho? Yeah. Man, they true dude. Oh, oh my bad. What happened? And let's check on the divisional rivals. The Dallas Cowboy. Jerry Jones not made a splash today. First he resigned Long Snapper Trent Sig. Okay, there we go. There we go. That's the start. Three year extension. That's The start. The long snapper De Devante Williams. One year, $3 million Javon stats 130 nines that was tied for 35th, 513 yards tied for 42nd.


Four touchdown tied for 40th, 3.7 yard average. That man signed a long snapper. Two or three year extension and like yeah, we got better today. It's a start. Huh? It's a start. Listen, you gotta crawl before you walk and anything that you do, Well damn, you must be a snake 'cause you don't do nothing but crawl. When you gonna start run walking. The Cowboys have not signed a free agent over $6 million since Greg Hardy in 2015. That was 11 years ago.


Oh, so they they have Oh yeah. They ain't nothing changing. Ain't ain't nothing changing. It's not gonna change Back to the, the 49 ERs. Yeah, Lord went to Indy. He Gone to Indy. Him and Who? Huang The Broncos. Broncos Greenlaw. The Broncos. They just released Kyle Che Damn for real. Deebo got traded. Yep. It almost seemed like damn end of that look Ojo. But they had to let everybody go 'cause they getting ready to pay, they, they getting ready to pay Whatcha call it Ojo you, you keep going for it. And so if you pay it off, it's okay because you keep kicking the can down the road.


It's like during the, the recession when they had this thing called interest only loans. Now interest only loans, you're gonna have a balloon payment that's gonna come due. Now hopefully you done hit it big or you find somebody else to take that house over. But if you don't, you gotta let it go. Okay. Right. They kept spending and spending and spending, they kept getting close, but they couldn't close the deal. So now I got to blow it up and start all over again. Yeah, because I gotta pay the quarterback and see they went for it long as they had that quarterback on that rookie contract. Right now he's no longer on that rookie contract. He's gonna want 35, $40 million. But if I'm them, Hey bro, you gonna get this Baker Mayfield, Sam Donald a hundred mil three year for a hundred mil.


If you don't want it, listen, if you don't want that, I don't know what to tell you. Yeah, I mean if it is bad out, tell Ocho it's bad. It's hard to find a quarterback. Huh? It's hard to find a quarterback if you, if you find a good one. If you find a good one that's a rookie, You know, you got a three year window. You got a three year window to do as much as you can offensively and defensively putting the pieces rhyme to see if you can make a run. Heck. But Jayden, Jade almost did it in his first year. Almost. You was one game away. One game, man. Man, please Ojo.


The Cardinals are signing past Russia. Ja sweat to a four year deal worth $76.4 million. Sweat is reunited with former Eagles defensive coordinator and current Cardinals head coach. Jonathan Ga in the desert. Is this the sign the Eagles are drafting a DN or a trading for a specific DN in Dallas? Because remember Ocho What's Williams? Williams just went to, oh, he went to New England. The D tackle. Yeah, he's in New England. Yeah. So Now they still have Carter. They still have Carter. You still have Jordan. Davis. Davis. Davis. They still have, what's the other guy, Brandon? I think Brandon Graham's gonna retire.


Yeah, he reto he reto his his tricep. What's the other guy? He had another guy. Oh, they have Nolan Smith the third and just, excuse me, junior, but no, look, clearly everybody thought they had a chance to get Miles, Garrett. Yeah. That's not happening. So now we gotta redirect our focus and then, hey, if we gotta go in the draft, we go in the draft. That's what we normally do. That's how we got Jalen Carter. That's how we got Jordan Davis. That's how we got Nolan Smith Jr. That's how we got all the players that we got. We drafted them. Right. How say, hey, trust me in Howie I trust. So Hey, they they, they had late.


That's his name. Hunt. Hunt. He had a big, he had a big game in the Super Bowl hill. What? D Lineman didn't have a big game in the Super Bowl hill. They went hunting. Yeah, they would take, they were taking turns. But You know, Ocho You know how this is bro. They gonna come rob you. They gonna rub, come rob your chicken house and get to go. They gonna get to find the chicken that's loaded in the best eggs. You taking two premium pass rushes. Hey, we gonna take 'em, take 'em up off you. You couldn't hold on the slave because You know it's contract was kind of cost prohibitive. Right. But we feel, hey, we thought we had drafted a replacement last year. Cooper deje The nature of the business baby. It it is what That that's absolutely the correct.


Zach Wilson signed a one year deal in Miami. O Joe. You buying Zack Wilson to the You begin. Well you listen. I, What, what you talking about, man? I'm, I'm going to get me a Zach Wilson jersey. Listen, you saw me. I wore two jerseys on this show. I got every soccer jersey you could think of. I wore a Jamar chain jersey and what's the other jersey I wore on the show? Wear it out. You got exactly how many, how many black Wilson jerseys you got That one green one I had on that time on the show. Wear it out. When you get back to your car, you'll have four more. They found somebody like Zack Wilson. So they like, hey, hey, Hey, listen, don't don't talk about my dog.


Don't talk. Listen, You know we had a better season in New York than, than than Aaron Rogers. Zach, Zach Wilson. You know, listen, Hey Zach, I know you're gonna see this baby. I love you. I'm glad to have you in the city. I'm glad if you need someone to show you around, I'm the perfect tour guy. You know, I don't go out, I'm in bed by nine o'clock, but we gotta go, we gotta go hit Tootsies. Zach. We gotta hit T Tootsies. I'm, I'm, I'm sure you're probably married, you have a wife, but it's okay. Just, I just wanna talk football. I wanna talk football. They got chicken wings, seafood, rice and lobster tail. They got chocolate cake. And we can use our peripheral vision to make sure we focus, but still see what's surround us. You hear me? You gotta be aware of your surroundings.


So I'll let your boy Zach, my number's still the same. You said they got chocolate tail. What you say? They got Chocolate cake. Oh, I be talking, I be talking Fast. Oh yeah, I know you. Chocolate cake. I know the cakes. You talking about chocolate? Yeah. Okay. Let you tell it. Oh, nah, nah, not like that. Not like that. Yeah, I'm like that. I'm really, I hey, I'm really talking about food. Oh. If you never been to Tussie, you gotta go to Tussie for the food you have. I, I know. Listen, try the food. Okay. Shrimp alfredo, chicken and shrimp. I'm, I'm allergic to shellfish. Oh, my bad, my bad. So you can't eat seafood, right? You can't eat lobsters. You can't eat lobster either, huh? No. Damn.


Oh. Oh, call Ari And you can't eat salmon. Oh, you I use, that's a fish, Eh. Damn. You can't eat nothing. Shellfish, mullis, oyster scallop, lobster crab, None of that. No. Jesus, Anything that has iodine in it. Can I ask if I put I can't, I can't do, I can't do Betadine on my skin. Anything that has Bo Betadine in, it'll burn my skin. Burn. You mean like itch Itching? No, it'll burn the skin to clean skin. I can't put Betadine on my skin. It instantly discolor my skin. So I have to use like Pfizer clean or something like that. Okay. Okay. Hey, how do you find something out? Like how do you find something like that out When they put it on my black ass and my skin discolored the same way you found out that you put bleach in your washing machine when you get colored and they spotty.


That's how I found out. I didn't know. Well, I knew I was allergic to shellfish. Right. But I didn't, it, it didn't really dawn on me that, okay, Betadine has iodine in it. Right. Right. After trying anytime he told me a couple times, I'm like, well, damn, why am I, why am I se Oh, See, you did it multiple times. Yeah. Okay. And that was why I was like, why am I scared discoloring? Right? You like, well, Sharpie or, and then, You know, went to that like, well it has, I you, if you're allergic to shellfish, you're probably allergic to iodine because that's the what people, what we, what they've said, what they told me is that that's probably the common ingredient because there's iodine and shellfish. There's iodine and Betadine. So we recommend that you obviously clearly don't eat shellfish, but stay away from Betadine.


Find another cleansing solution. Right. I mean, that's what I would, that's what I did. The Panthers cornerback JC Horne agreed to a four year, $100 million extension worth 70 million guaranteed. Making him the highest paid DB in NFL history. I like it. I like it. Listen, I'm, I'm, I'm a huge fan. I'm a huge fan of DV play. Right. Those of you in the chat that have watched the Carolina Planters play, those of you in the chat that are fans of defensive quarterbacks, I know JC Horne is one that you like. Pastor Tain might be the best one who doesn't get the credit he deserves based on his play. Whether it be man to man, whether it be man to man, bump and Run or off in JC Horn.


I think he's one of the few that allows his defensive coordinator to do much more that they, they they want to do defensively because of how well he can play man to man. I love JC Horn. He's technically sound, doesn't get the credit he deserves, is not showcased because of where he plays football at. There's a reason why they paid him what he did. There's a reason why they paid him what he did. I've been watching him, I've been watching him all these years and he's the, he's the real deal. He's the real deal. He just didn't, doesn't get the credit he deserves because of where he is playing at. He don't, he don't talk much either. He ain't gonna talk much, but he, he gonna go out there and play and he gonna walk it every time. He real nice. And the fact that he hurt his foot, I forgot, I think it was maybe last year or year before last.


He hurt his foot. Ocho Yeah. The Rams are going to release Cooper Cup if they cannot find a trade partner, they ain't got a choice. One of the best landing spot for Cooper Cup. Oh hey, that's a good one right there. Boy. I like that. That's a good question. A good landing spot for Cooper k Pittsburgh. Oh, that's not fair. DK Metcalf, George Pickens and Cooper. KI like that. Huh? Hey, you cooking's a good one. Listen, I'm not, I'm not about improving teams in the A FC North unless it has to do with the Bengals, but the, just the thought of that is nice.


I like that. Yeah. How about a, how about a veteran presence over in Green Bay? Another Ro another route Runner? Yeah, I can see that as a slide. Yeah, for sure. You know, he can play on the outside. He can play on the inside. They can move, they can move around. You can play multiple positions. Why, why not? I like that. A similar offense that what? He just left. Hold on. Deebo is gone. Why not Cooper Cup right down the road. San Francisco. You ain't even go, you ain't even gotta go that far. How, how much is it gonna cost us? Considering they're trying to, it seems like they're going to a cost cutting move in Green Bay. Right. They let Youth Check go. They traded Deebo. They let D Green Law, they let Huang Unc you need, you need a dog unc.


Yeah, I get it. You need a dog. Don't leave your quarterback out there to dry. Now Josh Allen is one of the few could do it. I don't have no superstars around me. I got Aari Cooper, but we not using the Ma Cooper the way he should be used. He was From, when he was in his prime, you hear Me? They got K, Khalil Shaki, they got Coleman. I, I, what'd you call him? Just left and went to, went to New England. Max. What's his name? Mac Hollins. Mac Hollins. Mac Hol. Yeah. You just signed two year. I just saw that. Yeah, but I'm talking, I'm talking about that boy. Every quarterback needs that boy. Unless you're a quarterback that can elevate your team without one of them boys, like a Josh Allen, You know, like a Lamar Jackson.


You need, you need your number one. You know where if I, if, if you tell me to hike the ball and I got, and I'm blindfolding and there's a receiver that I could count on, it's Cooper Cup. Let me get that over here with Brock Purdy. So we have something that he can count on every single down. If there's somewhere I need to go with the ball. Are you willing, are you gonna, what about Houston Texans? Ooh, that's a good one. Nico Collins Back. Wait, no, they just wait. Dale Tank. Dale's probably gonna miss the, this season. They just signed somebody. No, he, he's not gonna be able to come back. Didn't Thetan just sign the receiver? I don't know. Did they? I Could, I could've swore they just signed. They signed, signed somebody. Or maybe I'm tripping.


Chad, talk to me Chad. Then Thetan just signed somebody. Braxton Barrios that fa the the fast guy that he was at the He he that listen, that that, that's a, that's a good pickup. But I do like the Cooper Cup move also the bo of that offensive that that offensive receiving room. I like that actually. I honestly, I like, I like the 49 ERs better though. Yeah. Kristen Kirk is gonna be available if he's not already available because there are reports that he's gonna get released. He's kind of been nicked the last couple years.


Yeah. And so that, that contract is called Prohibit. Yeah. He he could run too, bro. Oh Yeah. Kirk can run. He'll Be, he'll be, he'll be nice over there in, in Houston. It's all about fixing understanding, understanding the type of offense you put these players into. True. Oh, he was traded to the Texas. Okay. But the a oh Joe, that shit that they don't really think much about you. They traded you to a division opponent. Oh yeah. Yeah. Most teams, they're like, look, I'm not trading you in the division. I'm really trying to get you outta the a FC. Well it depends on the player. Unc. You gotta be, you gotta be that boy. You have to be a difference maker. They're not trade, they're not trading difference makers in the division.


That's What I trade to tell you. Difference maker that shows you what, that shows you What Jacksonville thinks of him. They traded to a division. The damn the A FC they traded him to within the division. Right. Steph Curry has accepted a role with his alma mater, Davison College as an assistant general manager for basketball program. Steph becomes the first active player in the US major professional sports to take an administrative job with the n with an NCAA team. When asked about Steph's new job, Steve Kerr had some jokes. Well if he, if he asks to leave the game to go scout College, I'll probably say no. But it is Steph Curry, so I'll probably say yes.


I just hope he doesn't ask. I like it. I-I-I-I-I mean it's cool. What did that made, what did that made you? General manager of Ohio, Oregon State? That, that, that would be nice. No, what if they made you general manager? Fa MU Okay, now we cooking now, now we cooking you. Hey now, now, now we talking. You hear me? You make me anything having to do with Fa MU I'm gone.


I'm gone. I'm out. I'm out. Oh, So, so I gotta have to find me a new partner, huh? No, no, no. I can do the show from Tallahassee. You ain't gotta find nothing and the wifi work. Just do wifi work just fine. The Tallahassee ain't nothing wrong with it. Huh? Come on man. Yeah, listen, I will, I will pick up and relocate the Tallahassee right now. If the president call me any, anybody of the, of the governing body, the governing body that has anything to do with FAMU want me in Tallahassee to be anything. I don't care what it is. I'm packing up and I'm leaving right now, man.


Please. Damn. What? I guess you guess you wanna be general manager at fa MU Listen, you mean tell me I get to put on a suit and tie Fam. You don't have to wear no suit and tie. But if I'm the general manager, boy, I'm finna, well I'm finna be Ooh, Ooh. What general manager, You know, wear a suit and tie one. How many general manager? This, this one. Oh. Every time you see me step out, I'm gonna be in a suit and tie. I'm gonna have an orange suit. I'm gonna have a green suit. I'm gonna have a Rattler pin, a fam u pin. That green suit. You gonna be looking like the Grinch.


Ooh. Hey you. One thing, one thing about it, when it come to, when it come to put, when it come to fashion, I don't play. So if I have on a suit, I'm gonna look sha I'm gonna be sharpening in number two pencil. I'm gonna be cleaning in the board to help. I'm gonna be casket Shaw. Alright. Woohoo. And you, And you got, And you got me excited with that idea too, man, guy Ali. Hey, just the, just the thought of that, You know, being able to address, address the governing body at FAMU, the students, the faculty.


Man, you ain't dream auditioning for no job. Now it's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q it ain't you auditioning for a job On the job job. He sitting out his resume on my job. Chad, y'all see this fool? You auditioned for a job. He had the job sitting out his resume on my computer. Hey, I'm just trying to diversify my portfolio, babe. My bad. This man out here auditioning, sending out his resume on my company computer.


Oh, okay. That was funny. That was funny. Hip nor Wood. Jr. Unc, my question is, why did the Steelers have to choose Wilson over Fields? I would've gone with Fields over Wilson. I would've too. Because look at where you are now. You are about to be your third, fourth quarterback in the last four years. Yeah. I do believe Wilson could have done, I mean, excuse me, fields could have done some of the things and, and, and, and I thought that was your future. Why you, why'd you trade for him only for a year? Well, you only got what, two, three games out of him. Because like when, when, when Russ got healthy, he, You know, he went to the back up and wrote, Russ went to the starting lineup.


So I don't know if you really gave Wilson an opportunity to show you what he can do. Mm. What you think. I I I, I'm honestly, if I was Mike Tallon, I would, I would've gone with a veteran presence as well. Simply because of what they had done in the past. Super Bowl Champion knows what it takes to win and that's not take anything away from Fields. Fields was good when he was in, until Russell Wilson was healthy. He took the Steelers, You know, to a four and two record. Played extremely well. Extremely well. That's why I'm excited to see what he gonna do in New York as well. 'cause if he can get a jumpstart out, get a jumpstart like that in New York wants the season does start, I think thing things, things are gonna be being very, very, very good for him.


And that two year deal, they could te it up real quick depending on how he plays. Well they'll tear it up next year. Oh yeah man, listen, I'm excited for him. Ryan Gordon, what are your thoughts on Pittsburgh Steelers choices so far? Well, I mean, I like the dk The only thing they've done, they done dk. They gotten dk. Yeah. I mean what else? What else have they done to that with that? Oh, they signed Slay. You gotta get a quarterback. I don't care. They've had good defense. They've had skilled positions all that before. Without a quarterback you ain't going nowhere. Yeah. At all. Especially not in that division. Not in that division. Hell, the Steelers and the Browns Big blue.


Why aren't you guys including Jamir Gibbs in the top five backs? He is. We just overlooked it, bro. You do realize we going off the top of our dome. Yeah, bro. Ain't like we got notes here that like, okay guys, lemme, lemme explain how you Ocho and I work like, okay, we have the, the list of the rundown, but, but when you hear me start naming off players, that's not on there. That's just off the top of my Head. Yeah. The top of the head. Yeah. That's off the topic. Coach your head. We have a rundown in which the topics we're gonna talk about. I know y'all was talking about, well, hey, Ash is probably feeding him information because I was going back and I was telling you, we was talking about the Yankees and I was giving, was giving you different eras in which the players played. They was like, well he recall, oh, he got no, I don't because we, I didn't even know we were gonna talk about that until you brought up the Yankees.


Right. And what made them special. And then, okay, we go into this field, okay, we talk nascar, I have no idea we're gonna talk nascar. And then I just, because I than na, if you're from the South, which I was NASCAR's in, you, you watched it, you watched all of them because NASCAR is not like it was now. I think NASCAR used to come on CBS if I'm not mistaken. And You know, darl Earnhardt, Jr Sr. Used to drive the number two Wrangler car before he got the black Mardi Carlo, the three and had the Gogo Shades. And, and, and Darryl Waltrip drove the, the Tide 88 before he got the 11 car. And you have Buddy Baker And you had Bobby and Donny Allison, all those guys, buddy Baker, all those guys, You know, I re I've watched them.


Harry Gant, the Gold Bandit, Neil Bonnet, Austin Bill from Dawsonville. This was before Jeff Gordon and Jimmy Johnson and Dale Earnhardt Jr. And all these guys. That was, that was before Bill. So that's why, You know, you and I remember I used to sit down, what if you gonna watch, you had three channels on off and don't mess with me. So it wasn't like you just like it is now. Oh, you got 500 channels to Choose from, man, please. But no, we do not have every back. No, I didn't even know we was gonna talk about this, but the backs came up And you like, hey, so I'm just, we just rattled names off the top of my head. Right. It's an honest mistake. It's not like we know what Jamir Gibbs is.


Hey boy. Special sensation he can run and catch. Boy, you by the closest thing we done seen to Chris Johnson. Boy, Dr. Frank l. Belly says Fast break pump. Fake. Big mistake no   in five. Hey, what you saying? Hey, what you saying today had me dying boy. N-G-A-P-G-A-U-S-A-U-S-A Niggas. Well I Was in tears. That was funny. Kevin Brook, Clark Ocho build a starting offense and defense using NFL football players that are in the media or used to be in the media. What the hell? That's easy.


Me. Strahan, Gronk, Brady Moss, Ocho Moss, Fred Taylor, Ryan Clark. Woo. Sorry. Dio, you ain't made the cut. You ain't making you, first of all, you not beating out Brady or Troy. So, and, and because of the money, we're limited. The only two quarterbacks on the roster. So, I'm sorry, who else? Lemme try to think. Hold on. Who else? Who else am I? Who else am I missing?


Oh, Charles Woodson. See wood. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. Yeah, Woody, whoa, whoa, wood. Who else come on there. I guess we gotta put a, what you call him on there? Who? That? Damian. Woody. We need somebody Block. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We need somebody to block ocho. Oh, JJ Block. I mean, hey, deal. Don't feel bad. Matt. Ryan didn't make it either, so, so nah.


Yeah. Kelsey Playmaker, Play maker Deion in the media. He a football coach. Does is, is Fitz. Is Fitzgerald. What does, does Fitzgerald do anything for the, I guess you take Shem Smitty. Oh, She riding about s she yeah. Jason Whi Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Big Witt. Big wit. Yeah. Saturday Greg Olson.


Gonzo. Hey. Oh, I'm just saying we, how many tight we playing? We got me two. I know I'm gonna be one of the tiniest, I don't know who else gonna be one, but I'm gonna be one. Well you already said Gronk, so you gotta go between Gronk and Whatcha call it Gro and Gonzo. Oh, okay. I'm sorry. I'm sorry Greg. Oh, ooh, woo. It's a good one. Ocho, yeah. Shannon Ocho. Who wins? Brady UNC in the 85 Bears ocho. My homeboy Ray Lewis in the eight in the Ravens defense.


Shit. Ravens defense. I ain't even gotta think about that. I ain't even gotta listen. I ain't gotta think about that twice. I don't think people understand how good that Raven Defense was. Man, that that man, that's not even fair. Not even, not even Phil. Not even, not even, not even fair. I think we gonna get y'all Ocho. I got Brady Sh J 2 1 3 said, Hey UNC and Ocho, two questions. Do you have any plans to come to Boston for signing also, which NFL team do you think won day one of free agency, whoever won day won a free agency going be some crap this year. So whoever you think won, say please don't let it be us that we think we won day one of free agency because everybody that wins day one of signing free agency don't be nothing and it come to regular season.


Yes. I don't know if I'm coming to Boston, but we do have distribution in Massachusetts so I will be coming to to a, a store. I'm not sure in Bo what area of Boston, but I will be coming. Aaron Owen said the Bengals make me wanna pull my damn hair out. Well at least I got the calves true. Yeah. We listen, at some point we're gonna make moves. I'm not sure when, I'm curious to see how long they're gonna take. We're not the type of team that really waits to the last minute, You know, to do things. If they're gonna do it, they get it done. When they came to Joe Burrow, they ain't play no games. They didn't play no games.


So I'm assuming, no, You know, when it comes to Chase and t, if we're going to sign T it needs to be done Now. There's no need in waiting. There's no point in waiting. I understand what they have to do. They have to think about the future and the books the way the, the, the way the money's spread out, they gotta, You know, do all that stuff first. But You know, let, let's get it done in adequate time so we'd have the game back together if it's gonna be possible. That's pretty much it. Isaiah Lancaster, what's good Uncle Ocho? Two questions. Do you feel you and Steven, they have the best chemistry out of previous colleagues you worked with and who are your five quarterbacks with the best arm talent? Are they talking, are he talking about currently or best arm talent?


Ever, Ever? Marino, Rogers, Elway, Elway, homeboy. Brett. Brett. Brett Far. I mean Mike, Mike Vick. I'm, I'm talking about Arm, arm talent man, You know how Vic Flick, Vic Vic don't even step into the ball and flick his 70. True. So I'm talking about Flick it. I'm like man, what the, I think the thing is that what you have to understand is that first take for me is different than was undisputed.


Undisputed was basically Shannon versus Skip. The topics were what we talked about. And this was not on purpose, but he was a Jordan. I was LeBron, he was Brady, I was Mahomes, he was this, I was that. So it set up perfect. He liked the Cowboys. I didn't, I mean, I mean just being honest, he didn't think Luca was good. I did. He didn't think Lu Yoki was that good. I did, it was actually a debate. A debate format. If you look at today, what we, how we do on First Take, it's more of a conversation. So I had to adapt 'cause I'm used to coming out there.


This was a prize fight and I'm trying to win. I'm trying to win all two hours and 30 minutes in which I'm on the air. So it's different. Skip and I, we were unbelievable and it is not easy to do that every single day because I was the energy I always had to be on. Yeah. It wasn't no, You know, easing into it because I only got, I only got a small amount of time OCHO to grab someone's attention. Right. And hold it And hold it. Yeah. So I'm coming out, I'm Usain Bolt, I'm coming out the blocks and I'm running hard as I possibly can for as long as I can.


So it's just different. I think the thing is, is that now I'm starting to get like, hey and Steven a did, I mean Steven A has always told me like, just be you. Okay. So I didn't, I didn't want to come and right out the gate dump all of the undisputed Shannon on the desk, right. Build up, You know, I'm starting to get back, You know, have the Lakers and five and things like that. The one-liners and things of that nature with and dating this and that. So I think Stephen a but you gotta realize, I mean Skip and I, we started boom, boom, boom and slowly Bill, and this is, this is only Steve, Steven and a and I. We've only been together a year. Skip and I were together seven years. We gonna get it.


That concludes this episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network today.


Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Y'all know me, your favorite, UNC Shannon Sharp, the Liberty City legend, the Binga Ring of Fame, ring of Fame honoree, the Rock Runner extraordinaire, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Thank you for your loyal and continued support. We greatly appreciate you guys tuning in. Every night that we're on tuning in into Nightcap, make sure you check check out Shaa by La Porter. We do have it in stock and if you can't find it any city or state near you, just order whichever directly to your door. Please drink responsibly.


Please stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platform. Shaha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything has been restocked. The Super Bowl show shirts and hat bundle, the link is pinned at the top of the chat. Supplies are limited, so please make sure you grab yours while they last. Again, thank you for joining us. We will see you on Wednesday, The Volume


Check Engine Light on. Take the guesswork out of your check Engine light with O'Reilly Vera scan. It's free. Ask for O'Reilly Vecan today. Oh, oh oh. O'Reilly Auto Parts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed, LPT Tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. And We've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira. We are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, An iHeart win sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us an iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.