
As a renter, do you ever feel like you're just throwing money away? Think you'll never be able to save enough to buy your own home? Then check out Rent Rewards from Rocket Mortgage. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership. Now for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. Learn more today at 800 for Rocket. Or visit rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LLC. Equal housing lender licensed than all 50 states. Nmls consumer access.org. Number 33.


Wendy's is the official hamburger or March Man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a Junior Bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grill burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with the fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato, and mayo. And the hot and juicy double stack with two patties of fresh never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Meer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 Junior Bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal in fast food. Gotta be Wendy's


On April 18th, centers are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan Comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan. Return to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride shot with IMAX Film Cameras Centers arrive only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without Parent.


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana, that's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


The Volume


UF C3 14 is headed to South Beach. It won't be all blitzing glamor, but stars will be out. Don't miss any of the action at Draft King Sports book, the official sports betting partner of the UFC. It promised to be another banger Knights of Fights, especially the featherweight main event between two evenly matched fighters. First time just picking something simple like a fighting to win and make your pick. It's that simple. And if you're new to DraftKings, listen up. New customers BET $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Step into the Octagon with Draftking Sports book. Download the Draft King Sports book app now and use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only with Jeff Kings the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned into. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants you to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Russell Westbrook avoided the media for three games after he screwed up the wolves after Lee gave him a warning. This is not how, this is how he reacted after the nuggets lost to the Pacers last night. Let's take a look. Can You guys the cadence right now and get right for the end of the regular season? I'm not sure can be honest. Your coach just mentioned the e urgency situation I'm trying to avoid right now. Do you feel like in there's a sense of, I don't know man, You know, not sure Michael Wallace told this team. Well, most resilient this season.


You obviously are able to draw from so many experiences. What can you kind of try to draw from to, to help with teasing that situation? I don't have to ask before, but I wish I did, but unfortunately I don't. You know what, what's frustrating you the most right now? I mean, probably just losing it, You know, where's the confidence of this can figure something out in the next three games and, You know, be on the right path heading in the host season. No hopes I, I can't speak to everybody in the locker room, but You know, my head stays high. Get ready for Wednesday.


Hmm. Y y don't, you don't like the answers. Lemme ask you a question, lemme ask you question. And this, this is, you've been in the locker room, but I in the locker room, we've had some great wins. We've had some terrible losses. Had they won these games, is he acting, behaving in this manner? Probably not. Your answers are always different when you're on a high And you won a game. Huh? You know that now, most of the time as a player, as a competitor, especially Russell Westbrook, You know how he carried himself? He carried everything on his shoulders, very passionate, very enthusi, very enthusiastic about the way he plays. You know, when things aren't going well, he wears that on the shoulders. You know that? Why did they go well, who missed that layup? Who turned the ball over?


Right? Right. Now he done go three games. Yes. Without talking to the media, You know, that's, that's a party of obligation. That's intimacy. That's a part of the obligation. Me. That's why you make the big flux. Yes. And now when things go bad, you don't want to talk. But when he was getting those triple doubles, you couldn't beat him to the microphone. Yes sir. Yes. Yes sir. You see Ocho I tell people this all the time. What you do is your profession. A profession, a profession that's a professional, a pro is how you go about doing your job. Right. They're entirely two different things and sometimes people confuse the two.


You can be a professional without being a pro And you can be a pro without being a professional. One thing I pride in myself, I I hated to lose O Joe. Yeah, I did. I would, when I was growing up, I would cry. I would kick things and test things. And my ny say, I'm gonna tell you ass. So, because you going not gonna win everything in life. Right. And you not gonna be doing this. I just don't get it, man. That's just, Hey, IIII got a question And you, You know, me not, I mean, You know, we, You know West Westbrook real well. I Westbrook var. I don't know him. I just know from I Okay, okay. From what I've seen, watch it play. That's my homeboy, a very good friend of mine. The, the games where he didn't speak the games where, Where They have been may have been caused by him and his errors or what.


Yeah. Do, do you fault them for not talking to the media without, without having, would not have having it cool down and having a chance of saying the wrong things. Yes. Okay. You go three games. Yeah. So lemme ask you. So, so, oh, so I'm, I'm just asking, I I just wanted to ask you a question. I'm just asking. No, it, see, so everybody else, Nicole Yogis had to stand up there and take Cooper even though he had that 61 point triple double. Yes sir. He had to stand there and face the music. Yes sir. Everybody else has to stand and face the music. You see, I'm big on accountability. If I'm wrong, I'm wrong. I just have to be mad enough to come stand before you. The gave us together out the phone. Right. I was wrong.


I made a mistake. I've gotta be better. I'm not perfect. I like that. But my, my goal is to hopefully one day that, to show you that this is not who I am, no matter what it is Ocho no matter what it is, because I've been in a situation where I've lost, like I said, I dropped a touchdown that would've given us home field advantage throughout the playoffs. You go stand before the music. Yeah. Because I believe sunshine's gonna fall rain. I'm not gonna drop many more. Come on Now. But if I do, I'm gonna be mad enough to stand before you and says, Hey, I dropped it. This one's on me. Right. John threw a perfect pass. Everybody did everything right. All I had to do was my job in that situation. Just the ball. I faith. Yes sir.


This don't put it on anybody else. Don't talk about it's no team. It Yes, it's a team, but that play, they trusted me in that moment. And I let 53 guys down And I let everybody in the stadium And I let every Bronco fan down. Yeah. That's on me. I gotta wear that light one. And I don't just wear it for tonight. I wear it for the rest of my life. That's live. Now listen, listen. Now that's live. But you do have to understand everybody done conduct themselves that matter. That that kind of professional manner. That's that's But see what you did. But, but That's a good one. That was good. Talked about. We just talked about this last night. Yeah. What do we want women to do? Accept what? Accountability.


They ain't gonna never do that, huh? But I hear you. I hear you talking Then you can't ask them to accept accountability if you're not willing to accept accountability. That is Hey, this, that, that's dope. You Could never ask more than you willing to, Hey, that, That's, it's two different sides of the spectrum. But I like where you're going with it. 'cause I'm picking up what you're putting down though. I tell you that. That's a good one. Accountab, accountability. Yes. Woo. You have to be, you have to hold yourself accountable. Yes. Yes. We're not perfect. The hardest thing for me to learn is my sister say, Shannon, as much as you try to be perfect, you're not going to be Mm. I understand. You do all this stuff And you want, but Shannon, you are human. And a lot of times humans have frailties.


We have vices. You own it And you try to move forward. Sir, I I just don't like this. I don't like this. Russ is too good of a player. He's been a good player for a long time. He's not the same player that he once was, but he's a, he's a a, a, a a, he's a good player in his situation that he's in. It's not like this is the first time that Russ has had a snafu that potentially that didn't help his team win. Right. It happens. And listen, he's had many times that he's had, he has helped his team win. You know, he just so happened to be on the other. He just so happened to be on the other side of the story right now.


And he Play lo the Yeah. Yeah. Play lo think about it. Peyton, Tom, everybody, all the greats, Michael, LeBron, Kobe, everybody's had moments like that. If you play long, if you play long enough, yeah. You are going to have moments like what he has. I don't, I don't think any lesser Russ, because I mean, look, he missed a layup. He not the first professional athlete, the first professional hall of Fame MVP player to miss a layup. Patrick, you ain't miss one in the playoffs. Y'all remember against the pacers point blank. He got caught in between do I dunk it or do I and he hit it.


Boom. Hit the back of the iron. Happens play long enough. If you play a sport long enough, you're gonna have something. Oh yeah, you'll have, if you play baseball, you gonna miss a, you gonna miss a pop, fly a ball, we gonna have an error and lead the runs. It happens. It's a part of the game. But I just wish in that situation that wouldn't have happened. But it is, hopefully, hopefully it's something that he can learn from and a move forward and play well in the playoffs and all this thing will be a thing of the past Winning cures all Kmart, the Yukon lady, the Lady Huskies top, the lady Gamecocks from South Carolina to record their 12th straight, I mean, excuse me, their 12th overall NCA titles.


Paige Becker's exit on top all season as he fud Sarah Strong. Paige Becker's was too much as all three made. The all tournament team FUD had 24 points to lead UConn and was named most outstanding player. I knew this game was over when, when Paige Becker's had three points and it was already up 12. I said, well, it's over. Yeah. She ain't even really doing a whole lot. And the game is already over Kmart. Nah, it was, it was a hell of a performance by them, especially defensively. Man. You look at that box score. Yeah. For the, for South Carolina like, yo, like the fine time not to be able to make shots in the way UConn played.


Man, shout out to UConn, Paige going out on top. Yeah. Can't, you can't with all the hype, man. You don't think that it's going to end this way. Coming off of what happened transpired last year with Caly Park, with all the hype she had going into the game and the tournament and, and playing the way she did and, and being able to piggyback on that success for women's basketball with another dominant performance by another, another person that's, she's almost as famous as ba Caitlin almost. You know what what I'm saying? So to have someone piggyback on that success and to win it and shout out to her, shout out to Yukon, shout out to the women's game and no one saw this coming.


But, but Yukon, I'm, I'm assuming, I think the thing is Kmart is that people don't realize as a true freshman, Paige Becker's was the player of the year. The injuries rob her. She came, she was in that class. Yeah, it was her, it was Kaitlyn Clark. It was Angel Reese. Right. It was Cardosa. They was all in the 2020 class. Yeah. Yeah. When Paige got hurt, the a CR did what she did. But people don't realize how great Paige Becker's was prior to these injuries. Now I think in order for her, for her to go like, hey, when Rebecca Lobo and, and Sue Bird and Tara Rossi and Meyer Moore and Stewie with all those in the fe caught, when all of those are sitting at the table, Paige Becker's get to pull up her chair now because that was the only thing that was missing on her resume.


K-Mart, she had been player of the year, she had gone to Final fours. The thing that will Yukon in order to be in that, that group, they hang banners. Yeah, they hang banners. That's what them great players do. The, the started with Rebecca Lobo group and then Sue Bird and Tara Rossi. Yep. And Tina, Charles and Maya Moore and Stewart and all of them. You gotta hang banners. Absolutely. She got it now. She pulled her chair up. Yeah, She she pull it up. Go coach. Hey, hey. I mean, You know, congratulations to UConn and what they went, been able to do. Gino winning his, what, what number was this for him? 12th. His his 12th championship. But for the lady Gamecocks, what does Don what does Don Staley need to do?


Or what does he, she need to come inside that room to get back to get back to the top, You know, scoring better players. Yeah. Shooters. No, you gonna get every, no, you gonna get everybody best shot, man. Now you gonna listen One, you got all of them, all Americans, man. They're just like UConn used to be, Tennessee was the haunted forever. Right. USC was the haunted, UConn was the haunted. Now South Carolina is the haunted. Right. The people you're going to get them schools best shot every time you play, right? Yes sir. It's it's bulletin board material. It's, they got all these, all Americans, they got all these McDonald's, they been doing this, they do this. They got commercials, they dad, they, this, they, You know, you been here and all this leading up to this game and it just adding fuel to this fire that you already got burning.


Right. That you want to go out and compete so you don't get that best shot, man. Like whatever she do, I'm pretty sure they gonna go back to the drawing board. Yeah. And they still held the team stealing Dynasty. They still Ty. But if you, But if you think about South Carolina, they got no star. They got no dominant player and they made it to the championship game. You look at Sarah Strong is a true freshman. Yeah. She gave you 24 and seven. 24 and 15. She nice. Right. As if FUD was an all American. Yeah, she's coming back. Paige Becker was once college player of the year she was there. So you got three big guns.


Look at Carolina. Carolina, Carolina had one player in double, two players in double threw off, Off the bench with team off the bench. Your starters gave you 17, 19 21. Your starters gave you 24 points on Joe Total. Your start, Sarah Strong outscored the starter by herself. She had 24 having fud, she had 24. Paige Becker's had an OX night shooting the basketball five or 14. She has 17 points. You are not going to win if one starter for the opposing team right out scores your entire starting lineup, you are not gonna win. And I game is gonna be lopsided like it was. And I I got One word say my sister, my sister, look, my brother went to Carolina.


So obviously we root for all things Carolina. I told my sister, I said Libby, they went to Game, they went to South Carolina. Stop their 71 game win streak by damn near 30. You think they gonna beat this team on a neutral site, right? No chance. Zero. Well I got one word for you. What? The Portal. Oh, dog. Gotta go to the portal. Hey man, one thing, that portal real right now, Jack. Hey I'm sure I I know, I know, I know Car. I know they got the boo. I know they got the boosters down. I know they got the boosters down there in South Carolina. They going, they can go get whoever they want. I'm telling you. Hey, they gonna bring that. They gonna back that brink truck up to somebody then you, you got, you gotta, you gotta pay.


You gotta pay the play. Gotta pay the play these days, Jack. Hey, that's why. Go ask Nick sister, go ask Nick Sa like, Hey man, listen, I'm out. These kids can go wherever they, Hey hold on now. It ain't just about football no more. Yeah, I'm out. They compete. Don Staley, Don Staley closed out a final presser thanking the local media. You guys know our team. You're pretty fair with how you assess our basketball team. If every program had this, we could push, push women's basketball forward on a local level across the country. You see the difference When her team lost, she didn't snap at no reporters. Was this good or bad?


She didn't do that. You know what class personified, you have to have the same level. You gotta win with dignity. You lose with the same, your same purpose. Absolutely. It ain't no Oh, oh, oh. How many final fours have you been to? Did your team make it this far? There was none of that. None of that. You see the Difference? Yeah. We've been here before. Can't get here again. And we been there before And we gonna get her again. Yeah, but Don, you right, she gonna have to, she gonna have to go. She gonna have to go. She gonna have to go go in that portal and get some big guns And I don't know what's out there. Maybe maybe they could get a put a a a $3 million package and go get Juju Talk little more than that.


Hold on, hold on. Three oh 3 million. Gonna take a little more than that. Take for the Hey, the Pride Juju from USC Gonna be like 10 this out. Jeff Finn say 10 too. 10. I fixing 10. I got five. I can't give you 10 A. Hey Don, say hey Don gonna push back. Don said hell. I don't make the three and a half. How you going pay a triple? What You paying me? Yeah, I'm putting the Hey Juju, putting the asses in. C You know,


buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, pre-approval for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. You'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, realtime insight and more. All the things you need to make that kind of informed decision that can make the big difference for you and your family. So whatever you're buying your first home managing home ownership task or unlocking equity for future opportunities. There's only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home@oneaddressrocket.com. The new home for all things home ownership. Whether you're buying or refinancing, you have to just look because it's all there. Rocket on the Dream.


On April 18th, centers are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan. Return to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride Shot with IMAX Film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


What's good fam? The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back and taking over Pullman Yards in Atlanta on Saturday April 26th. And it's gonna be a whole vibe. Doors open at 11:00 AM So you already know It's an all day celebration of black excellence and we're partnering with Nissan to bring you an event you won't want to miss. 'cause it's all going down in the Nissan Lounge. If you haven't seen the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks or the Nissan Rogue yet, this is your moment. From available intelligent around view monitor to available BOS personal plus sound system. The all new Nissan Kicks is ready. Whether you're cruising through the city or hitting the highway, the Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than CR-V and RAV4 with available HD enhanced, intelligent around view monitor with moving object detection and a standard VC turbo engine. So pull up to the Nissan Lounge to explore their cutting edge features. Snap some epic picks and see which ride matches your energy. Music, love, culture and community all in one place. So come through, show out and make some memories. Tickets are on sale now at black effect.com/podcast festival.


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now alcohol and select markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


Yes sir. Houston shocked the world last night. Went on a nine oh run in the final 35 seconds of the ball game to win 70 to 67. Kmart is just the greatest Final four tournament comeback that you in NCA history for that amount of time it is up there man. It it, it is up there like them boys man. Listen. And and that's the, that's the beauty of having older guys. Yeah, right. Everybody want these 19-year-old phenoms. They're great. Cool.


But when you don't get rattled and you've been there and you've been battle tested and yo man, that was a, that was a period that was a great basketball game. Very good game. That was, that was a really, really, really, really good basketball game. Well coached guys played, they tail off man. So that I decided to tune in for that one. OO Yeah. With a minute, 27 seconds left. They up seven man. I cut the TI said man damn dude gonna win this thing again. Yeah, yeah. I know my homeboy gonna call me and start effing with me talking. I say, man, shit done got this. And so I let like, like 20 minutes go by. Yeah. And then I go to my phone.


ESPN No I was on, on the IG And I see the, the, the get out face. The guy got the, he's like, I, I'm like, what, what are they talking about? And then I read the co stunned of the blue devils there. Like yeah. I said, oh, I, I said ain't no way somebody, I said, You know, there ain't no way man. I got the TV on And I see everybody just like going crazy, crazy. What the hell happened? Well I, so I gotta rewind to go back and see what happened. Ain't got no inbound plays. What I be damn. Huh. Okay listen, I know Brown know Brown.


I got tight. Right. Very tight. Hey, I know a lot of people lost money yesterday 'cause that absolutely everybody bet on Duke to win that game. Yes. Hey, You know, remind Me of Kmart. You remember this game when Reggie Miller shot the Knicks? You remember he hit that three, he stole the ball. The Houston guy got the ball in red right behind the three point line. Let and let it fly and bam it hit. I was like, oh my goodness, I'm watching this. I'm like, oh my god, We no time man. Like just couldn't get the ball up, possession out the possession. Like they just kept the pressure on man. And They did listen and it warmed back. And I even during the game man and they was like, they get it to this point.


It could be interesting if they keep it right here. It could be, it could be this. And they did. And yo, I Thought, I thought a three point Also time bounce to the right time. Yeah. I thought also a time I kmar, you remember in the first half when Duke had that big lead and Houston hit three threes in a row to close out the, to close out the first half. Alright. Okay. They, they stretch out to a big lead again and here comes what you call it, clawing back. I was like, damn y'all. But then when it got a minute, 27, 64, 57, I said, man y'all ain't finna do I said y'all, I said y'all had a great run in Houston. I cut it off And see the thing about like that's that minute and a half is an eternity in college basketball been through lost.


Alright. It's an eternity. And when, when you guys, them freshman, so you got a lot of young guys on, you got some incoming freshman, you got freshman, you got some mixes. Some older guys. Them dudes ain't been in them precious situations man. Like just haven't had to show up when the stakes are that high. And I got the man, listen, Houston, them older dudes man them 22, 23, 20 4-year-old dudes. Man That, that's the thing because you look k when you look at, look at Duke, look at all the number one overall draft picks that they have and didn't win the national championship.


It started with Elton brand. You remember in 99 they lost to Yukon. I think they had like four first round picks that year. But Elton brand was number one. Kyrie went number one, Zion went number one. Bang. Carro went number one. Yeah. Flag gonna go number one and then, huh? See bag you told the Marvin Baglow right? Yeah. I forgot about Bag because you think about it, when Zion went number one, I think RJ went number three and number four Cam Reddick. Yes. Yes. And you Look at Kyrie with number one, I think Kyrie them got bounced in the second round. So it's like, I tell and, And I was, coach Greenberg says, yes, when you bring all this, it is nice because all these McDonald's, all American, you got one number one player, the number three player, the number five player, the number 10 player, the number 12 player in an incoming class, everybody have been the man on their squad.


How do we get these guys to share to realize, in order for us to get where we want to go, you're not gonna be able to be the man no more. How just small we, we saw that also with Kentucky. Yeah. Look at Kentucky with all the time they had the John Walls and the Boogie Cousins and the Devin Booker and the Shea Gil and the heroes and the Carl Anthony Towns. Look at all those guys that they've had and didn't win the championship. You won Super Bowls, huh? Yes. Saying winning is a learned behavior man. Mm. Like you're not just showing up as a freshman or as a rookie learning how to win.


When guys have been practicing this, have been working at this for years. Like you're not just finna show up and be on campus for eight months. Think And you Finn to learn the totality of this game. You, you come to college as this phenom, but you're incomplete. Like your game and your knowledge for what you're trying to be is incomplete. Right. Okay. So you on and And you only on campus for eight months and then you moving on. So you're not really learning everything you need to learn. And then you get in these pressure situations at the end of the year where you, like you said you've been to man. So that's all, You know, when it gets, when the, when the game get on the line, it gets tough. All you think to do is to put on your cake.


Yes. Like I'm gonna put on my Superman cake. This is my time now. Right. So and If you Got five, four or five guys that used to putting on that cake, then you have these results. So my thing is, the older guys, man, guys that's been coached and bred and been cussed out and been had to get on the line for three years and then then did this and then, then then had to run because they didn't go to class and all that. You ain't fit out. Listen them dudes hungry and, and, and they wanted it. I was listening to Cat, excuse me, a man talking about when they got behind Serbia and they was down like 13 in the fourth quarter.


He says, normally when, when I get into a situation like that, I'm putting that cape on, I'm going, I'm going, Hey take this thing over. Right. He said, but I watch Steph, I watch kd, I watch LeBron swing, the ball dribble kick. And it was like, and the next thing You know, and when KD hit that three point, who was that was that book? I think it was either book or KD hit a three point shot and they got fired. It was a four pointer. KD said Yeah, I knew it was over from that point on. And you see the thing is, because you gotta realize now those other guys you going to going against, they had capes on too. New guys of Houston. Like Kmar said they're older guys. Ocho they got the mile test. Right. Right. They average about five.


The, the, the, the fastest guy ran the mile in like five 10. The slowest ran like 5 46. They average about five 19. Right. To put that kind of pressure on, you've gotta have a tremendous amount of lung capacity because they're pressuring you 94 feet every time you touch the ball. Yeah. Every time you touch the ball. And to keep that kind of relentless pressure on kinda like Nola Ri Richardson used to have the 40 minutes of hell, K mark, 40 minutes of hell. Oh my, I'm gonna, we gonna, we gonna wear you down right now. Hey you might get off, but hey, the last three minutes of the ball game when you gotta think And you gotta execute You. Yeah. You got, you gotta deal with that. You gotta deal with that. That old MEbA press baby, that old MEbA press they used to throw on you man.


Yeah. Nah, nah man. It's that man. It's battle tested. Yeah. You got Florida, you got Houston? Who you like K Martin? Why I'm going with them Texas boys. Man, You going all things I Why even ask you you all things you aint if they have four Players, players. Oh, Florida. Yeah, Martin, He from Dallas. He going all Texas. Man. Hey, I'm from Oak Cliff America baby. What I'm talking about. All right, I'm gonna let let you hear that you want. Hey hold on. You want to put something on it again? Like I said, make it light on yourself dog. I listen, I don't turn down nothing but my collar.


Hey listen man, you, you, it can be a dinner. I, I see you smoke stove is oh wait. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You Smoke whatever you listen man. Whatever you wanna do, you make it light on yourself brother. Alright. Wait. Name your stove name your stove. So what it is, you name your stove I named mine. You win, you name your stove right. Okay. Okay. I mean I named mine. Okay, well listen, make that a jab. Miss joint. I like joint se 70 gauge lunatic. What you got? Okay, I'm going all in. Listen, you gonna have to go to the bank with mine. Trust me. It ain't going be going. Oh, so oh, oh, oh. You, oh you going oh me search it.


Oh you trying, oh you trying to get AKI with the bet. That's what you wanna do. It's a bet, right? Yeah. I, I said name yours. You name George. I'm gonna name mine. Well hold on. I don't have to go to the bank to get nothing by no cigar. 'cause I got access to that. So that's easy for me. I get them for free no matter what. You getting my bad player? Yeah, I, yeah. I never get, I'm getting lazy. My bad killer. See I'm, I try to keep it simple and just name one cigar. I just want, I want about about 10, 10 lunatics. 70 gauges. And I was gonna call it a wrap. But you trying to get spicy. We could do that too if you wanted to get into some gangster. Yeah, understand. Wait, however you wanna do it. Yeah. Well if I bet I want my cigar, Hey, I want somebody to go plant the salt in Cuba.


Watch it grow. Watch It grow from harvest it so real. You gotta go bring water. I'll smoke the cigars. I'm gonna let y'all have that one. So the bet ocho you want, you want 10 70 gauge lunatic. I'm, listen, I just want 10 70 gauge lunatics. Or You know what? Matter of fact I want 10 70 gauge lunatics, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Listen to me now. Okay. And I want 10 Daniel Marshall, 24 carat gold cigars. I will, well make the same bet then. Same, real, same bet. Okay. Okay. Matter of fact, you smoke, you smoked that Daniel Marshall, that 24 karat gold cigars. Yeah, but I haven't had it. But you named it. Same bet there.


Yeah. Hey, chat. Hey chat. Do me a favor in the chat. Tell Kmart how much that Daniel Marshall. 24 Kara gave 24 Kara Gold cigar is Kmart don't seem to co concern himself with that. 'cause he, I I, I would, I would I say listen, hey I listen when Win win and if I'll cross that bridge when we get to it. Oh listen, I already know Florida. I'm going, I already know Florida gonna win. I already know win. See mind as we just put more in. Now I'm going with them overheads man. All right. I'm going with them overheads man. They show up never man. They right down the road. A yo, do You know what this competi is?


The Alamo don't You know how many people finna beat come down? I 10, man. Right. Hold on, hold on, hold on. I 35, You know, and it's San Antonio bro. You think Florida don't travel Well, you don't think the people, the people from Gain, well they can't drive that. Listen man, they gonna have the highway Call on these ci these cigars cost $300 a cigar. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hell no. Hey, oh hey that all gold thing look good too. Now he going, listen yo, I I want, I want 10 of 'em. I want 10 of 'em. Box PO box. My math work. Well, my math of them. Okay. My math work. Well, okay, I'm didn't make a show.


My math will go well. Alright. No pressure. Listen man. Hey them. Hey man, it's going to be so much Cougar Red in that joint, man. Hey that don't mean that Don't show up. Show every us leaving. Listen, they got scalpel them tickets out. All, all everybody else fans. They, they, they leaving. So they gonna sell they tickets they bought to the final game. Right. They all them Houston fans that couldn't listen, that couldn't get 'em on Ticket Master people was that Hey, they getting them things right now for two, listen for pennies on the dollar And, and Kmart. I'm gonna, I'm gonna throw in five when you win. Go get my money too. While you at it. I'm gonna throw in five of them cigars.


Well, damn. Hold on man. What, what you, how you gonna side back? Ain't no side. This it between me and him. No, Don, I understand when he wins I'm gonna give him an extra five. So he gonna get my money while he had it. While he died there. He gonna get my money. Nah, nah, nah, nah. I'm I I'm gonna mail it. I'm not gonna see him in person. I'm gonna just mail it. Nah, Hell No Boys man. Hey them Texas boys man. Them boys Hungry dog. We see. We'll see. How do I ask you? Because I should have known All Faith, all Faith Texas, All things Texas because He love I sorry ass cowboy Ocho. We ain't talking about Whoa. Time out, time out, time out, time out. You like Cowboy shoe. I'm bred in it Ocho I'm not, I'm not one of them dudes that's from somewhere else.


Listen, he just, he just going team just because he is from the place and not ha not being realistic about that chance or actually what? The game. Oh, oh no. I am real. No. One thing about me about this team though. You gotta listen to me, but I'm realistic about it. Trust me. No, I'm not one of them. Them every year Lakers fans every year Catholic fan. Right. We gonna win. I'm not, I'm not one of them dog. Trust me. Okay. We hire, we hired Shaheim as a coach. Okay. I'm, trust me, when we, we could've d hey the man in D the man out in DC was an excellent for us by the way. He should not have been our head coach. How about you go Kellen Moore.


You want somebody that, that don't get me started with these dudes, man. Just 'cause I'm, I was in high school, You know, I've been outta high school a long time. See all this great. Yeah, I outta high school a long time. This was the last time they went to the Super Bowl. I skipped high school and went to the, listen, I skipped school and went to the Super Bowl Parade dog for real? And Yes. And had to sit out the first half of the basketball game. 'cause they wasn't looking for us. So no, I don't, I ain't rolling man. Like I'm right. I got Jake Time CD fan, bro. But Michael Parson, I'm, I'm on the fence about that. I don't know about I I I call him Dakota until he do something.


His name Dakota Rain. I don't call it, you don't get names with me if you don't, if you don't get it done, man. I'm right. Like the dude's on the show. So, so we had to pick another team this year. I was going for LA Bar and the Reagans man, like, so I, I was off the band with listen way, way back in when they first started training camp. I'm gonna tell you straight up, right. They ain't did nothing significant when they didn't sign Derrick Henry last year. I was off of him. I ain't gonna even hold you. Yeah, well listen, Y y owner, he got a, got a place in Dallas. He trained. He traded Dallas. He dropped Dallas. And I Dallas know guy. I know he, the guy he, he trained with my mind like Melvin Sanders at Sanders Fit the way he worked out at I was Mel's first client.


I know Mel well. Mel was with me in Denver trying to, so I know these dudes well. And Mel was telling me off record like, man, he trying to be here. I'm like, man, what's up with it? So Y y owner, y owner said he couldn't afford him. Man. Let, then you go back and bring Zeke man. Are you like, come on man, let's not, let's man, let's, let's, let's not do this man, because trust me. No. Hey, they could have threw one of us back there man. And got more production ocho. I got artificial hip. I can't take no more hips K bar. I ain't gonna at point. I dig. Oh yeah, You know what,


All your renters out there, here's something from Rocket Mortgage you're going to want to hear. Now. Anyone who's ever rented before knows the feeling you get every month. Your hard earned cash is gone. It's like throwing money away. Even more frustrating is the knowledge that every dollar you spent on rent is a dollar you could have put towards your future. It can make you feel like you're never gonna be able to save enough to afford a home of your own. And that's what makes what Rocket Mortgage is doing. Here's so special. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership is called Rent Rewards. And for the first time you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. If this sounds like something that can make a difference in your life, call 800 for Rocket or visit rocket.com to learn more about rent rewards. That's 800 for Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LLC Equal housing lender licensed in all 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org. Number 33


On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin brother Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride shot with IMAX Film Cameras Centers arrive only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parenting.


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny Days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A Day of Sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Steve Kerr called Nico Yoic the best center he's ever seen. Kareem couldn't do all this stuff. Yoic is the best center I've ever seen. I played against Kareem. Kareem couldn't do all this stuff. We're watching a guy who's doing things nobody's ever done before. It goes so far well beyond the skill with Yolk. It's the competitiveness. It's his intelligence. He's absolutely one of the smartest players ever. And you see it in so many different ways. Kmart, somebody was saying, hold on, I forget who it was, but they said he wasn't a top 20 player yet. Where do you have Nicole Yoic ring? Because he top 20 for me.


If he ain't top 20, do away with the whole whoever in the top 20. I'm throwing everybody out. If Nicole Yoic I'm talking about right now. If he is not top 20, I don't know what the hell we talking about. Right. I want them to wait, hold on, wait, wait. Before the answer came, mark, hold on. UNC top 20. All time. All time. All time. All time. In the history in the 78 year history of the NBA, He Only Yoki is a top 20 player. He, as we sit here, He's still playing Uncle. I don't So is LeBron. So is LeBron and Steph Curry. Okay, go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Come my answer, answer. I'm, I'm just curious. Okay, go ahead. No, go ahead. Gaymar them two dudes. You can't, yo man, you can't talk about the history of the game within the last and not mention him.


Just can't. So if you talk about, so if we do about positions, right? We can give you by position. Yes sir. You go wilt. Just not team performance. You're talking about individual dominant performance. Not you go wilt, you go Hakeem, you go Shaq, he's next in line man. You taking him over Kareem. Oh, I forgot about Ka my bad. He's fit, he's the fifth best center of all time right now. Just from the three MVPs, what he is doing, go after triple, double all this.


Right? Potentially win another one. He's gonna win another MVP, You know, maybe two before he is done. Maybe another championship. This puts him up. Yeah. Top five center of all time right now, man. So you, you, you some of these other guys, man, you Yeah, I'm, if he's not 20, if he's not top 20, 21. If you don't not top 20. He, he he 21. All right. I like it. Top 25. Like if you want to take five guards, five, five point guards, five shooting guards, five small fours, five power fours, five centers. Right. Top 25 best NBA players of all time.


He's top 20. He's the, he's the fifth best center of all time. So I would, I would put him at right now. He's still playing. I'll put him at Fit. He's he, he he's as good as I've ever seen. Yeah. I think the thing where people knock him is because of his def because all the guys that you mentioned play deep. All the guys that you mentioned had had made at least one some multiple. Right. All defensive teams. Now they didn't have that. They didn't have all defensive teams win when Wilt Chamberlain. 'cause Wilt had a game where he had 24 blocks. So we, I mean his numbers, I mean we gotta do something. We just gotta sit will aside. So the 150 point 50 point games, ain't nobody ever touching that.


Yeah, you never gonna do that. Nobody's gonna average, average, average 50 hold points a game four season. What? A what what a oh what a, what a footage at of, of will's hundred. A hundred point game. You seen the footage? No, ain't no way. No ain't No footage. You just got the box score. Yeah. So, so, so if you look at Yeah, I, I'm with you. So they just, so the hundred points, the 20,000 women all of, Hey, Now you think the 20,000 was to sell that book? Yeah, absolutely. Damn sure sell So, Right. So my thing about Nicola right, it's not the defensive end. He, he's the top three in Steels. Right. But that's one thing.


But if you look at it on and os look at when the games are on the line, right? Like the other day that that man, that Minnesota game the other day, right? Yeah. The 60 point triple or back game of all the things he was asked to do offensively that game when the game was on the line, both overtime, this, that, and the third. Watch him move his feet defensively when they ask him to go out and double Anthony l It's little things like that that I look at right When the game is on the line, he can move his feet. He's great. He's not, I ain't gonna say he's Draymond Green defensively when the game is on the line, but No, You, you're going to get an honest effort out of him.


He's going to implement the game play whatever you tell him to go out and do with all the deficiencies that he has defensively. Give me that effort that he right. That he displays when it's winning time. Every time. Yeah. 'cause like Steve Cur said, his competitive nature fix in, you say he can't do something, I'm gonna try my best not to. That Anthony ELs turn this corner. Right. Listen, but this is a funny thing about it. Now as great as he is offensively and what he can do offensively in the post mid range from three, he's a liability on defense. I don't care how hard he tries. No, no Advantage of it.


Yeah. If you're going up against Joe l indeed, he's probably a liability on the defense. Yeah. But the question is, who do you have on the d offensive end that's gonna punish him? Like he's gonna punish your guy on the defensive end. So you, so when he has to play defense, right? Who's the guy that's gonna go at him and put 40 on his head? Like he's gonna put 40 on your guys' head. Yeah. He gonna have a double digit assist. So now that's another 20 to 30 points. Right. And he's going to get, I mean think about this. He's going average a triple double for a season as a big, he's shooting 58% from the floor.


He's shooting 42% from three. That's About 80 from the line. Understand Somebody that shoots that many shots from the outside. I talk about a guy that just lays the ball up and dunks it. Right? Think about how many shots he takes outside of the paint and he's shooting damn near 58% ocho. That's crazy bro. And 42% from the three you shoot, if you shoot 40% from the three, you'll make a lot of money. Yeah. You shoot paid 37%. Okay. 37%. You shooting 40%, you are in the, they look at you as an elite shooter. You shoot 42%. You are listen.


Yeah, I mean that's, that's what I was in high school dude. Dudes lead the league shooter. 40%, 41, 40 2% left three. Yes. And you got a center out here doing it Call a center. John Marette, Spencer Haywood told TMZ that Jas running his career. He said the people that are around him are not advising him. Right. He's ruining his career. He's ruining his family's life and his team, most importantly, he's letting all of them down. So I'm just disappointed in Ja, Kmart, you an elder statesman. You are, you are the boss of reason. A lot of times. Sometimes you unreasonably in the locker room. But if you had a young guy like Ja, immensely talented and he keeps doing this kind of stuff, what would you say to him?


Kmart? Yeah. That's the honest conversation, man. Like you gotta, for one, you gotta have a rapport with him outside of basketball. Oh yeah. Right. That that's first and foremost. You gotta be able to relate to him on some level. So once you have that And you establish that, yeah, it is, it's, it's being honest with it man. But at, at some point words, words are not enough. Right. And in this situation, unfortunately, I'm starting to see that words and certain things don't matter no matter who's in his locker room.


I think that's why they bought Marcus smart in right initially to try to beat that. Marcus Smart has had some hiccups. He's been feisty, he's been that in this, in the NBA to try to be that. But when, when your immediate surroundings and immediate family are not helping the situation, there's nothing that me as a vet say, because we can do ourselves. 'cause we only, I I I only have you for a certain amount of time during the day. Right. I'm not gonna follow you home. I'm not gonna hold your hair. And we don't live together. We know. So we're not living in the same complex, we're not doing these things.


So I can do everything in my power. But once you leave and once you around your guys and your family, sometimes those people have more influence than the guys who you should be looking up to. You should be looking for that influence. And unfortunately for in this situation, that's what it is. Hey, You know? Okay. And I, And I, when it comes to players like this, players of this magnitude, players that are this good, players like this that have a certain type of individuals around them. So most of the time we call them, we call them yes men. I, I, I'm just say what it is. You got a bunch of dudes around you that not, that are not gonna tell you what you want to hear. And don't nobody wanna get they water cut off as I call it, You know, so I think somebody has to be an elder statesman that's part of the NBA that conducted themselves somewhat in a similar manner that Ja looks up to when he, when he was younger, that played.


Now maybe they could get, get through to him and get him to get him to understand, You know, the NB a's not against you. You know, there's certain things that you got in trouble for in the past. So the third certain things you can't do or you can't get away with based on past behaviors. That's all. Yes. Other players in NBA might be doing, You know, the little gestures or whatever, but they also haven't had issues with doing anything or brandishing weaponry outside of the game of basketball. So it's different. So you held to a different standard. You got, you gotta understand that Who OG in the who? The og who og in the streets. That's what happen. I say, I'll say ai. No, Ai. I would say that the og the real OG in the streets in Memphis.


Exactly. We all go, John, say, cut this bull. Drive out. See we in these streets because we have to be Yeah. You pretending this real, this what we do, this real over here, all this. But I, but I'm, I'm trying to, who is he trying to impress? Because me personally, I don't think John Hood, I don't think jump out that life. That looks good. He do. He, I mean he went that, that looked good. I mean, the people like, oh man, y'all, y'all not like that. I know people that are like that. Yeah, that'll lay it down like that. But he ain't him. You worked your whole Kmart. You say you from Old Cliff, you worked your whole life to get out of that environment.


Why would you get out of that environment and then try to prove that you still down? No, I'm not down. That ain't me. We not, no, I'm not down. Nope. Nope. I left all the eight. The Lord blessed me beyond blessed. Yeah. He helped me get out of that situation. And then I'm still going to pretend. I ain't saying you can't have no no firearm to protect yourself. Yeah. But it's the people that, it's the people that you don't think got them firearm that are set fire to you. See, the thing is, it's one thing of having it is one thing. The people that's wouldn't be using two totally separate conversations. Right. And, and the city that he lives in, they about that thing, man.


They bout about it. Yeah. A lot. This p Yeah, they are, they are. We all know this man. So, yeah. And I put this, so I've, I, I said this on Gils and Arena man, And I spoken to said person who I'm about to mention right now since I've said this. I put a lot of this on T Morin. I put a lot of this behavior on him first. Okay, you wanna let your child grow up? Cool. He's a professional athlete now. Cool. You want to give him a little leeway, a little rope to be him, to find himself to do all these things. Yes, absolutely. But when it's become detrimental to his career and his brand, who he is, we gotta reevaluate some things, son.


We gotta go back to the drawing board, son. We can't do these things, son. I can't be at the game behaving this way, son. I gotta move different son. So we can do, so all of these things they have to do collectively to change people images on Ja, the family, the grizzlies, all of it. It has to be a collective effort. Right. Because if not, like we all know the only thing we respect as athletes is playing time and money. Yeah. Yeah. And these little slap on the wrists and this, that, and the third. Like I tell people all the time, man, and God rests David Stern soul, if this was David Stern's, NBA, yeah.


None dope. He make an example out of it. You're not gonna make a mocky of this, this, this logo. You're not going to continue to make a mocky of this even, even as great, even as great as he is, man, that man wasn't that, don't care. Nothing about that Don't care. You're not bigger than that logo, man. You're not as y'all say, the shield. Right? No one is bigger than y'all shield. Right? Right. David Stern carried that, that NBA logo the same as the NFL Shield. You're not bigger than that. You would've made an example out of Ja. Either you listen, this man told me the words outta his David Stern's mouth to my ears, son, if you wanna continue to be a part of this NBA, you will change your ways.


Mm. And this for me, fighting on the floor, this had nothing about firearms. Right. Me getting in trouble. This is just for me fighting on the floor. Right. And giving me this warning. So what you think the message would've been for this situation with this kid? I don't care about your talent level. KU was in the league when everybody had, And you remember everybody used to wear a baggy pants and had the tall teeth. Yeah. And David started saying, y'all gonna clean this issue up. He said, we got too much money at stake sponsors, advertisers. This is over No dress code. This man put in a dress code dog. Yeah. Because dudes was coming to the game and throwback jerseys and wearing throwback dirty stuff on the bench. He put in a dress code.


Right. Hey, hey, K, but I got about 70 them throw to throwback. Right. That's crazy. Come on man. We got no, so it's, it's lessons need to be learned in this current situation with dudes. Right. Recently, the whole gun thing. They find you 75 And you come back And you post PQ like, yeah, I Kmart. It ain't, it ain't enough, man. Like, you gotta, so somebody gotta step in. I I, I hope, I hope he, I hope it Ja figures it out because he, he doesn't realize how much money he's like actually costing himself with this. I mean, You know, hey, yeah, he has the Nike deal, but Nike is the Not only brand that pays money. Everybody. They have so many other brands and he's missing out on so many more, so many opportunities.


You know, he, he, a lot of times a lot of people thought he could be the face of the NBA. Yeah. Charismatic. The way he can play the game. He's, he's a, he's a small guy. And, and the NBA loves small guys. They love guards. Absolutely. And, and he has it. And I just don't know why he wants to perpetuate this type of behavior, but to each his own Kmart Bay for joining us. Hey guys, everybody do us a favor. Go. Father Kmart on ig k. Kmart, what's your IG handle? Hey man, everything King Martin Sr. Man. You know what I'm saying? It's Kenya Martin, senior, everything. Ig, Twitter, Facebook, Kenya Martin Sr.


Baby. You could watch him. Hold on before you go. Right. Hey, Kmart. I'm gonna throw something else in on that bet. I'm throw something else in that. Hey, listen, LeBron James, You know, when he hit 50,000 points, he gave me the ball, the, the actual ball that went in when he hit the points If, if if Houston b Florida. Yeah. I send you the ball. I promise you. Put that in there so you already know how much this shit worth. What you laugh at that. Look, You know what I want that gold jacket that you wrote, HOL on, that you put on the sideline. That's the jacket.


I want that. Hey, I'm still eight, eight got no more. I'm looking for it. That's 1 0 1. I can't find it. I that The Volume


Protect your end zone with the best clean pants down dude wipes coming. A variety of senses and sensation like mint chill and shehe butter to keep your backside protected with a hundred percent plant-based natural fibers. Don't formula the ball with TP wetter just cleans better. Stop being a a-hole to your B hole and make the trade of the season with switch to dude wipes, the MVP of Clean available at Amazon and major retailers nationwide. Dude wipes best clean hands down.


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details,


Some stands for so others might eat. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they will say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington. DC


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.