
Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite For some former NFL players, A new faith provides answers. You Mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got straight way. He tries to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Michael Rappaport and I have been professionally podcasting for 10 years. The podcast game has changed so much, and if you're looking for the most disruptive podcast in the world, then subscribe to the I am Rappaport Stereo podcast. Today we're talking sports, politics, pop culture, entertainment, and anything that catches my attention. Listen to the I Am Rappaport stereo podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL Media like Colleen Wolfe. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on. Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And. we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And Then there's me, Devon Rogers And. We are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume, TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new draft. King customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Drafting sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. And you watch the Jets beat down the Patriots. I am your favorite. Onk Shannon Sharpe. He is your favorite. Number 85, the rock runner extraordinaire. Liberty City's finest. He's a former pro bowler all pro Cincinnati. Bingo Ring of Fame Honoree. The legendary, the one, the only Shad Ocho Skel Johnson. We just call him ocho. This is the UNC OCHO show. Yeah, that's me. That's me, that's me. That's me, that's me. That's me. This is the UNC OCHO show. Nightcap, please make sure you hit those subscribe buttons. Please make sure you hit that like button. And do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from.


And remember every subscriber counts. We thank you for counting. We thank you for mattering And. we thank you for helping us achieve the level of success that we've been able to enjoy for the last year. And go check out Shea by La Poitier. Hopefully within the next say six to eight months. We should be in damn near every state. But if we're not in a state or sitting near you, you can go to our e-commerce site and we'll ship it directly to your door. Thank you again for your support for Shay by La Porter. Please go follow my media company pages on all platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. And if you've ordered Merck in the last three weeks, it's being shipped out this week.


So it's getting printed up. It'll be shipped out at the latest, I'm gonna say Tuesday. We have a lot of orders we had to fill. The latest orders should be Tuesday. So you should start receiving your merch Wednesday, Thursday, Friday next week. Again, thank you for all your support because guys, you help UNC and Ocho Nightcap out grow immensely. And, we thank you for your loyalty and your support. Huge Ocho, you watched this game last night. We didn't think it was gonna be much, but the Jets did a great job. Aaron Rogers looked unbelievable. Aaron Rogers 2 81 passing yards, two touchdowns. The Jets defense recorded seven sacks and at the end Drake may got an opportunity to play. And you know what, it might be a thing of a sign of things to come because you kind of know what you was going get with Jacob Brit, you just wanted the set.


Learn a little bit. You was kind of hoping probably Brit could get a little farther into the season Ocho, but it doesn't look like it. But you know what? You gonna get your Jacob Brit. He's not changing anybody's life, but give the Jets credit tonight. They look really good. Aaron Rogers look good. Very good. Like he nor like he normally do like he normally does now he looks like the Aaron Rogers that we saw in in Green in Green Bay. Yes, he does. What did you like, what did you like most about what you saw from the Jet tonight? I mean, you know what I liked, what I saw most from the Jets is the consistency of their offense. Now, there was a little of lull obviously in the third and fourth quarter, but their first and second quarter they look good going up and down the field, being able to run the ball, having a, a consistent balance of run and pass.


Yeah. Girl Wilson looks very good. Yeah, Mike Williams looks good. The running game looks good. Now this is the jets that people were expected to see if Aaron Rogers didn't get hurt last year. Correct. So with him being healthy now, he made me a little nervous sometimes every time he scrambled outside that damn pocket and they go goddamn run. And I'm like, it's like I'm holding my breath a little bit, you know? But I know his, the keys is messed up. But again, something that other quarterbacks either learn like Tua every time he got out the pocket, what's the first thing Aaron Rodgers did? Get down feet first, get a first get down Feet, first get down. But other than that, man, they, they, they look phenomenal and that defense. Yeah. You know, they, they didn't look good last week. Yeah. But this week they looked much better.


And the fact that this Patriot team that I just saw tonight beating my goddamn Bengals at home. Yeah. Week one. I don't know what's going, I don't know what that, you know, what is going on. But listen, if you're a jet fan, if you in the chat and you are a jet fan, even if you're not a fan of Aaron Rogers because of some, all the, all the extracurricular activities he talks about and does off the field, the young man, this is the reason why they put up with his bullshit. And he gave you example of that tonight. Yeah. Ocho when I watch this game, I'm looking at the Patriots and I'm thinking to myself, y'all had a game plan, Tom Brady, I gotta can't run. The last thing you wanna do is let Aaron Rogers get outside the pocket and throw the ball.


That's where he's most dangerous. He, he, he made his bones. He's a four time league. MVP. Yes. Aaron Rogers can throw the ball from the pocket. He's one of the most prolific throwers of the football that we've ever seen. But he's most dangerous outside of the pocket. That's what you do to a Tom Brady. You force Tom Brady off his mark. Yes, Tom is accurate outside of the pocket, but he's not as accurate outside of the pocket as he is in the pocket. Aaron Rogers is the flip side. Yes. Aaron can beat you from the pocket, but you would much rather have him because you don't want to give him that kind of time once he escapes the pocket. Now he can't run like he want. He couldn't run like he could when he was 28, 32.


He's 49. We understand that. But his arm is still just as dangerous And if you let him buy time outside of the pocket. And, we know this about Aaron. If you studied his career, he loves throwing the ball to the tight end. Yeah. And this tight end came up with some big catches on third down to keep the chains going. Give him an opportunity to stay on the field, get three more downs. But I, I didn't really like the game plan of the, of the Patriots because they didn't, they they, they, they let Aaron get outside to his left. They let him get outside to his Right. That is a, a game plan that you have for a stationary quarterback, a Tom Brady, a Peyton Manning or Kirk Cousins. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I ain't worried about y'all going nowhere, so I'm just gonna make sure I'm gonna get you off your mark in the pocket. But when you look at you look at them, they ran the ball.


Okay. Not great. Not great. Right. Not great. They ran the ball. Okay. The defense did what they were supposed to do. What I think was an a a an over max team. You dominate them. Yeah. You dominate 'em. That's what you're supposed to do. Ocho a team that you're better than you supposed to come out of the game feeling that you're better than not. Like man, I wish we had played better. We're supposed to beat that team by X amount of points. So when you play somebody and you got, and you're better damn near across the board. Right. This is what you're supposed to do. Now they missed a field goal and I'm sure there's some, there, there's some things that Aaron and, and, and the offensive staff is gonna look at. Like, you know what guy, we probably should have had another 10, 14 points. Yeah. Easy, easy and And. we, you know, we feel a lot, I mean we feel good but we feel a lot better about ourselves.


I think that's the thing that the coaches that I really appreciate about a lot of the coaches that I played for OCHO that even when we won the game, he's like, we gonna go back and watch the film because there are some things that we can do a lot better to make sure that we're clicking on all cylinders, everything all going okay. But the judge, you know, you now you get 10 days, you don't play again until the following Sunday. You get some time off. You played a lot of games in the first 11, you know, 'cause they had a Monday night game then they played a Sunday and then they came and played a Thursday. So you look at about a three games in the span of 11 days. That's a lot. Right. That's a lot on a 40-year-old body. And so give Aaron credit for going, go ahead. One one thing you know Aaron ain't practicing, you know, you know he ain't practicing. He definitely not gonna, if somebody gonna take some time off, it's gonna be him.


I don't know who the backup quarterback is or whoever the number two quarterback is for the Jets. But he gonna Getty Ty Rod, isn't it? Oh it's Ty Rod, huh? Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Ty, ty Roth Finn to get some reps in this week. 'cause Aaron Roger is taking all that Off. Well you know, first of all Ocho, they probably won't even be back till Monday. So you get Friday off, Saturday off Sunday off. I see y'all Monday get a lift in off Tuesday. We back at this thing on Wednesday. Yeah. So that, that, I think that's the, that's that's the proper step. And probably this week everything was all walkthrough. Ain't nobody doing No. And I mean your body, I mean, 'cause you know how sore you are man. You play a game on Sunday, man, you sore till Wednesday. It's a lot of film study. A lot of film study, a lot of walkthrough.


But the jets what the two two in one right now, the three and 11 games, I mean 11 days, three games in 11 days. So you have to feel good. Yeah, you'd be loved to be three and oh with 10 days off. But you have to feel good. You won this game on a short week. Your offense look good. They're starting to pick up steam. Aaron is starting to figure out what his guys, how they liked the ball in game situation. Because you can practice scenario, but game and practice is a lot different. Right. And you saw some of the throws that he was making. He's as good with a back, with the back shoulder ball as we've had in this league in a, in any point in time in their career, you see him hit Garrett Wilson with the back shoulder, the ball. You see him hit Mike. Mike, who was that? Mike Wi, who was that? No, that Gary Wilson on the touchdown.


Yeah, I thought yeah, the first Gonzales. Yeah, that was, yeah. Yeah. Well he hit Lazar Lazar steamroll his way into the end zone. And then the what the second touchdown or th second, third touchdown, he hit Garrett Wilson who did a great job. I think the only thing that gon Gonzalez made Ocho, you know, when you're on the inside you can't reach like this. You reach like that. Yeah. Yes. You reach across your body and you know, he was look, trying to make a play. I mean, trying to make a play. You're down, you're desperate and you're trying to make a play. That's the only thing that I would say. That's the only thing I would say with Gonzalez. Look, I'm not no great db, but I'm probably sure time or what of the vus or one of those other guys will tell you the same thing when you coming from the inside.


Right. You reach like that. But other than that, he ran a great route. Aaron Rogers threw a great ball. It with a great, great ball's gonna be great coverage anyway, so it might have not even made a difference. But give Rogers, give this offense credit 24 3 probably say I'm, I'm sure they're kicking the cell. Like, man, probably 34, 3 34 38, 3. We feel a lot better about ourselves. That's, That's what it, that's what it should have been. Come To Mr. Field goal. Remember that Mr. Field goal at, at the, at at the half, Not only did Mr, the field goal at the half, but the penalties taking him back out of field goal range as well. Yeah. Missing some of those points that they could have had. Yeah, they, but the thing is And, if you look at it, Lynette Allen again, 14 to no 14 touches 68 yards.


So 34 for, that's a buck 51. That's not bad. 34, 4 buck 51 little over four yards of carry. So they ran the ball better than I thought they did because it seems like every time I looked they running into the line they was getting stopped. Exactly. They, I mean, so when you look at it, OCHO Yeah, that's a lot of carries. And they're doing a great job of mixing it up because we know Aaron is great off the play. Right, great Off the play. Fake. And you have those, you know, you get the ball down the field and he's great at the line of scrimmage. They give him a lot of leeway. He knows his offense backwards and forwards. So he has a lot of leeway at the line of scrimmage. But I like this two-headed monster with Bree Hall and Braylin Allen. They can run the ball. They're only gonna get better.


Especially when the weather gets get bad, it gets cold. Oh yeah. That's not impact Rogers because he coming from Lambo. So it's not like he's coming from Miami or San or, or or LA somewhere and all of a sudden it's gonna be hard. He knows what it's like to play in the cold. He knows how to get his body ready, how to spin the football in the cold. But I, they they, they, they, they might be a situation where they, they gonna, they gonna be, they can be an issue. They can be an issue for somebody. Especially once they get this thing going because they can play coverage in the back end with those two corners. The defense can get up. You Quinny Williams, what is that? McDonald? I think that's the guy that they brought in in place of Hassan Reddick and I think he has four or five sacks now Ocho he's playing extremely well.


So I think that's the thing where they're like, okay, hey, we gotta guy, he got three games, got five sacks, let's not make a rash decision back and pay Hassan, you know, 20 plus million dollars. Now had he not had those numbers Ocho that might be a different story. But you know how idea OCHO ride receiver holding out the number two receivers going crazy. So in three games he got 300 yards to three touchdown. Let, let's just hold on, let's see if we can go another week. Right. You know how teams back ocho, Aaron, Roger, touchdown, pastor Gary Wilson Ocho in the third quarter was his 480 of his career. Yeah. It was one of the first. He's thrown to a wide receiver drafted in the first round. Look, he's gonna have 500 touchdowns, which is, which is a bench.


I mean, 300 used to be 300 was the gold standard because before these guys started throwing routinely for 30 and 40 touchdowns. And then we had a couple of guys hit 50 touchdowns. Mahomes hit 50. Brady's hit 50. Manning gets hit 50. Manning has also hit 49. Now, the standard lift, if you don't throw for 400, 500 touchdowns, three oh touchdowns ain't the same. It's like a, you know, baseball player, the, the number you'd hit 500 home runs and you bat 300 now hell, you gotta have bat 300 have 500 home runs and 300 stolen bases. Yeah. In order for people like, well he had a good career, but Rogers is gonna throw for 500 touchdowns and, and with the as fewer interceptions and he's gonna throw for, he might be in a situation, I don't think he has a hundred interceptions.


Does he have a hundred interceptions? Have actually, I don't think he does 480 touchdowns with fewer than a hundred interceptions. Let that sink in because I think he has a, like a four to one TD to touchdown a ref interception ratio. Which which is crazy. Two to one you could live with Oh yeah, one six, he got 1 0 6 OCHO four 80 to 1 0 6. He still got the highest touchdown to interception ratio with the lowest, well, high touchdown, low interception. So he had that that best in in in the history. Yeah, because he, there are times that he went the whole season throwing 40 plus touchdowns in single digit interception. Right. He might not have more than two seasons in which he had thrown double digit touchdown. I mean interceptions, which is exceptions crazy.


Which is crazy. Just go to show you how good he is at Yeah. Oh my bad Ojo. He has three. Hey, it's, it's, it's funny, it's funny how the landscape of the A FCE has shifted down completely, totally shifted. Yeah. Now it was always dominated. Obviously always, always consistently dominated by the Patriots. Now things there have changed everything there have shifted. Like going the head coach is gone. You Ain't finna be on the top forever. Yeah. You you Right. But it was on there for a long time. Yeah. All 20 years, two decades. Okay. Yeah. You, I mean that, that's, that's a long time. Yeah. Ain't nobody's had, nobody's had a run. And maybe you gotta go back to the 49 ERs or so when the 49 ERs in the eighties when they ran the NFC West, you had the Rams, you had the Falcons, you had the Saints.


People don't realize that that was waiting a long time ago. But the Falcons, the Rams, the 49 ERs and the Saints were in the NFC West. Yeah. And the 49 ERs ran that division. Right. But they didn't run it like what the, what the, the Patriots did from 2000 until th until Brady left. Yeah. They won a division damn near every year. That, that, that's crazy. So you, you know what now, I mean obviously Aaron Rogers, based on where he at, where he is at in his career, like I think they have a chance to dominate the, as ces especially depending on how long it takes tour to get back, how far behind the Dolphins are in the division as well, and how well they can do with Tyler Hunt and Skylar Thompson.


There's a chance that the guy, what about Buffalo Here? What About Buffalo? Listen, I love Josh Allen. Right? I love Josh Allen. Excuse me. I love Josh Allen. I don't think he has enough pieces. I love, I love Keon Coleman. I love everything they have, but I don't think he have, he has enough pieces to be able to compete. Yeah. He has To do too much. Yes. I think he's gonna have to put, he gonna have to shoulder the entire load. I don't think he has enough. Well, no disrespect to them. I obviously, they're, they're playing well right now, but I'm talking about, you'll see what happened when they play the jet. You'll, you'll see what I mean. I think the thing is, when you look at, he has Shaki, he has go two tight ends. Dawson, Knox and Kin. K you mentioned Coleman, they can run the football a little bit with James Cook.


I forget the other running back name. He did. Yeah. I I But the thing is, when you got that quarterback, you always have a chance. That's all you need is him. When you got him Ocho, you got a chance. And he's one of those guys that give you a chance to win every single game every time. That's what makes, that's what makes those guys so special, because you don't go into a game and I, and I can just speak from experience, from having a top like quarterback when he had seven, when I had a John, it wasn't like, man, I hope we win. I hope if, if this goes well, that goes well. I know anytime he's under the center, we got a great chance of winning. Right. And, we didn't have to play our best because a lot of times you go into the game, well, if we do this And, we don't turn the ball over.


If the defense can do this, if we don't, if we commit fewer than five penalties, we got, nah, we got seven, we got a great chance. We don't have to be perfect And, we got a chance to win. And I think the thing is for him is that now that he doesn't, he's under man a little bit, the last thing you can do is turn the ball over at the ratio that he's been turning it over throughout his career. Because now you don't have the manpower to come from behind like you once could. So it's gonna be very, very interesting. Oh, so what did you make about the exchange with Roberts after the touchdown? Aaron seemed to push him. What's going on? Did you see it? Yeah, I I saw it. I think they had just play playful banter between hit, you know, co coaching player.


Okay. Okay. Yeah. They just play playful between coaching player. Yeah. Nothing, nothing, nothing too much. And I, I saw it. I actually, I had to, I watched it three different times just to make sure. Right. You know, you know, there's a smile on, on both faces and, and he and he walked away. It was nothing. Okay. It was nothing


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Alright, here we go. It's Cam Jordan from New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast. Off the edge with me. Cam Jordan can't stop it. You know what's gonna happen. Can't stop it. That's right. Catch new episodes every Wednesday, all season long. That's what you look for. Year 14 to do more No on. And I'll have my friends who happen to be some of the NFL's biggest stars. Join me on the pod. We'll give you a player's perspective of the biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moments from around the league and you know, we'll have fun doing it. Ha. Yeah. Oh, and I'll have a special guest each month. Join me to mix it up a little bit. Who is it? None of it than psych. You have to tune in to find out. So tap in to Off the Edge with Cam Jordan's podcast, your ultimate playbook for all things football and not football. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Michael Rappaport and I have been professionally podcasting for 10 years. The podcast game has changed so much. And if you're looking for the most disruptive, most consistent podcast in the world, then subscribe to the I am Rappaport stereo podcast. Today we're talking sports Steph kd, Anthony Davis and LeBron. They were better. And those teams pushed them to greatness. They brought the greatness out of politics. These people are not your friends. They're looking for your votes. This is not a popularity personality contest to me. It's a policy contest, pop culture, entertainment, and anything that catches my attention. New episodes come out twice a week and always pack a punch. With over 1100 episodes in the catalog. Listen to the I am Rappaport stereo podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey, this is Mike Wright from the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast. You heard that right? The Fantasy footballers have officially entered the dynasty space every week. We bring you the same in-depth analysis and entertainment. You've come to expect from the fantasy footballers only. Now from a dynasty perspective, maybe you've been living in the dynasty fantasy football space for a while. Well, we're here to take your game to the next level. Maybe you love fantasy football and you've been feeling that itch to jump into the dynasty format, but it feels a little bit intimidating no matter where you're coming from. The Fantasy Footballer's Dynasty podcast has something for you. And you're gonna have a great time listening, I promise. Join me and the rest of the crew every Wednesday for a new episode. Listen to the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news previews, recaps, and analysis delivered straight to your podcast feed by the time you get your coffee. No dumb hot takes here. Just smart hot takes. We'll talk every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in the big guns from NFL Media. That's Patrick Clay Clayban, Steve Weiss, Nick Shook, Jordan R from the Athletic and of course Colleen Wolf. This is their window right now. This is their Super Bowl window. Why would they trade him away? Because he would be a pivotal part of them winning that Super Bowl. I Don't know why. Colleen catch the podcast, the NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal every day. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. And who doesn't want that? Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast,


Bryce Young is looking at looking in the mirror following the past, the decision to bench him just two games into the seat. Yeah, I hope, I hope he not. I hope he not. Michael Jackson said, I started with the man in the mirror. He acknowledged the decision was a surprise and said not something I necessarily, I necessarily was expecting. Obviously not something that that was great to hear, but I respect Coach Canales and I respect the organization. At the end of the day, we had a ton of drive, a ton of game. And I didn't do enough during that. I look in the mirror and I take accountability for that. For the most part, every snap it hit my hand. I didn't do enough with it at the end of the day. And I don't wanna hear that shit, man. Basically, it's okay. I know you're the quarterback. You're the most important.


You're the most important player and most important position on the field because you touched the ball every goddamn play. But come on man, you, you listen. You have to say the right thing. Bryce Young is saying all the right thing because he's in a position where he has to, you went to a fucking dumpster fire. It's the reason they were the team to pick and have the first pick in the goddamn draft. Everybody can see it. Your family gonna tell you the truth. Your friends are gonna tell you the truth. I'm telling you the truth. It ain't you ain't nothing wrong with you. Some of it is OCHO Shit. You Ocho did you know, wait, listen, go ahead. Listen. Find me somebody at the Old Testament. Find me somebody at the New Testament that can come play for the goddamn panthers and make a goddamn difference.


Nobody, boy Jesus himself could come down here in them goddamn sandals. Ebe wan. Ain't nothing changing. UNC is bad. When Sam Don was there, when Sam Donna was there, they said it was Sam, Donna fault. When Baker Mayfield was there, they said it was Baker Mayfield's fault. Bryce Young is there. They said it's Bryce Young's fault. Sam Donald and goddamn Baker Mayfield are off to motherfucking historic starts again. Yeah. Baker, I think Baker Baker might have went to the Pro Bowl last year or something and he, he played very well since he's got outta that cesspool, which is Carolina. And let me tell you something, lemme tell you something Sha I want you to stay with me real quick. Listen to me. Dave Teper knows Frank Wright got fired 11 games in 11, 11 games.


He understands David Teper has a very short fuse and has little to no patience at all and not understanding that it takes time. We ain't gonna win then It Takes time. You not finna buy your way into having a successful team. It takes time to build. Yeah. So I think Dave Pin is sitting back. Well, you know, right now I think my goddamn job is on the line. Yeah. Because I don't think we can win with Bryce Young, not understanding that elephant in the room is more than just Bryce Young. There are other issues that need to be addressed. David Teer knows that. Mr. Canis knows that as well. Right. Bryce Young can do. And I'm, I'm, I'm gonna ask you one more thing. I'm gonna let you talk because I, if you don't stop me, I'm gonna keep on going.


Go ahead. There's 31 other quarterbacks in the team chat. Be honest with yourself. 31 other quarterbacks in the league that are starters, name one that would come, that can come to the Panthers team right now and make a goddamn difference. Please tell me. And matter of fact, I'm going to the game this Sunday. I think the Panthers are playing the Raiders in Vegas. I gotta work that game. Mm. So now I get to see it in person. So when we do the show Sunday night, you'll Be so saw in person. What Did I tell you? I just saw it in person. It ain't Bryce Young, But Go ahead. Go ahead now. You got Me. I think, oh, Joe, look, I'm 38 hot now The problem that he Got 30 making that damn speech.


Like he, the issue, The problem is, is that owners, let's just say owners and adss, you get a team, a team that went, won one game or a team that won three games. And you expect no matter who you hire to come in and all of a sudden y'all gonna be a playoff team. Y'all come in, all of a sudden you're in the college football player. Do you realize how bad you were before you got into, before you change regime your regimes? You know what the problem is? You know what the problem is with that? The people that in positions of power, they're not football guys. We have businessmen buying teams. Yeah, that's the problem. Businessmen that use money and they know that what money does in the business world.


Right. It changes things right away. Well you in the football world, that's not the way she Works. No. Because in in, in business you can create a product and it change a fortune just like that. Whether it's the iPhone or, or or or the, the iPod or whatever the case may be. You can create something and instant instantaneously it changes your life. Now if you are fortunate enough and you get a quarterback, it can change. It can. But but what about the piece do you have, remember Patrick Mahomes went to a team that had Travis Kelsey and Tyreek Hill and if I'm not mistaken, it had, what's the guy, the running Kareem Hunt?


Yeah, but he, I think he got in trouble and he ended up, they ended up shipping him out. Yeah. But and then they went and got Sammy Watkins. So they surrounded him as great as he was. They surrounded him with talent. Yeah. That's what you gotta have no matter. Great. I don't care how great. You gotta have some And, and I'm not saying that the guy, you needed Randy Mall, Jerry Rice and to all on one team, But Do they fit, do the pieces fit? And see that's what everybody said. Well Tom Brady ain't got no help. No, no, no. Those guys that Tom had, they fit because everybody can't go, you can't take guys that are being Alpha Dogs that used to being the guy and says, okay, you got two bass this week, we're gonna run the ball 40 times.


Right. Like they did like Edelman and Welker and and Amandola and those guys that don't work for Jerry. Right. That ain't working for Te that ain't working for Randy. That ain't working. Don't you? And I tell people that. I say, y'all look at and y'all look at Edelman. Y'all look at Amandola. Y'all look at welcome. Y'all look at receivers and y'all think, well they're not Jerry Rice. No, but Jerry ain't playing in that system. You better get Jerry that damn ball. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. You better get, Hey you better give Marvin Harrison that ball. Okay. Yeah. Let a drive happen and Marvin ain't seen the ball. Okay. Y'all let that, that quietness fool.


You bad. Everybody can't play in every system. They think oh great. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. You better get those guys the ball And. we gonna talk about Tommy and say how he approached situation with a receiver. How he would talk each and I, you hear me say this all the time. If you are a leader, you can't leave every lead. Everybody the same. If you are a coach, you can't coach everybody the same. You treat 'em all fair, but you don't treat 'em all the same. You have to understand by being around, being observant, talking and understand what's the best way. Oh, oh, he's so sensitive. Okay. You try to, you try that approach. Right. I'm just telling you, having been in locker rooms or telling you and I got over almost two and a half decades in locker rooms.


Yeah. I'm not telling you what somebody said. You can say somebody is sensitive and saw all you want to, but if you approach the wrong guy the wrong way, he gonna go upside your head is gonna be a problem. So you have to learn by talking to him by watching. A lot of times you watch, you know guys that I've, you know, you formed a relationship with. You watch them who to talk to in the room, how outgoing they are. Are they joking? Are they laughing? Okay. When they're on the field, are they, how engaged are they? You get a sense of what you can and can't say to certain people. Yeah. You have to understand that's a grown ass man. You ain't in college now. Yeah. You ain't in high school. So you being the captain and thinking you can talk to somebody a certain way and get you lumped up.


I told y'all, I'm just telling you. I'm just telling you now. So don't let that seal on your shirt fool. You like you in co like, like if you in high school and you the capital on the team more times than not guys that are the capital ain't gonna try you. Right. If you in college learn who to talk to, how to talk to him, show everybody a certain level of respect 'cause they deserve it. Okay. Or yeah, he'll take it. So, but we'll get to what Tom said a little later. Someone who's familiar with the organization. Baker Mayfield was asked about the Panthers decision to bridge Bryce Young. This is what Baker had to say. Obviously mine didn't happen in the same timeframe. Yeah. Price. Sure. But quarterback's hard, especially for young guys when you're not surrounded with the pieces that you are not not given the opportunity to have success.


And so that's a lot of the time guys have the talent, they might have the brains, but they don't have the right opportunity to write fit. I mean, I'm sitting here right now and in a way better fit than the other places I've been. And and that's, that's not to put other teams down, but it's a matter of the pieces around you, the coaches and for Bryce, a guy that, you know, I can relate to this. Finding that belief within yourself again and yeah, he'll get it. His story's far, far from finished. That's the keyword. Yeah. One of the keywords. He said the pieces around you. I say it all the time, A quarterback is only as good as that. Sup is supporting caste. You can only do so much. Yeah. Now I'm not supporting caste is bad, but there, there's, they Ocho I could ocho I can look at my plate and I got broccoli and asparagus and mushroom and I could believe, man, that's a steak man.


That's chicken man. That's crab legs. I can believe all I want. Yes sir. That's broccoli. That's, that's mushrooms and that's whatever it is. It's what it's, I can believe all I want to in myself, but if you don't give me the pieces around me, believe it in me and them not being able to do what I need them to do is not gonna Right. It's not, it's, it's not. Yeah. Because at the End of the day, receiver you played a, i you and I both played dependent positions. But a quarterback is dependent also. He's dependent on his receivers getting open. He's dependent on the offensive line to protect his ass.


So we all play dependent positions. Running back is dependent on the offensive line, opening holes. He it dependent on the tight end and the wide receiver's blocking for him. He's dependent on the quarterback carrying out the fake to hold the end on the backside. We all play dependent positions. Yes sir. So everybody is dependent on everybody else to do their job in order for us to function and operate at maximum capacity. Yeah. Right now, yes, he's lost confidence because he's never lost this many games. He's never, he's, he hasn't been this bad in a very long time.


And so it's messing with him. So now he's thinking, is it me? Is it me? What did I do? It's not, what could I have done differently? What should I have done differently? Nothing. There's nothing you can do. Go to another team. That's what you could have done Differently. Nothing. I, I hope Bryce Young see this boy, don't you ever question yourself as far as you come, as far as you've come for sure you've been winning since high school. You was probably winning the goddamn junior high. Yep. You look at the landscape, you've been playing football long enough to know, don't you ever look at no mirror question yourself and put out no goddamn statement like that. Man. I know you got to say you are quarterback. Yeah. You know you have to be pc but nigga please excuse me. My bad. My bad. Come on man. Don't do that man. And then also when you did your interview not too long ago, I think it was it last week, UNC.


Yeah. And, and he and he and he said, they asked him, how was your confidence? Oh my confidence in the Lord. Listen, I understand. You know you, you're a man of God. Yeah, you bet you're a child God. But hey boy, don't answer that like that. Don't answer that like that. Don't answer that like that. I mean the answer like that is a man to me That's lost confidence in himself. You Lost his confidence to even say is with him. We already know us with him. You ain't gotta say that. Right. You ain't gotta see that I'm feeling good going way, Lost No confidence, but bounce back. I ain't lost damn bit of confidence. 'cause it all started up here. Anyway. The game of football, unc chat, the game of football is 90% mental.


90%. Especially at his position with as much as he got on this play, unc. Yeah man, this right here gotta be right. Yeah. You gotta a hundred things you gotta worry about when you come up outta that huddle. You gotta trying to believe though ocho if you, If you answering a question about your confidence being with the man upstairs s gone and they shot. It is, you and I both know playing the position we believed, I believed I was the baddest mofo on the field. You believed the exact same thing. I don't care what y'all, I don't care who on the other side, I know what I, I bring to the table. I know the work that I put in. So all that talking they was doing.


I know what, look Ocho, I, I almost got traded twice and I remember telling Mike, I went to Mike office, I said, Mike, what you fail to realize there ain't another tight end that can do what I do. And that's and that and, and I say that disrespectfully. You know what I'm saying? Not Yeah. No, no. I'm saying that disrespectfully. There ain't a mofo out there and I don't care who you talking about that can't touch me. They can't. I say how many tight end, you know, can go get your 180? How many tight you know can go get your 13 catches, get your three tubs on 13 targets. Come on now. I said so I get all of that you wanna put, I say but they can't do what I do.


Not only can they not do what I do, they can't do what I do in the locker room. Yeah. That's the point that you really fail to miss. I said, but you know what, one day I ain't gonna be here and you gonna realize and all the stuff that was taken care of before it jumped on your desk. Right. You like, well damn where all these problems come from. Yeah. Hey, before it took, took care of it before it ever got to you. Yeah. Ford even got upstairs. Yeah. I say so, but as I left to Baltimore and it came back our relationship, he saw me in a different light because sometimes you only see person as catches and touchdowns and you don't realize there's so much more than that.


I, my value, I never looked at my value as just being able to catch the football or just being able to score the touchdown. I had value in the locker room that made sure guys were able to go do what they needed to do on the field because I didn't let locker room issues spill over. Right. And you know, you keep the piece, you bridge like, hey, at the end of the day we gonna be, we gotta win together. Hey we, I understand we got differences but the difference that we dealing with, they ain't got nothing to do with this right here. Right. I said because y'all arguing about somebody, y'all both at work. Y'all don't know what she doing. I'm gonna leave it at that. Right. Tom Brady used Julian Edelman and Randy Moss, two elite wide receivers as an example to explain how he approached his teammates based on their personality.


If you wanted Julia who had incredible mental toughness to play his best, the way you do it is tick him off. I would say things like, Jules, wow you look really sluggish today. He glared me and be so angry, but I knew he'd channeled that energy to prove me wrong and go out and play great. He said Randy was wired differently. Randy responded better to validation. Randy, you look amazing out there. Even in practice, if I went too long without throwing him the ball, I go over and say how much I valued him and remind him that I was always looking for him on every play you see? Yeah. You see? Yeah. Yeah. You see how you have to approach guys now, Randy and Julia, basically the a wide receivers, one's a slot, one not right, but you gotta play Complete completely different mindsets.


You gotta be able to, you gotta be able to as a quarter, but you gotta be able to manipulate them to keep them engaged. You don't want to get, you wanna want to lose a moss up here in game. You know how hard that is to get him back on track. Oh Yeah, yeah. Somebody like that. But once you lose him up here, it's over and they check out mentally in the game 'cause they ain't getting the ball. Oh shit. Or doesn't think he's gonna get it. Hey. Or think and don't get it. Prime example, Ocho Prime example. Yeah. Look at Randy Moss in those years in Oakland. Look at Randy Moss when he got to New England.


That's all I'm gonna say. Wasn't, Hey, wasn't nothing wrong with him. It was, it was nothing wrong with him at all. Nothing. But they, they, they'll play with you now. But you see what your lead, you see what your leader did. He understood the personalities right. He understood his teammates and he knew how to approach 'em. You see y'all, Hey man, man, hey Randy. Just being okay now y'all do it your way. I ain't gonna tell you, you do it your way and each boss you do it differently. But I'm saying if you want to be a great leader, if you want to be a leader of men, Yes sir. You understand their personalities and you understand what make them tick and you appeal to that because all I'm trying to do is get the maximum out of you.


See, my job is to make sure that I get more out of you than you think you can give me. See, that's what a coach is supposed to do. A coach is supposed to push a player farther than he can think. He can go on his own and get more out of you than you even know you got in you. So that's what coming back and watching and listening. I listen to the guys talk. When I say something, I listen, who laugh? Who gave a little raw smile? I watch how they maneuvered in the locker room. I watch 'em in the cafeteria sometimes I just go in the cafeteria, see what they ate, see how they dressed, see how they moved. I, I'm all attention. Hey, how soon they get to work Ocho how early they show up for the plane when they're on the plane?


How, how, how engaged were they with their teammates? Were they on their little DVD players? Were they watching a movie? What would, what were they doing after a while? I had a good sense who I could joke with. Hey, hey bro, my grandma could have caught that one. Hey, you know what I'm saying? Hey, things like that. Hey damn bro, what you do last night, Right? You get a good sense of who you can and who you can't. And once you, once you appeal to that, You good. See, when people say, I don't want no balance, yes you do. You want some bad, Hey Ocho, you did good today Ocho that shit. That's nice. Oh bad Ocho man.


You saw Ocho man, Ocho got the pearl teeth hair, clean skin ggl. Yes. You see, We all, yes you promote if you get a promotion on your job, that's validation, right? Yes sir. That's why people take, get upset Ocho, man, I ain't get that promotion. I do see you wanted the validation, man, I show up on time. I do all my work. I've been here X, y, and Z this many. See so athletes want that too. I I I feel I've, I've earned it. Not what I, I just want what I earned. And so that level of respect that comes along with the way I play with the way I've conducted myself, man, I'm telling you to hear Tom.


I mean he's not telling me anything. Having been in locker rooms, having been a leader of a team. You understand this Ocho you've been around this thing. You know how guys function and when you win a lot of games and Tom, it's won more games than anybody from a player standpoint. Right. And you might not gonna find, you might not find another player to win that many games again. So he understands. And you notice don't nobody say anything bad about Tom. I think that might be his not the touchdown passes, not the Super Bowl wins. Right. Not the playoffs. Is that what guys say about him? Not to his face but behind his back.


Right. That's the, that's the mark of a great teammate of a great leader of a great person. Yeah. All that other stuff. Yeah. We know the numbers, but look how his teammates speak of him. Always positive. Always, always, Always gotta think. I I was one of them. I was one of 'em. And I didn't know, I didn't know what to expect when I got to New England, you know what I did? I got a better understanding of who he was and I got a better understanding of why they always won. And it starts at the motherfucking Top. It does. And it trickles all the way down to the goddamn head coach and the quarterback that together were special.


They were special. Yep. It was special. And it, I wish, I wish y'all could have been inside and, and one of the other things I said to myself was, well god damn Tom is really cool, but the tom that he portrays on camera ain't really Tom. No, no, no. That's different. He gotta protect that with him. Same thing with now, now Having to protect that image, being in New England now, he, he kinda came outta his shell when he was in Tampa a little bit. Now he did. Yeah. He came outta his shell a Little bit. Now he on, he gets started getting no ig a little more started. Yeah. Started starting to present himself a little more. Yeah. And I think that was the hardest thing. I think the hardest thing when people, like I haven't heard, really heard Tom do really do a game.


I think the thing is people like you saying things I say, but you have to understand he spent his entire career of not saying nothing and now he want people to listen to what he has to say. See that's the hard, that's the part that people are trying to get over. Tom. You never said anything. You never spoke. You only gave us cliches. You only gave us coach beat. But It's early. But like I said, he's only gonna get better 'cause he's gonna put the work in to get better. Yeah. So I don't know. I, like I said, I, I don't, I look and I think the thing is, is that what he's up against the two guys that preceded him and to go to the number one spot, Tony Romo and Greg Olson. Greg Olson won an Emmy.


Tony Romo was, was was lightning in the bottle. So so what, so what, so what do they expect now O Joe, everybody to cover law Man. They, he ain't Tony Romo. He ain't Greg Olson. Well damn right. Some people are natural. That's just like saying quarterback. Well, because if a rookie quarterback don't, well he ain't no CJ STRs, but damn everybody ain't cj there've been a lot of people that wasn't CJ STRs. That doesn't mean they can't be good. Some people get better over time. And I think Tom, that's what Tom's gonna be. But that's the, that's the thing that he's working against is they, the expectations people have and how they saw him.


But I mean, what y'all want him to do, Right. What you want him to do. Y'all don't think he know the game. You don't think, you don't think he knows what he's talking about from coverage from the fronts. Absolutely. But his thing is not, I don't think he'll ever be a guy like Romo that will like a lot of times, like sometimes he would tell you to play, well I think this is what's gonna come. Jim, You, you, you, you know what's funny with Romo as a quarterback, I think Tom had that same, that same visual based on the formation. Based on down and distance. Based on the team and their tendencies. Yes. And what they like to run. He could probably guess it too. Yes. And a lot of these coordinators, he know.


Yeah. Bingo and things. You know, offenses don't change. No matter where your coordinators go, they take that same offense, offense, wherever Bing. Like they start over. Scratch. Yeah. Yeah. That's why he knows spac. No. So, well, he knows SPACs. Yeah. He played, he, he played against those defense. So, yeah. I, I just, and, and, and, and Troy guys are really good. Yeah. But damn, get him man some time. Damn. Y'all wanted, y'all wanted a man to be John. Mad rest his soul. Y'all wanted him to be John. Mad not the box at week one, huh? They did. They did. O Joe


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Alright, here we go. It's Cam Jordan from New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast. Off the Edge with me. Cam Jordan can't stop it. You know what's gonna happen? Can't stop it. That's right. Catch new episodes every Wednesday, all season long. That's what you look for. Year 14 to do more? No. Okay. Small. And I'll have my friends who happen to be some of the NFL's biggest stars. Join me on the pod. We'll give you a player's perspective of the biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moments from around the league? And, you know, we'll have fun doing it, huh? Yeah. Oh, and I'll have a special guest each month. Join me to mix it up a little bit. Who is it? None of it. Then Psych, you have to tune in to find out. So tap in to Off the Edge with Cam Jordan's podcast, your ultimate playbook for all things football and not football. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Michael Rappaport and I have been professionally podcasting for 10 years. The podcast game has changed so much. And if you're looking for the most disruptive, most consistent podcast in the world that subscribe to the I am Rappaport Stereo podcast, today, we're talking sports Steph kd, Anthony Davis and LeBron. They were better. And those teams pushed them to greatness. They brought the greatness and about politics. These people are not your friends. They're looking for your votes. This is not a popularity personality contest to me. It's a policy contest, pop culture, entertainment, and anything that catches my attention. New episodes come out twice a week and always pack a punch. With over 1100 episodes in the catalog. Listen to the I am Rappaport Stereo podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey, this is Mike Wright from the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast. You heard that, right? The Fantasy footballers have officially entered the dynasty space every week. We bring you the same in-depth analysis and entertainment you've come to expect from the fantasy footballers only. Now, from a dynasty perspective, maybe you've been living in the dynasty fantasy football space for a while. Well, we're here to take your game to the next level. Maybe you love fantasy football and you've been feeling that itch to jump into the dynasty format, but it feels a little bit intimidating no matter where you're coming from. The Fantasy Footballer's Dynasty podcast has something for you, and you're gonna have a great time listening, I promise. Join me and the rest of the crew every Wednesday for a new episode. Listen to the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news previews, recaps, and analysis delivered straight to your podcast feed by the time you get your coffee. No dumb hot takes here, just smart hot takes. We'll talk every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in the big guns from NFL Media. That's Patrick Clayban, Steve Weiss, Nick Shook, Jordan R from the Athletic, and of course Colleen Wolfe. This Is their window right now. This is their Super Bowl window. Why would they trade him away? Because he would be a pivotal part of them winning that Super Bowl. I don't know why. Colleen, catch the podcast, the NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal every day. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. And who doesn't want that? Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast,


Mel Kiper had a hell of a shake this morning on how to insert more downfield passing back at professional games. The NFL is being ruined by these two high safeties two, high safety should be outlawed. What, What do you, what does Mel talk about, man? This, see, this is what happened when somebody has, has, has been in the position that is, they never played the game, but has studied the game and knows a lot about the players coming outta college and knows the ends and outs and all, all the little nuances. And then he, he talks good during the draft. Now you're saying something needs to be outlawed. For what? For what? How about you realize that the goddamn offensive line play is fucking horrible this season. That's why the God Pass horrible. Look at the left tackles.


Look at the right tackles in today's game. Look at it. Pay attention. You'll see why the goddamn numbers are down. It has nothing to do with goddamn cover tool, tool, man, none of that shit. Or two safety looks like goddamn man. Shit. I mean, so, so in other words, so in other words, he want the touchdown rate to keep going up. I mean, he, he ain't gonna be satisfied till you got five quarterbacks throw for 50 touchdowns in the season. Man, Guess what? When Dan Marino threw for 48 touchdowns, they played cover two. When Peyton Manning threw for 55, they played cover two. When Tom played throw for 50, they played cover two. When Patrick Mahomes throw for 50, they played cover two Marino threw for 48 and 5,000 yards Back in the eighties, they played cover two.


It's just ridiculous. And matter of fact, how about this? If you gonna take out the two high safety, right? Yeah. You got corners having to play man to man with some of these elite receivers not having no goddamn help. They need to motherfucking raise the goddamn pay for the DBS in No, let the DS make, let let the DBS make sure the DBS making 30 million a year. If they gotta cover these fools req and Xavier worthy and crystal ve and rashish shahe and all these fast dudes, One on I'm make, I'm gonna make it leaving. I'm gonna make it easy for it if no more. Cover two. You can't have a wide receiver on the field that runs four three or faster. Since we, since you want a handicap.


If you want handicap the defense handicap, they gotta play all this. They gotta play all this single high. Okay? All your receivers gotta run at least four, four run, four, four high. That's, that's, that's a trip, man. Come on Mel. I love you. Listen Mel, I love you and I respect you, baby, but come on now, You do realize they went to that. They used to, all they played was single high safety until Bob Hayes. Bob Hayes came into the league. How you going? The world's fastest man. You gonna play him in single high with man coverage? Yep. He the fastest man on the planet. And you got a db. Now remember now it's dancing like Ginger Rogers and Fred Astaire. Ginger Rogers had a harder job because she did everything Fred Astaire did and she did it backwards in heels.


So we are asking these DBS to do everything Tyreek Hill does, but I need you to do it backwards. Backwards. That's crazy. With No help. That's crazy, Man. No, above his Head. It, it'd be a touchdown on every play If you had you, if you just had to play single high. Yeah, for sure. It ain't gonna be no touchdown, but it gonna be a lot of yards. Listen, you or you play off at seven yards and keep everything in front of you, but all they gonna do is march right down the goddamn field. Yeah, You gotta be able to switch it up. You gotta play cover two, you gotta play quarters, you gotta play 55. You gotta play six kick. You gotta play 7 88 bucks. I don't, Come on, bro. I don't, I don't even think, I don't even think Mel was thinking like I I did.


Did you think that process through, you know, there's, there's a reason for different coverages. There's a reason for different, different defenses. You know, it makes the game difficult for quarterbacks so they don't know where to go with the ball. Right. And There's a reason they bluff. There's a reason why the safety drop down. I mean, there's a reason why they got there. Officer lives shifts right before the, you know, snap of the ball. Like, come on man, Ocho you remember in college talk about, you remember in college they say, man, y'all need to do what? The know huddle these spread, these are these know huddle offenses. They, they gonna get somebody. No, you gonna have to, you gonna have to coach your team up and get 'em in better shape so they can handle it. Well you gonna have to get your quarterback smarter and understand where to go with the football. Get 'em to study better and stop putting the ball in harm's way because they're not the offense.


Well, you can't run empty, you can't run five wides. You can't run three by one. You can't run a come on man. Damn. Y'all just want the offense to just to go up and down, y'all. So just I, I'll tell you what, this, this how the dbs the defense play with one shoot. You can only win one damn at some point in time. Damn. Let the defense win. Gimme something Mocho. Lemme win something. Hell no. Damn. All the damn rules to in this, in today's game are predicated towards the offensive players. Yes. Take out the goddamn non male. You can't touch the receivers. Pass five yards. You can't touch, you can't do nothing. Now he wants, I Can't hit him too hard. O Joe, remember, I can't hit him too hard either. Oh, you can't hit him And the quarterback, Listen, you can't make him think twice about coming across that goddamn middle.


I can only hit receiver, receiver. A receivers be out there catching stuff like the Mona Lisa smiling one hand in the air. I, man, I mean, I'm trying to think. I can't reremember and I'm sure it might've happened, but I don't remember all these catches with one hand. Like you see these guys going across the middle. Yeah. Look at pretty. And these guys catch three step slant route Ocho are three steps. Man, Mike, single boy, Man, your head a man. Listen, your head would've been rolling black. You'd had a vibe over your ear hole because that's what you'd have been looking outta as soon as you brought you in, as soon as you brought your hands in that three step flat ride on your, you better let that backer clear Man.


Shh. Well, you better than me. Hit me. Hey, hit me in the second window, sir. Yeah, thank you. Quarter back. Hit me in the second window. You military clear You better lay ro Let Ray them clear Offer dog and all those guys Lacer a pre step slant. Okay man, I don't want, I don't want of that. Nope, nope, nope. That ain't nothing but the headache that, that's where, that's where you sitting on the bench and the trainer. How many fingers I got up? He got up. What you have? He had, that's what he doing. You know, he, Hey. Yeah, you okay? You know where you're Yeah. What you have for breakfast this morning. Oh, I remember them Dan. Yeah, He better stop.


Alright. Dan Cambpell selling his home after the Lions fans found his address after af after the NFC championship loss. Dan Campbell has listed his five bedroom, seven bathroom, Bloomfield Hills, Michigan home. He shares with his family for 4.5 million due to security concerns. There's plenty of space. It's on two acres down. The home is beautiful. It is just, people figure it out where we live when we lost Ocho What's your take on this? I mean, listen, I just, that's, that's putting his family, his kids in danger. Yeah. Come on babe. In danger. It's that Serious ocho I mean, with fans, I've, I've, I've never, never, I mean I've never experienced it, you know, to to to that nature.


But, but for the sake of his family and his kids is it's okay to move? Yeah. Hell yeah. I got, I got, if anything, if anything, I mean, I would hate to say maybe you need to hire 24 hour security detail, but you shouldn't have to do that. He Coach he and JayZ, he LeBron. I mean like, I mean, I mean like you Jay-Z Beyonce, you, LeBron, you one of those guys, somebody like that, you know, you Oprah or you like, you know, you somebody like that. But a coach shouldn't have to do that. Yeah. But just, just to be safe though, huh? Oh yeah. Just The fact that the fact that you have to up and move is, is that too much? That's enough. I'm sure. I'm sure it would probably make your wife uncomfortable.


It would make the kids uncomfortable. Yeah. So just for their safety to make them feel secure, you know, security, 24 hour security, just, you know, watching over. I I I wouldn't, I would honestly, I wouldn't move. I would just have the security detail on hand during the time. Yeah. Where the family has come home and the wives are coming home and the kids are coming home, man that Get expensive. Ocho I Mean, not that, listen, 24 hour security, Not as expensive as you think. 24 hours is ocho I mean, I, I don't, I don't really, I don't really think it's that much. I mean, if you got damn rapper walking around with security all the goddamn damn time. I, I I ain't talking about, I ain't talking about your homeboy security. Now I'm talking about, I'm about real. I'm talking about, I'm talking about one that's that's trained know how to diffuse situations, got life permit.


You know what I'm saying? Like that. Yeah. I don't think that much, but the fact that he has to move it doesn't make it any better because everything is public knowledge. Everything is public information. Yeah. If you know where to, so I mean it's, it's, it is unfortunate. So you don't want to be hopping from place to place to place every time fans find out where you got damn leave. If anything, if if if I was, if I was Mr. Campbell, if I was Mr. Campbell, I stay put, get that 24 hour security detail when, when the kids are home, when the wife is home or, or they're coming home from school and, and, and I just, I just have it like that. I Man O Joe, I, I can honestly say, and this to God's honest truth, I never want to be that famous. I still wanted to maintain a level of, I mean this celebrity that, that has been, that has thrust that I've, that I've been, that I've had over the last year and some change.


Yeah. Yeah. I couldn't, Ima I I I mean I'm trying to, you know, meet Michael and to, to see him and to see the security detail with him. To see LeBron and to see, and to see these people and to see the, the, the detail that's with him. Man, LeBron bet LeBron ain't never been to Target. Yeah. LeBron ain't probably been to the movies, the movie theater since high school. I'm talking about buy him, you know what I'm saying? He in Savannah, he and the boys, he can't do none of that. Right. I can't, you know, you know what's funny is I couldn't be LeBron type famous because I'm too fucking friendly.


No, you wouldn't be that way. I'm too fucking friendly. I go think about, can you imagine if I imagine me being LeBron type famous and I fly places and I'm asking people to pick me up from the airport, That would never happen because you, you are, you are risk. And they would, they would, first of all, Ocho you have to understand familiarity breeds contempt. You have to be careful. You have to be careful. You, if you were that famous, you wouldn't do that. You don't think so? Hell No. I think I would, I wouldn't change You. You don't understand what that level of Fame is. First of all, you would be, you wouldn't be flying like that. You'd be flying private For one.


If I was that famous and I was still making that kind of money, I definitely am flying private. It ain't change. Your, your, your, your your self safety risk. Now, if you wouldn't put your life on the line and your family life on the line, well go ahead have at it. Nah then, and then I'm, I'm low key anyway. So I really wouldn't, I wouldn't be in the limelight like that anyway. You can't be Low key ocho in that famous, how you gonna be lowkey in that famous Easy. I'm not, I'm not six nine Ocho. You said that six nine. It don't matter. So what you think Leon Mess going? He go, All he gotta do is dress normal, dress normal, put a hat on, nobody know it's you. Oh. And you know, listen. Oh, oh, I got something for you. How about this? You know how celebs, you know how they always, They go disguise?


Yeah. They, they, they, oh they always surprised. Oh, we saw so and so together. Yeah. You know, they call them people, they call them photographers to let them know this where we gonna be at. You know you had your PR hit 'em, this gonna be at, and they catch you taking picture when you don't wanna be seen. It's easy not to be seen. No, here's the thing though, Ocho, if oh Ocho, you gonna be at the Grove. Hey man, guess guess who on the reservation list list tonight at such and such at the Grove. Right, right, Right. Ochocinco. Okay. I'm gonna slide this some see now see how you think they get you. That's why you can't, that's why when the police, anybody come in the police bar, they got somebody there, they got somebody to courthouse.


That's how information get out on your pe. Do you understand? What did Kat say? Kat told us, I'll pay for information. All these sites will pay for information. That's how they knew. What did they know about the situation? Just happened. They knew Diddy was about to get arrested, didn't he? Oh yeah. Before it even happened. They had started reporting on it. Oh. And matter of, matter of fact, lemme tell you, lemme tell you the game they playing too. Now, lemme tell you. Oh, he's on suicide watch. Yeah. Lemme tell you. Hold on. Let me tell you the game they playing now. Hold on. All right. Yeah. I say bad, I just feel bad.


I feel bad because I think, you know, in situations like this, I, I guess, I guess Ocho, if I was a fan, like a fan is short for fanatic. I guess I, I, I just don't care enough. I ain't Finn to call nobody. I ain't finna curse nobody out about no game. Right, Right. Shit. What? And I def I definitely ain't going to somebody house. People got the ability to protect themselves, man. That man feel like his family being threatened and let everybody have it. Yeah, Yeah. Come on fans. Come on. I get it. I mean, Detroit was there, Detroit, I mean they the NC championship game and it was like one game away.


They hadn't had one something since what? 57. Come on. I get it. But come on, fans, we, we, we, we gotta do better than this. Now y'all going to the man house. Hey, that's serious for me. O I'm sorry. I'm really sorry. Ojo. I, I, I, Hey, Hey. My little brother. Right? My little brother just text me. Say, you talking about if you was LeBron famous talking about, talking about, you'd be catching, he talking about Man fool there hold you for ransom. Yeah. Hell yeah. You talking about, you go talking about, oh, I No, please.


Oh, hey. That's right. Hey, hey, one thing that's right man. Listen, God, God do better, God, God, God. All your Kids. Huh? All your kids. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. God, God knew better than to blessing with that, that that kind of Fame, you know, because man, I'm, God gave me more Fame. He gave, guess what Ocho he gave me more Fame than I deserve. Yeah. He gave me way more, way more than I deserve. Yeah. But you know, it is what it is. Now you, it comes, it comes along with the territory. As you start to make a certain level, you start to get good at a particular something. Yeah. Excuse me. Especially for if a, if it's a professional sport.


Because now you're on television, people recognize you, especially like basketball. 'cause they can see your face. We're on, we're in the la we know we do digitally, we're on television, linear television. People see us without the, without the helmet. So we're more recognizable, more visible now, man, with that kind of money, man, they steal the hell out their kids. All your how many kids? Boy, you have to have security on all your kids. My my kids carry. That's all right. And they can please, man, you can't, Hey, you have to put all, you have to put all that thing you. Yeah. You got you.


That's the life. Yeah. That's, yeah. That's, that's different. That's different. I listen, I I would, I wouldn't, I wouldn't wish that on nobody anyway. I wouldn't wish that on nobody. Yeah. You know, and, and, and the funny thing about it is there's certain individuals, there's a select few that are at that height of, of Fame and power, A select few. And the fact, and it just like, I just, I, it Couldn't, like anywhere you go in the world, you know, It don't matter. Like, there, There you go. You go to Africa, you go to Russia, you go to China, you go, there's not a place. I mean, you're gonna have to go to some of the most remote places on the continent for them not to know who you're, but I'm saying you go to, you know, they gonna know. I, I could do it.


I couldn't do it because I'm just too sociable. I'm, I'm too fucking friendly. I like to, I like to be out and enjoy. But You have to understand, and you ocho what you fail to realize, as you start to get that level, you start to distance yourself. You can't be that way. You don't think LeBron, you don't think LeBron was sociable at one point in time. Jordan was sociable at one time. Tiger was sociable at one time. All the people that you're talking about was social at one time. Then you start to realize, where can I go? And you gotta sign 10,000 autographs. Take 50,000 pictures. Damn. You know how miserable everything you just explained, sir. Yes.


I'm glad that I'm, that's why I'm glad I'm I'm right. Yes. Everybody right, Right. That's Yes. It's like, because like you think about Ocho, you sign 50 autographs. You don't sign 51. You a dick man. Ocho is an asshole. He liar. He he's effing liar. He so bad f bad f ocho. He do all that talking man. I asked to brought for a pick, brought on sign 500 The Volume


Hey. there. It's Michael Lewis Arthur of going Infinite. Moneyball the Blind Side in Liar's Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


This is Michael Rappaport and I have been professionally podcasting for 10 years. The podcast game has changed so much. And if you're looking for the most disruptive podcast in the world, then subscribe to the I am Rappaport stereo podcast. Today we're talking sports, politics, pop culture, entertainment, and anything that catches my attention. Listen to the I am Rappaport stereo podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite For some former NFL players. A new faith provides answers. You mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got straightaway. We try to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your


MTV's official Challenge. Podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And Then there's me, Devon Rogers And. We are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game, every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL Media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.