
You're listening to an iHeart podcast.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back, and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Memorial Day Doorbuster deals are here at Lowe's right now. Rewards members. Save $80 on the Master Forge four burner gas grill now. Just 1 49 plus rewards members. Save $900 on the Lowe's exclusive High Cents French door refrigerator, now only 9 99. Lowe's, we help you save valid through 5 26 Selection varies by location while supplies last. See lows.com for more details, programs, subject to terms and conditions. Details of lows.com/terms subject to change.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Dito handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Tito's made in Austin, Texas. Real attention to detail. I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice refreshing, easy Summer, winter, spring, totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, the perfect time to kick back with some Tito's. It's what I pour you should too. Distilled and bottled by fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


Let your imagination take flight with an AI powered PC from Lenovo. Whether it's creating digital art, designing new software, or building a portfolio for a future career. RPCs are powered by Intel core ultra processors to help students unlock smarter learning and unleash their creativity. That's the power of Lenovo with Intel inside. All you have to do is choose the one that fits your passion. Head to lenovo.com to shop a IPCs and find your perfect companion. Plus get 5% off when you create an education account.


The volume O Joe, lemme know what you think about this. Saquon Barkley believes the 2024 Eagles are and should be remembered as a top five team of all time. I firmly believe when you look at our team and what we had last year, I think we're a top five team of all time. If you really look at the season outside of our first four games, it was built to ask. But you can look out outside the first four games. That's the whole point.


We gotta take it in its totality. Collectively. Yeah. As a group. Every single game. Listen, they they were good. May maybe a maybe the the the the back half a top 10 team, huh? Yeah, back half of a top 10 team they played. If I take Out that Super Bowl game, the Patriots are the greatest team of all time. If I just take out that Super Bowl, but I can't ocho You can't at all. But listen, Saquon is is right in a sense, not top five, but that damn team was really good, especially on both. They really good. Yes. Hey, on both sides of the ball at that, yes. Both sides of the ball. That guy Damn de de Gene. Please hear what I'm saying. Cooper Deja. Yeah. Cooper Deja, right? Yeah.


Like Keon Mitchell to have the rookies Bron who came here from New Orleans Saints to have the rookies step up the way they did and have those that came from other teams. Bron played phenomenal. Yeah. That got at that front floor. And then remember not Jam and Carter. Listen, the cherry, the the cherry on top of the ice cream was them getting Saquon Barkley from the New York Giants and put 'em over the top. Yes. Put 'em over the top. And I really honestly think, huh? I don't wanna scream Dynasty too soon, but what? But what they have that a chance they can be back in X. Oh Yeah, For sure. There's a chance they Can. Injuries is a big key and the thing, it is hard.


So the reason why it's so hard in football, lo cho because it's one game. Yeah. All it takes is you have one bad game and you go home. Yeah. Yeah. You go home. So, and, and, and, and, and when you don't play a series sports, which football isn't a series sport, right? It's a game seven. Every game. The the Wild card game is a game seven. The divisional round is a game seven. Yeah. Obviously the championship game is a game seven. The Super Bowl is a game seven. So you are playing potentially 2, 3, 4 game sevens. Yeah, man. And there's no mar there's really no margin forever because it's not necessarily the best team. It's the team that plays the best that given day That day. Yeah. That Sunday, that Saturday or whenever the case, it may be Ocho who plays the best that day.


But I do think they're good to look. I mean, we go back and we look at some of those 49 ERs teams of the eighties. We look at the cowboys of the nineties, our teams, the Broncos in 2000 and excuse me, in the nineties, the Patriots teams, bro. The Steelers of the seventies. Yeah. Hell, The Packers of the 60 that there, there are two Hey, the two, the 2000 Ravens. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, it's so, it's so many teams. Yeah. Were very, very good and very worthy of being top five. Yeah. Let top 10. But for Quan's sake, because they played so well on the back end, on both sides of the ball, I will give 'em, I will give them credit. But top five is, it is a little de loop.


Yeah. That's, I think that's a stretch. Hey, The way they play Quality. You, you have an unbelievable season. The team had an unbelievable season. Congratulations. But I don't know about that. Top five steel on the art Rooney previously said at the start of April that the team would not wait forever on Aren Rogers to sign. Rooney said last month, Rogers wants to come to Pittsburgh, but Rogers has not made any public pronouncement about his intentions. And then today Rooney was asked again about how long the team is willing to wait for him to make a commitment a little while longer. I'll say the same thing. The Steel star OTAs next week, and they run through June 5th, three day mandatory mini cap that ends off season program wraps up June 10th.


So to make a long story short, art Rooney II is willing to wait however long it take to get Aren Rogers. I mean it's Aren Rogers obviously. I I've told you, I told you what the leverage is. The leverage is what you did in the past. What he was able to do in the past is why he can have a team, a team organization like the winning Steelers who had what, five, six World trophies if six. Yeah. Six. He has the leverage right now because of what he's accomplished in the past, not what he did with the Jets. They're not looking at that. Nope. They're looking, hoping that we can get somewhat just a splash of the Aren rods the bowl. Because what we have right now is not gonna cut it. Yeah, definitely not gonna cut it.


So we're, we're willing to wait. And that's the leverage that quarterbacks have when they are great in the NFL, especially on the back end of their career. But Aren Rogers are old, but the Jets got an old Aren Rogers still Aren Rogers, but they're two different players. Yeah. But like you said, I mean, you are in that division. You got Burl and you got Lamar to deal with. Hey. And so in order for you to have a chance to win, you're gonna have to have exemplary quarterback play. Got to You. Got And and, and they feel that he gives them the best opportunity. I I heard what they said about Mason Rudolph and anybody else.


No, no disrespect to him. Ma, no disrespect to Mason Rudolph. He's had his time. He's he's had his running in in, in, in in Pittsburgh. We know what that looks like. He's a, he's a, he's a quarterback. The journeyman. He not a, If Mason Rudolph was what the Steelers and Mike Tomlin want us to think, want us to believe. He would've never been went to Tennessee. Thank, Thank you. He'd still been their quarterback and they would not have been waiting for Aren Rogers. Yeah. They would've not. They would've not went and got Justin Fields and Russell Wilson last year. If Mason Rudolph was what they telling, what they try to believe. Oh, we have confidence. Y'all had so much confidence in them.


Y'all let him go to Tennessee. That's, that's all. That's, that's all words. That's all hot air. They have to say those, they have to say those things. They got to say the right thing. Especially when the individual is back in the building, You know, you don't believe in them. You, You know, You know, you don't, You know, he's not get the job done. Second, second string quarterback, third string quarterback. If that you need Aren Rogers. Which is why you're waiting, because there's only so many quarterbacks out there you can go get. Yeah. You are not Finn to get outta 'em now. Nah, it's, it's a wrap. Yeah. It's what you ain't have, you won't be getting. So you only got one choice. That's Aren Rogers O Joe Brock Purdy says he iss a hundred percent a top 10 court, top 10 quarterback in the NFL.


I'm a top 10 quarterback. I'll leave it at that. Purdy is now the seventh highest paid quarterback in the NFL. Purdy says he took less money because he doesn't need every penny for himself and wants the team to win. Obviously I want to get a deal what I deserve. Also surround myself with guys around me, not just try to take every penny for myself. He signed a five year, 265 million with 181 million guaranteed. If you look at your screen, you'll see what he's gonna make after taxes. 53 million Federal income tax is gonna take 19,567,892. California is gonna take 7,529,000 federal payroll tax.


1000 no 1,254,000 1 53 California SID tax, $1,686 total in taxes, OCHO 28 million 3 52 7 31. He gets to bring home a little less than 25 million. Hmm. I, I'm, I'm gonna address this. Top 10. This this top 10, top 10 quarterbacks You Wanna address the top 10? Yeah. Okay. It it Brock Perle chat. Chat. Is Brock Purdy a top 10 quarterback? Is he Yeah. I mean, I mean, you, you, me. Shit, he's, he said it not me. I Run, but I'm asking you, is he a top 10 quarterback?


I wanna run through the top quarterbacks before I even answer that question. Okay. Who, who we got? Let's, let's go through our top five. Right? Well Go ahead. I'm gonna let you go ahead and name a File. Okay. Let's, let's, let's go. Joe Burrow. Okay. Lamar, Josh Allen. Jaylen Hurts. Who? Jaylen Hurtz. Okay. Four. This man done. Name four quarterbacks and not one of em. Name. Ma Holmes. Jerry Goff. I'm gonna, I'm, stay with me. Stay with me now. Patrick Mahomes. Jerry Golf. Patrick Mahomes, where I'm at at seven. Seven. You want CJ Stroud. CJ Stroud. Jayn Daniels. Jayn Daniels. That's 10.


Jordan Love. Oh my goodness. Jordan Love. That's 11. Okay. Matthew Stafford. Heck yeah. I forgot about, Hey, gun slinging Stafford. That's 12. That's 12. Come on. Who else? Who else I'm missing somebody. Well, that's 12. That's 12 guys right there. Yeah. I mean, listen, I, I love, I love Mark Curdy. I love what he was able to do. And, and you didn't mention, you didn't mention Dak. Okay. You didn't mention who else. Yeah. You said Jayden, Daniel. Yeah. So that's 12 right there. So you got per, Huh?


I Now I'm gonna to tell you I love Brock Purdy and Shanahan's system. Yes. I love Purdy. I love the way he looks when all the pieces are in place. Deebo, iy, Tru Williams, officer Lines in attack, Christian McCaffrey. And I have a question. There's no disrespect to Brock Purdy because he plays extremely well and does what's asked of him in that specific system. Can you take a Brock Purdy and take away all the talent that's around him? Will he still look the same as a Brock Purdy saw with all the elite talent around him? I think the thing is The type of quarterback that an elevator team, That's the thing, that's the word I want you to use. The type of quarterback, the elevator team without adequate talent around.


Right. Is he that type of quarterback? Right? I'm just, I'm asking you. Yeah. That's the word I wanted you to use. I didn't want you to script all the talent because every, every quarterback has talent, but I believe there are certain quarterbacks that elevate the talent that they have. That's what made Brady special. Brady could elevate the talent. Now, as he got older, he needed people to help elevate him. That's okay. But he had 18, 19, 20 years of elevating others. So if he want to get a little help the last couple years, by all means I I I welcome that. Yes. I don't look at, I don't, I don't look at Brock Purdy as a multiplier. Hmm. What I mean by that, I don't believe he can just take ordinary people and make them, make them great.


Really good. Great. Right. I think, You know, he takes, he, I mean he could, can he get the ball there? But Christa McCaffrey's pretty good without him. Kittle was kittle without him. Very good. I think Deebo had that all pro year without him. So he is a really good, he understands the offense. He gets the ball out of his hands. He doesn't have this. He, he, he throws with great anticipation. Great. Because he doesn't have the strongest arm. So he has to let the ball go. Yeah. A lot sooner than a lot of these quarterbacks do.


And, and, and, and in Kyle's system, if it requires you to have a great understanding of that offense, it has you, it, it, it you have to have a great recall processed information like this. Yeah. Yeah. He's easy for that. That's why, that's why I Said he's, I wanna talk about the, I wanna talk about how this man make 53 million and he gonna come home with 24 million. How Uncle Sam get to take how, how Uncle Sam get to take 28 and give you 24. But that, that's the way it works. You know, uncle Sam, no, I wanna give you 24 and I take 28. What? Uncle Sam. That's, that's why Uncle Sam, you always see notice he always point at you. And that finger mean When you talking about he want you, I want my money back.


Money. That's what I want. Federal man, 19 mil. Well, Since they slash Medicaid, I ain't paying no Medicaid tax no more. I ain't paying that. So stop taking it out by check. Nah. Hey, our fool with Uncle Sam Ocho. Yeah. Man, I Uncle Sam don't play it. Boy. Yeah. I I I'd rather pay him more than I owe than not pay him enough. Because honest mistake is still gonna cost you interest. Yeah. And They interest, they interest hit different.


Now they don't give you the, the interest that they charge you versus the interest that they give you on your money. Right. Is two different things. Yes, sir. Two. But look, I I I, I do think he's earned his contract Ocho Mr. Relevant, he's going two NFC championship games. He's taking a to him to the Super Bowl. He's gone to a Pro Bowl and, and this is the going rate for a quarterback, Eric. Look, Everybody can't listen. Everybody can't be top five. Even when I was in the league ocho, there weren't a whole lot of top five quarterbacks There. There's your core, there's your elite, elite guys, then you got guys underneath.


But guys' going, You know, hey quarterback's going to command a premium. That's just the way it is. Yeah. He plays a premium position. It's just like Ocho, you want to go live in San Diego, you gonna pay premium, you want to go live in the Bay, you gonna play premium. You live in Bel Air, you live in Beverly Hills, you live in Brentwood, you live in Harley, Harley Hills. You live in Malibu. You are going to play a premium for those locations. Right. Well he plays quarterback. He doesn't have to be Mahomes in order to get Mahomes esque money. No, he's a very, very good quarterback. He's a tier two quarterback on. Yes. He's a team that plays extremely well and does what he's asked of in that specific system.


Yes. Very, very efficient level. Week in and week out. I mean, boy, I be crying, but You know, the thing is Ocho like people like, man, just be glad you got it. Okay. That don't mean I wanna give it away the whole, I mean, because You know, you growing up OCHO and you just see that big number you like, you ain't even thinking about no taxes. What taxes you don't, it don't even cross your mind because the only time you, you have to deal with on time, you worry about taxes. You go buy soda and you paying 2 cents or you buy gum or something like that and you play a little, little do You know? Yeah. Damn. Yeah.


That what you gotta edu That's what you gotta educate people on ocho. Is that a Yeah, that thing might save 15 million, but you not bringing home 15 million, Chop that in half bigger Depending on where you are. Yeah. That could be half or more than half. Yeah. Chop it off. Yeah. So I, I'm just saying, just, just fy so while you, oh man, I'm gonna buy this, buy this. Okay. You know what I'm saying? But want his cut, he want his Yeah, He want that. And so Yeah. But that he, he's deserving ocho. I mean, and, and You know, they took care of, I love when teams take care of their guys. That's been really, really well and don't all that playing around and we got a handshake deal and we gonna get this done, but he is under contract, man, go ahead and pay that man.


Yeah, you do this every year. That's what, that's why you find yourself in the position that you're in cowboys. 'cause you wait till the teenth hour On purpose. Because the thing is, I don't, I don't get why fans don't have a problem. Oh, take a discount. Y'all think, y'all think these teams give these TV TVs, these companies deals, these immediate rights ain't got no deal. You paying premium. Any, any advertiser or sponsor are paying a premium for these teams. Yeah. But oh, nah. When you the play of a i I I don't, I I never understood that.


I, I never understood how fans can be so ingratiating of billionaires and be so hard on a millionaire. The loyalty is to the team, not the player. Always, always Could be because I, I was, I was a fan of that team before you ever arrived. So when you leave, when you retire, whether they trade you, whether you get cut, you retire. Cowboys still, my team, the Rams still my team, the Ravens or the Bengals or the whomever, the Broncos, that's still my team, whether you're there or not. So naturally the loyalty lies to the team. But I wish they under, You know, they understood.


But hey, it is what it, we ain't changing nobody's mind Now, Ocho they, they, they've been, they've been a fan for an extremely long period of time. A lot of times you grew up, that's who your grandfather, your, your father, your mom or whomever family member, that's who they root for. Yeah. You grew up rooting for that. And even though you don't live in the same city where that team played in, you go spread your wings. And that's why when you see the Steelers hit the road, that's why they have a lot more people in the home team. When you see the Cowboys or the Packers or the Broncos, that is why the Eagles. Eagles because they family, they grew up watch. That was my team. And when I became an adult, that's still my team. And guess what I tell my, my kids and then my kids grew up.


That's their team. Right. Sometimes they branch out like, yeah, I'm gonna get my own team. I, You know, I wanna thank for myself, I wanna do my own thing. But for the most part, Ocho, that's, that's, that's the, that's the way it worked. Right Now you got, You know, new teams that just popped up. But every, everybody, I mean the last what, the last table, what? Two, 2002 when the Texans came in? Yeah, because 90 95, it was the Panthers and the Jags and then the Houston Texans, You know, became a franchise because after the, the Oilers left and went to, went to, You know, went to Memphis and first, and then they came, came on down to Nashville.


So, and I don't know, I don't Think you gonna get, I don't, I it's so perfectly balanced now Ocho You know, you got 32 teams, you got eight 14 divisions and things like that. So it would be hard to bring in one team. Maybe you bring in two. But who got, I mean, who got an extra $7 million? Jerry don't want another team in Texas. No, the Florida teams don't want another team in Florida. You got, you got three, you got Jacksonville, you got Miami, you got Tampa. Where the hell you gonna put'em at ocho? That's ain't ain't nowhere, ain't nowhere to put 'em. Texas, you got the Cowboys, you got the, and the, and the, the Texans.


Texans, they don't want another team in Texas. So where, where, where can you put it? Where can you put 'em? These college towns don't want you to bring no damn teams up there. So look like we stuck for a while. Let somebody move And, and I think that didn't the, the Washington commanders didn't they just, didn't they just close on? They gonna be ORFK? They, they, they, I think they gonna build a new stadium up right there. Yeah, it's not that far away though. Nope.


Hey, so we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know what degree? Cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool ru sent back. And it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target, and other stores not for under $4. There's A reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Interested in investing in Bitcoin but not sure how to get started. Well, with the Gemini credit card, you can dip your toes into Bitcoin without even trying. Just spend like you normally do groceries, gas, or a night out and instantly earn up to 4% back in Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos straight to your account with no annual fee. The Gemini credit card is pretty much a no brainer. And right now you can grab a $200 Bitcoin intro bonus. So go to gemini.com/card to learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Go to gemini.com/card, start building your bitcoin slash now terms apply. The Gemini credit card is issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend $3,000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts. This content is not investment advice and trading Crypto involves risk for more details on rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. Fee rates and fees


For period protection you can put on and forget about nothing beats Nick's Leakproof underwear. North America's number one Leakproof underwear brand. Let's face it, life can be unpredictable but your leakproof underwear shouldn't be. That's why millions of people choose Nicks for periods for light leaks, for everyday freshness. Nick's undies are super comfy, super absorbent, and made to handle whatever your day throws at you. Day two of your period covered your daily run. No problem. That big sneeze, You know the one. Yep, we've got you. And with styles like bikinis, boy shorts, thongs and high-rise plus sizes from extra small to four XL Nix makes it easy to find your perfect fit. Say goodbye to stress and leaks and say hello to undies that work just as hard as you do, no matter the leak. Find the style and level of protection you want@nix.com and use code flow 15 for 15% off. That's KNI x.com code flow 15 for 15% off Nicks for your leaks for your Life.


You're a hustler. You get things done, but you don't always do things for yourself. With J-Lo Beauty, it takes just a few minutes a day to look like facials are a regular part of your routine. J-Lo Beauty's Fresh and Flawless skincare kit includes six skincare products that work as hard as you do. They'll hustle to brighten firm and hydrate your complexion morning and night. This skincare kit is a one and done solution that is clinically proven to visibly tighten and lift for instant and long-lasting results. Cleanse, treat, moisturize, protect the fresh and flawless skincare kit. Does it all see why the kit's a bestseller today? Visit j beauty.com/deluxe and get an extra 25% off your first shipment plus free gifts with Code Deluxe. If you're not satisfied, return the bottles within 60 days for your money back. See the website for details? That's JLo beauty.com/deluxe to get that J logo.


Aston Genty said Daniel Carson could buy a car with the cost of the Raiders number two jersey to start running back. Said kicker. Daniel Carson, who was formerly number two, could purchase a new car with the money he was given by Gente for the number. You could probably buy a house. Actually, I'm not going to say a house, but you can buy a car like a nice Mercedes. Gen D wouldn't reveal the exact figure he paid, but it was a significant, if Carson can buy a car with it, I warn the majority of my career, it's a, a day of greatness was born and the day I was born December 2nd, it's a family number. All my family members who played sports wore the number two ocho. What is the most money you would spend for the number 85?


Shoot, when I went, when I went to The, now now I'm talking about, now I'm saying under the impression that you are a first round pick. You are a top pick. Let's just say a top 10 pick. 'cause Genty was six pick in the draft. I mean being that it had sentimental value maybe, maybe close to, and he was a top pick like that. And he was number six, right? Yep. Maybe a hundred, maybe a hundred thousand Because of what the, what the number means. Especially what the number means to him. Hell, I had to pay for 85 for my arm when I went to the Patriots from Aren Hernandez. How much you pay for it? I think maybe 25 grand. You said that's the number? That's what you said? That's what I would've said.


I would've said a hundred thousand. Yeah, he he showed, he showed love though. He he showed love. Just Yeah. A hundred, a hundred, a hundred thousand. Yeah. You can't be OCHO with 81, 82, 83, 84, 80, 86, 88, 89. You can't be OCHO with that. Chad, if you guys were top 10 pick and you had a special number that you had pretty much worn through high school and college, what is an amount that you would spend to get that number? Because like, like most guys are superstitious Ocho Yeah, I mean listen, you, you, he talked about his family wearing a number. Him being born on the second, wearing it through college.


His family wore number two. I mean, but a hundred, a hundred thousand is that's, that's the, that's the limit. That's the limit. I'm not going over that Absolute limit. Anything over that. Man. Man, go ahead. Forget you. I just start a new li I I start a new number, a new number of importance at that point. Yeah. Don't call me Ocho. Don't call me Ocho right now. You call me Ocho but don't call me Cinco. Yeah, I think Juan Soto gave bought the guy a new Tahoe for 22. Right. He probably making 3 million. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. But if you want that number, don't worry about what I'm making. You want a number or don't, don't worry about it.


Don't count my pockets. What you want a number? 'cause I gladly keep kicking field goals in it. I thought you wanted it. Yeah, I mean, as a, as a kicker you should, you should be willing to come up off your number. Especially I ain't Giving up nothing. Play it like that. I'm unfortunately you ain't gonna be able to do that. I wish it was something I could tell you to make you feel better, but No, I can't. I'm I'm gonna pay, I'm gonna pay for it. Gonna pay. Yeah. A hundred, a hundred grand is what I do. Yeah. Hundred grand. Yeah. And I don't know if car married the fiction. Hold Onge, Tony bought bought a, an old boy wife a car bought a Porsche. Yeah. Ah-huh. That's what they Yeah, that I know.


I, I, Juan Soto bought the guy that gave him 22. He bought him a Tahoe, but Shhe bought the player that he got. I don't even know what show his number is, but he ended, I know he ended up buying the guy's wife at Porsche. Yeah. I mean the kind of money they making up. That's D well he, you think about it, he got, see he getting 70 million in salary and he's probably doing another 10, 15, 20, 30 million an endorsement. Especially with in Japan, the Asian market. He's he king. He's King Kong. Mm. I mean, had, had, had, I mean the perfect name for him would be Godzilla, but had Dick Mcsu had that name.


So he can't be Godzilla. Yeah. Yes, he deferred, he only making 1 million a year now. But he gonna, he defer, He deferred on the back then. Yeah, he said I'm gonna go back to Japan and uncle in California. Y'all not finna get all my money. Y'all not finna get all this bread, huh? Yeah, for sure. But Ocho and I in agreeance a hundred foul ocho, there was a viral TikTok trend going around the NFL where players were calling their teammates to wish them a good night. Mikey Commanders. Mikey Riel got in on the phone last night and called his quarterback.


Let's take a look at this Ojo. This was so funny. Yo, bro. Yo, this is CB that's not in mind. Yeah. So I'm gonna just see you tomorrow bro. I'll just calling to say goodnight, bro. What the fuck? You straight Bob? Huh? Bro, we good. What you mean? He usually call to say goodnight like bro, goodnight bro. Get my dog bro. I'm just checking in real quick. I just talked to you five minutes ago. I I know that, but when like, I ain't say goodnight bro. Like sleep well, bro, bro, bro.


Yeah bro. I can't tell my homies like sleep. Well bro. Get good rest. Hey bro, bro, I don't know what type of shenanigans you're on right now, bro. She at the real bon right now. Hey boy, I hit that look here. I said boy, if you don't get your ass off by phone then hold up so quick. I'm like, are you for real good night. Oh man. Hey they all, all, all my homies man would've man, if you don't get your ass off my god damn phone. Yeah man. They, they would've known something was up up. 'cause it's something that I that, that I don't, that I don't do. No, and they, they would've started cracking jokes.


Would've said some crazy stuff. Yeah. That, that They like, Hey man, you okay over there? Is that is is that cold for something? Somebody got you kidnapped you hostage or something? Hey, blink twice if you need help. Yeah. What you do? Why you play it like this sha what's wrong with you? Hey, they listen. I can't record nothing like that. All my people Say something. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I get what you I can't even post. Yeah. Yeah. I you that that ain't something I could do. Lying man. Boy you don't get your ass off my phone.


Oh man. Yeah. I, I, yeah. OCHO College C-P-F-C-F-P College Football Playoffs executive unanimously adopted a move to straight seating for this year's playoffs at a call today teams will be seated directly one through 12 eliminated the concept designated for top four seeds from conference champs ocho You like this? Say that one more time. Bring that back to me. So in Other words, what they did last year, they took the conference champions and they ranked those teams. So they've got 1, 2, 3, 4 rankings. Now there's no more, it doesn't matter right? You get ranked one through 12 whether you are a conference champ or not.


The top four teams will get a buy. Can still get a buy, right. But it's not like Ohio State got a buy because they won, You know, they won the big, You know, the big 10, whomever else. I forget who. Boise at State, I think gotta buy. Who else gotta buy? I can't think off the top of my head. Maybe Texas. No. Was it Geor, Georgia? Maybe it was Georgia that gotta buy. I'm not sure though. But I'm saying but Right. So, but moving forward, there'll be no more if you a conference champion now that solidifies you to get one of the top four seasons. No, it's all 12 teams make the playoffs. Right. And just because you're a conference champ, that doesn't mean you're gonna get to buy.


Yeah, I, I don't like that. Obviously winning conference champ, winning conference champ should come with some type of Benefit. Yeah, I mean obviously especially, especially especially being able to have a buy, having to buy and achieving, You know, winning a conference championship should come with something and just, just having the seating one to 12 and just having to get, listen, some people might like it, some people would not. I would love to know how players feel about it and I would love to know how the coaches feel about it, about this new format. Obviously there's always money behind everything that they do. For sure. Then I'm sure the way this format works is so those, it's a, it is a bigger slice of the pie for everybody.


I think the thing is on your book, everybody gonna buy anyway. It's not like when they make the play, you play the next week. Oh Joe the kid's 17, 18, 19. Yeah. Then you make it see like them jokers 32, 33. Yeah bitch. Do you remember when you was that age what you could do? Went all day, Play a football game Friday night and be ready to play another one. Saturday night. Saturday? Yeah. Shit here and play Sunday too. You, Yeah. So these kids, I mean that's why they can ride it. That's why they practice 'em like they practice 'em. You could hit all of me. We hit all the time in college when I was in college.


Yeah. Oh yeah. We, we hit, hit. Listen, I-I-I-I-I don't know. I like the the format whether I like it or not. I just know from a financial standpoint it makes sense. Yeah. I just dunno, I don't know how they did it, but it makes sense from Somebody getting that. Oh, Joe, I'll be honest with Joe, I don't, I don't really remember being sore when I was in college. Do you remember being sore after playing a game? My shoulders a little bit, but not my legs. Nah, not really. We didn't and we didn't have no cold tub. So what are you gonna get in? I mean, I remember one Man, I, I tried to think who we played.


Oh we played Morehouse. I'd never forget it. Yeah, my sophomore year we played Morehouse, we lost, coach Davis came in that thing. He said hey. He said I ain't even mad at y'all. He said I, he says it's my fault I'm looking at him like you ain't. He say it's my fault 'cause I brought you, sorry both fos up here. He say since your uniform ain't dirty right now and ain't nobody play. He say I got a good mind. I said I should make all you sorry ends. We had one white boy on the team. He said, I ain't talking about you Holmes.


He say, he said I should make all you sorry, sorry, ends walk except Sharpes squirrel, squirrel with the other receiver on the other side. He said everybody else should buy. I should make y'all walk back to Savannah. We in Atlanta. He said, but since y'all didn't hit nobody today, put that show on tomorrow and I see y'all at the field at one o'clock. Y'all had practice the Next day practice and, and I gained uniform. Hey man, I, Hey man, hey black Hollywood different back. I, I don't know how it is now with yo because that was 40 years ago for me.


But I'm telling you Bill Davis, that plate Bill Davis got butter from a duck. Oh yes sir. Yes sir. Bill Davis say I got, I gotta trim the fat. I gotta trim the fat. That's, that was his, that was his favorite. We either go have one of the hard ass practices on your, one of them three hour practices. Right. Yeah. That was his thing. He called us up our damn ho. I gotta trim the fat today. Oh lord. He gotta trim the fat. I Gotta, I Love, hey I want nothing. I don't want nothing lean me. I don't wanna believe me. Oh he get it out the two. I like that we start with them gases. OO Joe. Yeah. We start with gases over, over, back, over, back over.


I mean we, so we go all the way to seven. So you go over, that's one over back, that's two all the way to seven and then you do calisthenics and then you stretch. I know y'all had to be in shape boy. What Boy Ocho That was the days. Yeah Them were the days Ocho and you talking about that. Hey anybody from that area, Savannah know how hard they get. They know how hard they get in the end of July and August. Yeah. I was like, man, I used to ask my brother, I called my brother and tell him said man what we all we did he said, I said man it's like that in the NL.


He is like nah Because You know, you think I know how much we ran in high school. So obviously natural. I think I'm gonna run at at least that even more in college. Yeah. So I'm thinking the next level I'm gonna run just like that. Absolutely not. But Dan Reeves, Dan Reeves learned from Coach Landry. Ocho you jumped outside, you had to run four. Oh you had to run 400 meters. Jumping off sides Offside. Any mistake that you may jumping off sides are four oh meters. Man, Ocho, you remember I told you hu your boy gone.


You know what I'm saying? Ocho Ah Man. One day I had to run Ocho. I ain't gonna lie with yo. One time I had to run, I had to run a mile. Oh man. And I stayed off. I'm like damn. I'm like man I had had me think Ocho, I had the guy I got so tired. Ocho You know, you get tired. You, You know, I was like, are they changing the snap count on me? Yeah. They telling me one thing and it's on something else because I coulda swore I heard one. Right. Well boy, them them was the days. Don't you man, I I'm Kelly man, bill and my homeboy Buck was talking about that man Bill didn't play man. Yeah. Bill did not play that. Ooh.


Like damn, You know they, they got a team too. They, I'm sure they practiced and met and did all those things, but teams we was supposed to beat and we didn't beat. Yeah. Well that next week practice gonna be so mocho and that was back in the day Ocho that was back in the day we had Oklahoma, we had bull in the ring. Hey I remember that. I remember Bullet in the ring bullet card. Hey You know, hey, You know o' sha You know your had em sleeves all tied up on your they won't see osha. Yeah. I ain't, I didn't, I did Bullet the ring Oklahoma drill. I'm talking about this as a little kid. I ain't do it at No did that in college.


Oh yeah. I ain't, I ain't do that in college. Oh. But how, see it was fun when you was a kid 'cause you wanted, you pride yourself on being the toughest. Hey Ocho, you get that thing, he turn around you, hey he done gave somebody a number. You don't know who it is. Hey, you get the feet going. Yeah. Hey, that was the days bro. Hey, in the NF in the NFL we did it. It was more so a receiver blocking and drill. But it, it was still a concept. It's still Oklahoma drill but yeah, it, it wasn't laying down just, You know, thumbed up. Yeah because a lot of times, You know, sometimes when we had force, you push the corner and then you go crack the safety. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah.


Dropped That thump on the mojo. I Remember them days. Alright, Ojo, this is right up your alley right here. Low cost airlines to launch standing only seats in 2026. From 2026. A handful of Europe Europe's low cost airlines pan planned to swap out some economy seats for Sky Riders 2.0 half standing saddle saddle style perch that promised rock bottom ticket prices try free by shaving, by shaving our bunk and tightening up the space between roads. Airlines say they can cramp up to 20% more passengers on a flight. Ocho you gonna fly this Ocho?


Nah, that's didn't notice they said Europe. They ain't say nothing about that here in the States. So we good? We good? Oh, just ocho it start Ocho you do realize a lot of the game shows that you see on tv, they start in Europe. Yeah, I understand. Diver and all that other stuff. They start right there. It ain't working. It ain't working over here. It ain't Working. But I'm trying to say because sometimes people be squeezing in them seats. How you gonna squeeze in that? Right there? Nobody is. That's why it's not gonna be able to work down here. You know, because some of us are a little, a little healthy. You know, some of us are a little healthy over here in the States and No, we, we good. We good. And, and, And guess what? I'm just, huh? You can't, you can't buy two seats.


Yeah. You, you listen. I know some of the game shows start in Europe, but there's certain things that we gonna keep over here. Can y'all y'all open to that? Nah, I'm good bro. You know, that reminds me of, that reminds me of an amusement park ride. You know how you have an amusement park ride? You sitting in your legs dangling and stuff. O yo nah, I'm Bro. Matter fact, hey, what's the one that goes in the circle? It goes in the circle. They got the swings. They got a bunch of 'em. They got, they got super Standing up. Yeah. It goal so fast and then it raises up and The bottom and the bottom drops out. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm good. I'm good. And I Oh, you don't, you don't ride the rollercoaster.


I ride the rollercoaster. I'm just saying I'm good as far as to being on a flight and, And Oh yeah. Yeah. I I hadn rollercoaster so long I probably, I'd make me throw up. Yeah. I ain't really rode close since the kids were kids. Yeah. I'm trying to think. Probably, probably 20 years. Nah, maybe longer than that. I'm, I'm consistently on rollercoasters day County Youth fair comes around during March and April, but I take the kids to the youth fair. I'm still riding rollercoasters.


So we all made mistakes, right? But on up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and utter protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started a oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they ed up and I bring it back to og. Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Interested in investing in Bitcoin but not sure how to get started. Well, with a Gemini credit card, you can dip your toes into Bitcoin without even trying. Just spend like you normally do groceries, gas, or a night out and instantly earn up to 4% back in Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos straight to your account with no annual fee. The Gemini credit card is pretty much a no brainer. And right now you can grab a $200 Bitcoin intro bonus. So go to gemini.com/card to learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Go to gemini.com/card. Start building your bitcoin slash now terms apply. The Gemini credit card is issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend $3,000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts. This content is not investment advice and trading Crypto involves risk for more details on rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees


For period protection you can put on and forget about nothing beats nick's leak proof underwear. North America's number one Leakproof underwear brand. Let's face it, life can be unpredictable but your leakproof underwear shouldn't be. That's why millions of people choose Nick's for periods for light leaks, for everyday freshness. Nick's undies are super comfy, super absorbent, and made to handle whatever your day throws at you. Day two of your period covered your daily run. No problem. That big sneeze, You know the one. Yep, we've got you. And with styles like bikinis, boy shorts, thongs and rise plus sizes from extra small to four XL Nix makes it easy to find your perfect fit. Say goodbye to stress and leaks and say hello to undies that work just as hard as you do, no matter the leak. Find the style and level of protection you want@nix.com and use code flow 15 for 15% off. That's KNI x.com code flow 15 for 15% off Nicks for your leaks for your Life.


You're a hustler. You get things done, but you don't always do things for yourself. With J-Lo Beauty, it takes just a few minutes a day to look like facials are a regular part of your routine. J-Lo Beauty's Fresh and Flawless skincare kit includes six skincare products that work as hard as you do. They'll hustle to brighten firm and hydrate your complexion morning and night. This skincare kit is a one and done solution that is clinically proven to visibly tighten and lift for instant and long lasting results. Cleanse, treat, moisturize, protect the fresh and flawless skincare kit. Does it all see why the kit's a bestseller today? Visit j beauty.com/deluxe and get an extra 25% off your first shipment plus free gifts with Code Deluxe. If you're not satisfied, return the bottles within 60 days for your money back. See the website for details? That's JLo beauty.com/deluxe to get that J logo.


Wow ocho, If your parents made 80,000 in the nineties, you'd have to make $246,382 in 24. 2024 to have that same life. Let that sink in. If your parents made 80,000, you would need to make damn near a quarter of a million to live the same type of lifestyle. Hey, My grandma, I, my grandma ain't made 80,000 her whole life. Yeah. Let alone in one year. Fantastic. Because she was looking at me. My grandma, I think my grandma might've made hold on my grandma.


Most she probably ever made in a year is 5,000. Mm. Yeah. 197 every two weeks if she didn't do overtime, Right. Yeah. My grandma make may maybe 5,000 pushed it if she did overtime or she went in or You know, they called her in on a day off. Right. But time different now. Yeah. Everything is going up. So the price of living obviously. And then what I, what I don't like is, is Well that many to got the, the wages need to go up to meet that. Why was, why was I just getting ready to say minimum wage needs to go up to be able to meet the Needs. Everything is going up. But minimum wage. I I but minimum wage, when I was a kid, OCHO was 3 35 an hour.


Right. I think it's what, 7 25 an hour, an hour. What is it now? 7 25, 7 50. It's not enough. That's what it is. I Who you telling It's not enough. Those in the service industry should be be, be paying more teachers, professors should be paying more 7 25 hour. So prices have gone up exponentially Crazy. But Wages have, have not met that. But it doesn't match. If they can live comfortably Man. And they need to start service industry and teachers. Oh yeah. Yeah. Those two nah teachers ain't gonna be nothing. Hell nah because a lot of times people just send their kids to work. That's daycare, that's free daycare.


Hey. But what teachers have to deal with, especially today. Yeah. If your kid bad, if your kid bad at home, what you think he is? If your kid bad with you, What you think they are at home, at school? Yes. If they talk back to the teacher, You know they talk back at home. Yeah. Absolutely Not me though. I just wouldn't talk. I I talk at school. 'cause see my grandma was like, boy stop all that talking talk when you get to school. When I gotta school, the teacher say, Shannon, be quiet. Talk when you get home. I said, Uhuh granny told me to talk when I got to school. You ass out on this one. I'm talking give me an F for conduct. But I am not about to get beat when I go home because I'm talking excessively.


No, I stayed in the, my dad stayed in the hall though, Joe. Yeah. Oh funny. Hall, when you, when you talk too much. Yeah, I, I did most of my homework. I did most of my homework In the hallway. I stick my After that. Shannon, can I come back in? No, I wasn't bad. Don't you? I just, I mean talk. Yeah, but come on now. I wasn't, I I wasn't even in class. I was skipping class. I was all in all the people PE class. I'm all in lunch when I ain't supposed to be in lunch. Those, those were the days Ocho. Those were the days. Days. I Ain't trying to go back to her.


No. Now you trying to go back to her. But they 80,000 so hell, I was in the nineties old show. I wasn't making 80. I was, I was a professional athlete making 63 63 Band. My, my how times have changed and rent Was 1500 a month. Hey, hey. Well hey spit. Listen. You talking about rent being 1500 a month? Well, You know you move to Houston or Atlanta. Shit. Rent still Ocho Ocho. I know. I'm just, I'm just, I just want to throw that out there. I got, I got a friend of mine. Got a nice, got a nice, nice condo.


Nice high rise bedroom. He paid 25. He paid 2,500 in case you wanna move out there. Thank y'all very much. Ocho. Yeah. No, No. What? I'm not moving to Houston. Don't you? I mean, we, we might as well. What You mean? We, I I would think about doing it too. Me, me, me, me and misses been talking about relocating to Houston. No, we can get some, we can get a lot, a lot of bang for your buck. I got a lot of bang for my buck right here. I know, but you so far away from everything.


Huh? Houston puts us in the middle of everything we can get, we can get to the East. I I ain't close enough to la. Yeah, that ain't number. That's well that ain't number two hours. I'm 44 minutes now. Lemme take that back. We 38 minutes. Hey, we George up to give or take. Yeah. That ain't Well we 38 minutes from Cali. No fly. Yeah. 38. Listen, I'm, I'm done This. I wish I might drive the ca. Hey, just, just, hey, you heard me? Just sit on it. Think about it for a little bit. Think about it. Listen, hey, you heard me? I can get, I can get 20,000 square foot, 20,000 square feet, You know, about 6, 7, 8 acres, You know, for a little bit of nothing.


I don't want that. I don't want no 20. This is this. I I got plenty houses. This, this is more than enough house for me. Right, Right. Another Chad, don't think I should move to Houston. Yeah. I just, Hey, I just got this, got this custom fence put in. They, they finally after eight months, right? Oh no. Oh, Joe. Bad. The guy came in, put the fence in today. Yeah, he said knocked, he rang the doorbell. DI come to the door. He's like, I just, You know, we, we, we put the, the fence in. You know, we putting the wall in. We get everything taken. Now we, we off the next four days. I was like, okay, so I don't know when we gonna get back and finish this up.


Right. I said, hold on. So you're not coming tomorrow. You are off Saturday, Sunday, Monday. And you don't know when you coming back. You mean to tell me you can't come back? Like who didn't finish it up? Right. Well, You know we got so many other jobs. I said, what the hell is this? Is this, is this not a job? Right. What your back been working on this fence for eight months Now? What kind of fish you got? Right Man, they do. Hey, they pour a little concrete, they build something, paint something. Gone for two weeks. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Hold on. You got who you got? You got Mexicans? You made no Mexicans? Huh? I don't know who doing it, but I wish they finish it.


Well, listen, if you had some Mexicans, see that's, Think you ass. If you were down there in Houston or you're down near in Miami, shit would've been done in a week back in Vegas. They got there prolonging, prolonging the process. I thought, oh Joe, I came close. It was, it came down. 'cause You know we looked at Austin, we looked at Dallas, we looked at Houston. We looked at Nashville. Yeah. Nashville was out. Nashville was out of, because it's so far away. Right from, from Cali, Austin. I was like, Austin is really a college town. And I was like, nah, Dallas. After going there doing the show, I was like, nah, Dallas ain't me. Houston, you already know what I think of Houston. Yeah. You know what I think of Houston? Yes Sir. I said I can't do it. Yeah.


Can't do it as wanna move because she be 20 minutes from home. No. Yeah. Listen, you ain't gotta do it. I'm, I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it sometime next year. Man. You gonna do it next year? Time you leaving Miami Going to get one of them big boys, boy. Nah, hell no. I'm going to get one of them big boys, man, with the, You know, two, three acres. Man, give me a, give me a nice horse. Four wheelers, dirt bikes. Man. Do You know how much a horse eat? I don't Think you understand. I don't think you've grasped the gravity of how much a horse eat. I know horses is right here behind me. I I'm out here in Davy now. I, I ride, ride my horses. I I've been doing my homework. Yeah, I know. They, they eat crazy. Yeah.


I'm, I'm, I'm ready. I'm ready, I'm ready. I know Ocho check. Ooh Tuck. Chris Tucker says his family members all quit their jobs after they found out he was making 20 million a year. They were like, we rich, we rich. I was saying, no, I'm rich. I'm rich. Get y'all jobs back. Tucker, any experience is a unique, many celebrities and high earners face similar expectations despite earning over $50 million for the rush hour franchise alone. Tucker's Wealth didn't last as of 2024. Tucker's net worth is estimated at five to 6 million a fraction of his peak earnings. Mm. That's different.


Yeah. Boy that's tough. Yeah. Yeah. But his taxes, I think, You know, not paying taxes, You know, because I think the thing is when people don't realize, like if, let's just say you get 20 million for a movie, your agent take 20% of that. Might as well slice that in half. So that's 2 million. Okay. Uncle Sam go get his half. So if you got a PR person, you got a nice house ocho you down to money going money don't money don't. Hey, you have to be like, if you're not used to having money, Ocho Yeah.


You have to be really, really careful. Extremely. Especially with family. Especially with family. You gotta know where to say no. You got to gotta know where to say no. And I get it. It's not easy because, You know, everybody was like, You know, they were there when I had nothing. I said Are are, are we trying to get back there? I that's what I know. Are we trying to get back there? I thought, You know, that was the whole purpose of like doing what we did so we didn't have to go back there. Right. But I, I was very fortunate. You know, my brother played and, and, and just me, him, my sister, You know, we took care of what we were supposed to take care of.


That's it. That's it. Yeah. Because I know I wasn't going back there. I'm not trying, I'm not trying to do no manual labor anymore. The pay is not good enough. Ain't no, ain't no health insurance. Nah, I'm good and that's bad. I know. And I know Tuck too. I know Tuck well. I mean, but Ocho why would your family think they could quit? I can understand if you married and your wife said baby, cool. Okay, fine. I get that. Or maybe your mom. Yeah, But everybody, Immediate family, mom and dad, everybody else. I, I don't know what y'all talking about. I don't understand what y'all talking about.


Especially we didn't had no conversation about it. Yeah. Talk about some we, we rich. Excuse me, I don't even speak French. No, I don't know about nothing about this. We Oh, what game you got on your, we you remember they used to have a game, the game called So we Yeah. Yeah. What you got? You got tennis? I like tennis and bowling. No sir. Ain't nobody, Finn ain't no I got five, four or five brothers and sisters. They talking about they about to quit They job. Shh. The hell you say Never is a lie. A whole one. Alright. Ocho about to get outta here on this one. It's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and eight. Leon Banks said Ocho so shiny.


I want a palm. It it is a little extra shiny now you just got it cut. Nah, I ain't, I ain't getting it cut. I just got out the shower. Put a little moisturizer, put a little moisturizer on there real quick. You know, that's why I'm, I'm, I'm looking a little, looking a little good tonight. That's it. You know, look good. Okay. Yeah. A d Smith said Wolves got good looks, especially from the corner three. But we're missing and the turnovers are too much. OKC was nine or 33 from the three and still won by 15. This series is over. Yeah. I I I just, I don't see Minnesota winning. I really don't see them winning more than a game. But hey, that's why they play. We'll see what happens when they get home and get crowd, get behind them and maybe they can turn the tide. King Govan, I've been hating on OKC all season, but them boys are here and they're hungry.


I also think New York match up better against OKC, but they might not get past the Pacers. True. Yeah. I I I was, I I thought that them being so young that it could pose a problem for 'em, for the, the Thunder. They look good. They look good. I mean they, they went through Memphis obviously. Ja goes down. They did what they're supposed to do 4.0 they got the nuggets. That was a tough series. They go through seven, they got got through in seven. But man, they look like Minnesota look like it just overmatch or Yo Lum said you don't put bumper stickers on a belt.


Tattoos. Yeah. You don't put no bumper stickers on. No tat on. No, no Rolls Royce, no belly. Yeah. And that's, that's, that's, that's cute. But Ty Kimon says what NFL franchise Franchise has the greatest all time wide receiver room. Past, present, combined. I say Vikings. Vikings. They had Sammy White, they had Omar Rashad, Chris Carter, Randy Mo, Randy Moss, that's de Chris. Chris score has some good ones.


Oh yeah, Absolutely. So Swan Lewis Lips, Plex Hines, Antonio Brown, Man the Manal did too. Bengals. Yeah, for sure. Isaac. Isaac, Curtis. Isaac Curtis. Yeah. Carl Pickens. Cliffy you had downtown. Downtown. Freddie Brown Dy Brown Ocho. Chase Higgins. Chase Higgins, shit. Darnay Sky. Yeah, P do. And they had some good ones. Boy Cowboys had Bullet Bob Hayes, they had Drew Pearson, Tony Hill, Mike, Mike, Irv, Bez, Dez, cd.


Then I got pick. That's a very good question. Very good. Yeah, that's a good one. Dr. Frank l Bella said, Hey fm, UNC, I enjoy your interview with two chains on Club Shay, I must ask, did you catch a little contact Buzz and get the munchies? Yeah. Hey, he said, man, you mind if I smoke. And I said, bro, this your ish this your car, this your, this, your studio this. Hey, you do what you wanna do. I'm good. Nah. But that fool was good. Them Turkey re Jordan. I said, man, I fool Jordan said, man, you got the boy the ribs over there.


Hey them lamb chops good. Them mashed potatoes was swinging, man, You know, you got, Hey, you gotta go. I mean, when you go, when you go to a person A the wings. Yeah. And fried the candy land, which is vegan spot, had a vegan pizza salad. Oh, that it was full swinging. When I go, as a matter of fact, when I go back down that Atlanta, I'm gonna go to Esco. I gotta try That. It's nice, it's nice, its nice change. I appreciate that man. I appreciate the hospitality man. It was great. Alan Fletcher said Start cut, start bench cut.


Alabama wide receiver edition. Jerry, Judy, Devonte Smith, Jalen Waddle. Well, Devonte is starting. I'm gonna go Devonte, I'm gonna bitch Judy, I cut waddle. I'm gonna do it the opposite way simply because Judy's from Miami. That's my home Thing. You ain him Smith. Why? Because he won a Super Bowl. I just told No, I just explained why. First of all About listen to me, I don't care. He Talked the game. Winning a touchdown Ocho as a true Freshman. I'm, I'm starting Jerry Julie. 'cause he's from Miami. I don't care about no Super Bowl.


I don't care about, I don't care if He went the beach high school, the Hot Tide genius. Jerry, my home team is starting. Jerry Judy starting. I'm putting Devonte Smith on the bench and I'm cutting water. I don't care. Nothing about none of that. That's it. They had 1800 yard receiving won the Highman trophy. That's That's what the Biletnikoff award. That's cute. Judy wanted To be the C war too. Hey, it's, it's a hypothetical. So therefore this is what I'm going, Ain't nothing wrong with that. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. I wanna thank you guys for joining us. Again, the OKC Thunder, take a two oh lead 1 18 1 0 3 over the Minnesota Timber Wolves.


Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go. So go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed. Wanna thank my partner and my co-host Liberty City Zone Bingo Ring of Fame honoree. Glad to see her make it back home. Now, Chad Ochocinco Johnson and our very special guest center for the Indiana Pacers, Georgetown University alum, a two top, all star, all defensive player, Roy Bert. Guys, please make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for all your support. Thank you guys for holding Nightcap Down Club. Shehe down all the support that you've given me through the years.


I greatly, greatly appreciate that and I love each and every one of you. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock. Now, if you can't find Shea by La Porter in the city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door premium VSOP, the best tasting VSOP on the market. I promise you, you won't regret it. If you purchase a bottle, please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow, go follow my media company page on all of its platforms, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. That link is pending in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Again, the Minnesota Timber Wolves.


Take a two oh lead thanks to a 1 18 1 0 3 victory over the Minnesota Timber Wolves. Next game is Saturday. Game three is Saturday in Minnesota at the Target Center. I'm UNC East Ocho will see you tomorrow night. The volume


okay, have you heard about this last year degree, changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sim back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and is back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


This podcast is supported by Talkspace. When my husband came home from his military deployment, readjusting was hard for all of us. Thankfully, I found Talkspace. Talkspace provides professional support from licensed therapists and psychiatric providers, online military members, veterans and their dependents. Ages 13 and older can get fast access to providers all from the privacy of their computers or smartphones. I just answered a few questions online and Talkspace matched me with a therapist. We meet when it's convenient for me and I can message her anytime. It was so easy to set up and they accept Tricare therapy was going so well. My husband and I started seeing a couple's therapist through Talkspace two. Talkspace works with most major insurers, including Tricare, matched with a licensed therapist today at talkspace.com/military. Go to talkspace.com/military to get started today. That's talkspace.com/military.


I'm Michael Kassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content. The term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You are listening to an iHeart podcast.