
Hey, did you know the CMA awards is live Wednesday on a BC Chris Stapleton and Post Malone Kickoff Country Music's Biggest Night Plus Electrifying Performances by Lainey Wilson. Shazi, Ashley McBride, Luke Bryan, Dirk Bentley, and a one of a Kind Collaboration by Thomas Redd and Teddy Swims. Luke Bryan, Peyton Manning and Lainey Wilson. Host the CMA Awards Live Wednesday at eight seven Central on a, B, C and Stream. Next, Dan Hulu.


This is the story of the one who as a maintenance specialist for a historic high rise, knows that vintage charm historically needs constant attention, which is why when it's time to upgrade, turn of the Century mechanicals, they turn to Granger. With easy access to a million plus products and the scale to deliver when and where you need them. The right tools and supplies are never far away. So the one can keep that vintage building running like new call click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball the Blindside and Liars Poker On. the latest season of my podcast, Against the Rules. I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA Cup is here you can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet. If your bet wins when you bet just five bucks only on Draft Kings the crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction Void in Ontario. Won no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Oh, Joe, the Dolphins beat the Rams by the score of 23 to 15. Tour was 20 of 28, 2 0 7 1 touchdown won an ception. They ran the ball 22 times for six or seven yards. Not a whole lot, but Tour did just enough. Three sacks, one turnover. Matthew Stafford was 32 or 46. 2 93. No touchdowns. No they didn't score. They kicked five field goals. They missed one. He had one in interception, got sacked four times. pko had nine catches for 98. Cooper CPP had seven for 80, but none of them got the ball into the end zone. And what it was three possessions back to back to back to back where the dolphins turned it over and then the Rams turned it over and then the Dolphins turned it over again.


So with that being, yeah, I think that's how it went. But it was three consecutive possessions and which the turnover occurred. But Ocho, the dolphins get on the get of the win. Yep. By the score of 23 to 15 over the Rams. They do it on the road. They move to three and six. Yeah. So now with seven games to go two, what do you like? What do you think the chances are? The dolphins go on a stretch here, win some games and get into the playoffs. I mean, listen, they, in order for the dolphin to go on a stretch, two was gonna have to play perfect. He gonna have to protect the ball, not throw any interceptions. And Mike eos had to get that passing game going the way it was going last year. Every game, Tyreek Hill was hitting his head off the goal post.


They was putting Tyreek in positions to make plays. They gotta get the ball to waddle. They need a third person who I would say was Odell Beckham. They need to find a way to integrate him into the game plan as well. Because for one, if you're gonna double, if you're gonna double goddamn tyreek you going, you gonna single up or, or sometime depending on what defense defense they play, you gonna double up goddamn Waller as well. They gotta find a way to add Odell Beckham as the threat to the passing game to open things up a little bit more for the run game. Most of them eight chan, they, they was okay tonight, still not enough. If you want to go on a seven game win streak in the next nine games, the chances of 'em actually doing it is very difficult. Now they got seven games. No, they gotta win seven.


Get three and six. They gotta win seven of the last nine though, UNC, in order to make the goddamn fail. No, no, no, no. They, they can't win seven of nine 'cause there's not nine games left. Wait, What? What? Oh, it's Monday. There's only seven games left. What, What? What week is this? This is week nine. No, unc, There's three and six. Okay. Okay. Okay. Well if my math serve me right. All right, You, so that's nine three plus six is nine. You right, you right. They got eight games. Actually they got eight. So 17 games, they got eight games left. Right. Okay. Okay. Okay. So they gotta, they gotta win. Damn. Seven of the last eight, Nah, Ocho, I think the question is, yeah, Now if they get in, that means you might, because are they gonna be three teams from the NFC North?


Heck, because it, it might come down to them in Cincinnati because I think you and I both believe Baltimore and Steelers are gonna get in. Oh yeah. Most one will win the division. The other will be the probably the top wild card, right? Yeah. Okay. You got Kansas City. Yeah. Right. And you probably gonna, you're gonna have, looks like it's gonna be Houston. So if you got, if you got Baltimore, Cincinnati, yeah. You got Kansas City. Yeah, you got Houston. So you do and Buffalo. That's five, right? You only got two spots left. Hold on. You left off the Steelers uncle. You didn't even say Pittsburgh. No, I said one of those will win the division. Okay. Okay. And the other will be the top wild card. That's two, right? Buffalo three, Kansas City four.


Yes sir. Houston five. Right. Okay. You got Cincinnati. You got Cincinnati, Miami, Denver. Yeah, Denver. What you, what you threw them in there for? Because Denver is four. Is is what? What's the record? Five and four. Four and four. The Broncos are five and four. Hey, listen, listen, listen. The Broncos see the Broncos are five and five Ocho. Listen, I know, I know. They at 500. I know. Listen, this ain't the Make-A-Wish foundation. The Broncos ain't going nowhere. The Broncos, listen, they not, they not, You do realize they're two games clear of the Dolphins in the wind. Column two, you Do understand it, it they take the snap of a fingers for the dolphins that look like the Dolphins are old and they turn that thing around and go and go on a run.


We can't compare the goddamn Denver Broncos offense. The do, But, but, but hold on. But you comparing the dolphins of the dolphins of old that can just snap a finger and get on the road. So what do you do? That's The only reason they don't look right offensively and Tyreek and Waddles numbers are down. This year is 'cause two was out. That's the only reason. So what's the likelihood of two? You, you, you counting on two and you willing to bet any amount of money. That tour's gonna stay healthy the rest of the year. Of course. Current Mark drafts number one, overall pick Travis Hunter. Number two, overall pick to the Giants. Shado Sanders. Number three. Overall pick Cam, ward, quarterback Miami. Number four, overall pick Cleveland, Browns, Macmillan the receiver out of Arizona. Number five Will Johnson Cornerback Michigan number six overall to, to the Patriots.


ot Will Campbell number seven D line Mason Graham. Yeah. Eight Abdul Carter Edge, Penn State number nine. Nick, what is that? Kurt Scor Edge. Texas a m. And then Kevin Banks Jr. OT, Texas. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like that little mock draft. Who is that? That's Mel Kier shit. I don't who that, I don't know who that, I dunno who that is. Okay. We might a, we might, we might, we might start our own Mark. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We don that back. We don't watch enough tape, man. We don't watch no tape.


We can't, I mean, look, I ain't got the time to sit down and break down the tape. Hey, I got too much over our plate right now with five shows, two night, two ESPN shows and a show once, two shows a week with Club, Shay, Shay. I absolutely have them. You know What's funny? When I, when I think about it, you know, without having a, without having to dive deep into it, you know, from the surface level, from a fan watching, watching collegiate games, I can kind of tell you who, if that boy and who's not, I don't need to sit there and watch 200,000 hours of goddamn film to tell you, oh, that young fella there, he can play. When you turn on the film, when you turn on the film, there are 22 people on the field. If you really like that, outside of that 22 on film, that individual always pops out.


He always pops out, always. You can tell who's who. And that, that's pretty much it. That's, that's my piece. I am not male hypo. Mike Rogers pokes a little fun. Hashtag redline at Aaron Rogers. After Aaron Rogers called out Mike Williams for running the wrong route route. And they lost to the bills. Williams took the high road after Williams made a stellar debut in the Steelers. He posted on ig, celebrating his first game. Williams added three hashtags. Whole lot of hashtag number two was we back. And number three, hashtag redline red. The last one was a direct reference to Rogers criticism.


Aaron Rogers told reporters after Monday night laws of Buffalo Williams was supposed to be on the red line on the practice field five yards from the sideline. Hey, you see how he threw Mike Williams under the bus? He ocho that's his history. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, I like, I like, I like the sub, the subliminal shot though. Yeah, I like it. I like the little jab. Hey, the Steelers, the Steelers play the don't play the Justice Year. I don't know. The Steelers play the Jet or they already play. Probably not.


Probably not. Either way. Listen, I I like it. I like, I I I like the fact that it was bo it was bothering them, you know? Oh, yo, nobody, listen, nobody likes to be thrown under the bus. Yeah. Not quarterback. Quarterback. Thank you. That hurt. That hurt Because do you know how many times we could, Hey, what about that fd up interception you threw? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. What about that fumble you had? What about that? Read that? What about that hot read that you missed? Hey, There's always stuff to go around, but you're mindful that, look, everybody's under a stressful situation. Our job is to go out there and win all the while, while somebody's trying to hit you in the back of your damn head. Yep. So I'm not, look, I'm, my job is not to try to embarrass somebody, do I?


When I get on the sideline, yeah, I would yell and I, I would try to keep it to a minimum because I know the mics, were gonna try to pick up anything that I said or the camera gonna pop. But I would, most of my thing correcting was done once we got into the building away from prying eyes of fans, media cameras or whoever. Oh, everybody was like, Cooper Rush can lead this team. Look at him. He's so much better than Dak. Who said that man threw for 45 yards? Who said He was better than Dak? But they were trying to be funny Cowboy fans. Jerry had people believing that he was Jerry said that Even Troy, even Troy, even Troy and Tony Robo said they gonna, Hey, they might be a a, a frenzy for a Cooper rush.


He's a very good quarterback. He right back there in Dallas And goddamn media dollars. Me, you know, they going, they gonna say anything to support, support the young fellow man. I I, I understand what they saying, but you knew he wasn't better than that. No matter what you come, I knew nobody would, bro. He'll back up. He can win you a couple of games here and there until your starter comes back. But it wasn't nobody gonna put their, but their franchise in his Angel. I understand. I don't, I don't, you know what's funny is that's for them to be able to say that and understanding that he is a backup and he wouldn't be the future of your franchise, especially putting the keys in his hands for success and being able to compete at a high level week in and week out.


We need to take they credibility cards too. Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm just saying. And so it's okay for them to do it, but if it is us, you know, we're held to a different standing when it comes to saying certain things about certain players, you gotta be right. Yes. But I try, oh, Joe, I try to be as, look, I try to evaluate what my eyes tell me, what my, what my experience tells me. I don't look at where he plays. I don't look at the position that he plays. I just basically go by what my eyes tell me and what my experiences tell, tell me. That's how I evaluate a player. And I know some people are like, well, you don't like this guy or you don't like that guy. It's not about like a dislike. My job is not to like a dislike.


My job is to offer an honest critique of said player said teams. I try to do that to the best of my ability. I understand when fan bases, certain fan bases don't like what I say. But if you check my history, I've criticized Tom Brady, Tony Romo, some of the great quarterbacks. When you play, when you play well, I got no problem saying you play well. But when you play bad, I think I owe it to the fans that watch me to say that you played bad. When I say you ocho what fans gotta understand when I say a player is playing bad or played bad, that doesn't take away anything great. Here's accomplished. If you've been an all pro, if you've been an MVP, a defensive player the year or whatever the case may be, that doesn't take away from that.


You've already won that, that can't be taken away. I'm talking about a specific game or a stretch of games. That's what I'm evaluating you on. That's it. Nothing more, nothing less You. Right? I like it. And sometimes people like you are trying to diminish to Guy. No, how can I diminish what he's already done? The Old Wheel of Fortune. I know you don't remember this Ocho and a lot of people in the chat, but Chuck Woolery used to be the original host of Wheel of Fortune. And they used to, what you do, you spend the wheel and they would let you buy, they would let you buy stuff. So if you won $2,500, you can buy a microwave for $300.


I would like to buy that his and her bicycles for 750. So you can buy stuff with the money that you won, and once you buy a prize, it was yours to keep. You only lost if you had money and you hit bankruptcy. So I'm like the Wheel of Fortune once that guy accomplished that, I'm not, I can't take it back. He's done it. But I think it, I I think for someone to, to feel that because they're an accomplished player player and they're above reproach, I, I disagree. I de disagree. I disagree. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. Them some big words now. Hey, bring that back to me again. Yeah, but hey, I ain't, I ain't never heard that before. What, what kind of, what kind of, well, you what disagree what stre?


I strenuously. Ive Disagree. Okay. Okay. And you been In the most sincere, harsh term. I disagree Even too long. Now I the salt.


This is the story of the one who as a maintenance specialist for a historic high rise, knows that vintage charm historically needs constant attention. Which is why when it's time to upgrade, turn of the century mechanicals, they turn to Grainger with easy access to a million plus products and the scale to deliver when and where you need them. The right tools and supplies are never far away. So the one can keep that vintage building running, like new call click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast, Against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling Listen to Against, the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Yo rookie kicker. Jake Bates walked it off with a 52 yarder. He tied it up with a 58 yarder as the lions rallied to beat the Texans. 26 23, Jerry Goff threw 5 1 2, 3, 4, 5, interceptions, cinco, Cinco, cinco, Cinco, interceptions. This one is gonna hurt because there's nowhere you're supposed to lose a game Ocho at home when the opposing teams turns it over five times. Yeah. Houston held a 23 7 lead at the break only to watch it evaporate. The Texans lost three of the last four games fall to six and fourth.


Six and fourth. They're still a top the a FC south and they're getting new Nico Collins back next week, which should help. But Nico wasn't a reason why they lost him. Not having him wasn't the reason. Big question about this team ceiling remains after tonight. Yeah. You gotta win this game, mocho. You have to. You're at home. You are up. Yeah. But CJ bro, you can't come out outta halftime and throw a pick. Ocho How many times have people a, a fans a listening audience? Our viewing audience? How many times have you heard Ocho And I say, if you are late with that out ball, it's gonna get picked. If the guy can catch now, if he can catch, he's gonna pick it. If he can't catch, he's gonna knock it down. But it's not gonna be in completion. When you late, he's off.


He's in a clue position. So that tells you automatically you can't be late with it. Right. Because he driving, don't you? He's already that way. He's driving. And, and if anything, if you going, if you gonna miss, don't miss inside Miss Wide and outside, It's inside. It's incomplete out bounds. Yeah. Yeah. It gotta be one or the other. You can't, you can't leave it inside. It is going the other way. Give Car Davis a lot of credit because he do made a heck of a play on the ball. He had two outstanding interception. I don't know why. CJ on the second inter, the the first interception put so much air on it. Ocho what does he think that, that Carlton Davis was gonna give up on the play? Yeah. I you know what I think, was it the pressure you think you Remember? No, he rolled out the pocket. No, he had, he rolled outta the pocket.


The one he, the end zone that Davis got. No. Yeah. Yeah. They picked off the tank was open Corner pressure. There was no pressure on him. He had an easy throw. He even directed and told him to. And I don't know why he didn't put, put it more on the line because Carl Davis sees that he's beat. So he's running full speed. The last thing you want him to do is have an opportunity to break that ball up when he's that wide open. I know you don't wanna overshoot him, but you gotta put it more on the line. Yeah. We still have more questions than answers about the Houston Texans. They've lost three of their last four. The turnovers are starting to mount, CJ is starting to turn the ball over a lot more than we, than he even did last year.


And they're a good team. They're a really good team. They didn't run the ball particularly well tonight. Give Detroit a credit. 'cause they got a good defensive front. Now that was, they played that game without Zza Smith. But when you look at Ma McNeil and Pascal Pascal d the A, they clogged that middle. They do a great job of collapsing the in in interior. Now when they get z Gonna Bring the heat off the edge, yes. Gonna be nasty. Especially on passing downs. And their secondary is improving game by game branch guys and better, They getting better.


We gotta get Terryana Arnold to be a little bit more patient. Be a little more patient, look back for the ball. Too many, too many pass interference plays too many holding too many holding penalties. Every single game he's getting called for something. Sometimes two and three a game. They mighta, coulda got him on that the last play that on that third, on that third down. They could've easily called it. Yeah, They, yeah, they could've called it easily. They they let it go though. They let it go. They didn't want that to be the deciding factor, you know, in the game. In the game. But he, I mean he, he gotta work. He gotta work on that. You know, using your eyes, man, playing, playing with your eyes, you instincts and stop being so handsy and look back for the ball a little bit. Look back for the ball. Some of 'em, you know, it is different. If you look back, I know most dbs, they panic when they can't see and they see the receiver's eyes get big.


Yeah. But if you look back for the ball early man. Yeah. And keep yourself in position nine times outta 10, you'll be able to make a play on the ball. And most of the time, times you'll be able to pick it. Yep. And I think the thing is, Ocho I'm watching this game. The Lions offensive coordinator got afraid to call this game. They were started just handing the ball off to Gibbs and handing the ball off to Montgomery. I'm like, bro, it's third and seven. Y'all let the 50 y'all line and y'all hand the ball off a straight dive. Because they had gotten, I mean, I'm looking at some of those interceptions ain't no way in hell golf. Thought those guys were open. Them guys wasn't even close to being open ocho. I'm like, bro, and look, I I get it.


You know, it's, it's kind of like, it's like anything else. Ocho you know, you get a touchdown, it's easy. You get another touchdown, you know, you get a sack. It's easy to get another sack because normally we, we say things happen in bunches. Yeah. You know, you get a bunch of sacks, you get a bunch of catches, you get a bunch of touchdowns. Right. Same thing with inception. Guy throws one and all of a sudden he throws another damn that's two and another. And in his mind he is like, well, hey, I might as well just keep flinging it. But the, but the, the lions and the coordinators said, hell nah because you, you you killing us. Yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. That's why he stopped, that's why he stopped calling the normal offense and which would Yeah. Seeing, so how can we get the ball outta of golf stands until we feel he is a little bit more comfortable.


They started screening him, screening them to death. They throw the swing to had the Gibbs on one side, on one side on the offset of the quarterback. And they running behind and throw it to him. Right. Se gets him a great block. They run a drill break screen to Armon St. Brian for the touchdown. They started doing everything they could to, Hey, 1, 2, 3, throw the ball. That's perfect though. You, you know, you know what Ben Johnson is doing when he does that. Yes. You know what, let's get golf a little. Let's get him comfortable again. Let's get him in rhythm with some easy throws. Get the ball outta his hands and get him little. I don't want him to think Ocho because he's thinking too much now. Yeah. So get it out. Get out right away. 1, 2, 3, a screen. 1, 2, 3, jailbreak. 1, 2, 3, quick out, 1, 2, 3, stick route.


I don't want you thinking because you, you're killing us. Yeah. As a matter of fact, you probably hurting your damn self too because you know, hey, I was thinking about something. I hope you don't hurt yourself. I would look at, I'm like, bro, what are you do, what do you see? But this is a good team Mocho, when you could go on the road and you turn the ball over five times and you still come away with a victory. This is a good team. This is a very good team. They're very well coached. They did not panic. You know, Campbell, I couldn't hear what he said, but I think he, I could try to read his lips. I think he said about defense need to come out here and shut him down the first drive and ride on, shoot. Calling Davis Gib a pick.


And now all of a sudden we got a, now we got a ball game. What a lead that could have been extended. It could have been 26 to seven, it could have been 30 to seven. Now all of a sudden, boom. But hell, if I'm not mistaken, what you call him, come back and give it right back to him. He throw, throw it in. Threw an interception. Yeah. Golf. Yeah. Did He did not play well today? Yeah. Not, not at all. It, it was a sloppy game. It it is funny. It probably makes no sense. It was a sloppy game, but it was a good game at the same time. Yes. The 49 ERs defeated the bucks. 2320 in the return of Christian McCaffrey. The 49 ERs emerge victorious with the biggest story of the side was on the sideline with a scuffle between Deebo Samuel, long Snapper Tabor Pepper.


After the game, DBO explained what prompted the heat exchange occurred after Kicker Jake Moody's third Miss Field goal of the game. Normally I don't even get like that, but just frustrated in the heat of the battle. You know, real close game. I kind of got outta character, but I'll talk to Moody and we'll get past it. Moody responded with a rough outing by drilling a 44 yard game-winning field goal as time, Gotta loosen everything up, gotta loosen everything up as a kicker. You got one job, you got nothing else. You do One thing 5, 6, 7, 8 days out the week. I'm talking about eight days. It's only seven. All you gotta do. Yeah, you got one job is the kick. So when they ask of you to do that one job that you do, do you know you gonna miss, you're human.


It's the NFL. You know you wanna be as perfect as possible. That's the reason you, why you practice. You know, if you fall short of being perfect, it'd be better than most. But you can't miss three kicks that could have cost you the game today. Three, come on. Now, most of the time if you, yeah, He wrong. You Drop three footballs as a receiver, likelihood you, unless you a number one or elite player, probably not gonna be playing. But what happens if Deebo fumble the ball and they lose the game and the guy goes up there and grabs his face mask? What if he drops two passes on the last drive and we lose the game? He grabs his face mask or he gets in his face. You think Deebo gonna be cool with that?


No, Probably not. So that's why you have to look and I get it. Look, you and I both been on the sidelines. We've seen kickers miss it. We've seen, you know, guys do things and Yeah, it is frustrating. It is, it is extremely frustrating. But you also have to understand now the way football work and the football guys, they'll put you in that situation to have you drop a pass or to have you walk. They Get you right every time. They get you right. Every time. Yeah. But like I said, look, I know they're frustrated. They're not having the season that they expected. They're five and four. I can assure you the 49 ERs thought they would be better than five and four at the nine. But You know what's funny about the goddamn 49 ERs? They always going to f and run when it counts.


This is the first time they went back to back game. So they couldn't be on something. They who, who the 49 ERs got next, next two to three games. Ash. They got Seahawks at home, at Packers, at Bills, Seahawks, at Packers and Bills. Oh. Ooh. That's a, all of them. All of them tricky. I'm, I'm playing the Seahawks. What Seahawks, what Seahawks team are we gonna get? You know, Man, Seahawks been Yeah. Been bad. I mean, Gino been putting up big numbers. I Gino He been turning, returned the ball over. Yeah. Don't even league passing, ain't he? He was. Yeah he was. I mean, Purdy's gonna be up there knocking.


Well, Gino had a big guy. I think Gino had a big game when they play Monday night. No, they were on Bye week. Seattle was on. Bye. Seattle was on buy, but Purdy had a, had an outstanding day. He was 25 or 36. 3 53, excuse me, two touchdowns. Clean game. No turnovers. He fumbled. But Jennings got it. Ended up recovering. Had a good game today, bro. He was balling Who? Oh, Jennings. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Piol had a big day four for 73 in a touchdown. His first, first touchdown Cmack came back six catches, 66 yards. Deebo was five for 62.


A kittle great touchdown. Purdy did a great job of finding him in the back of the end zone Ocho he had, he had three for 57 in a touchdown. Piol had four for 73 in a touchdown. Yeah. I mean, but this is the type of game that Purdy needed because they were unable to run the football. Russ versus the Rug Steelers get to win against the commanders. 28, 27. At half time the Steelers had 3 97 yards of total offense. They finished with 312. Russ was inconsistent. He was 14 of 58, 14 of twenty eight, a hundred and ninety five yards. Three tds and one INT Daniels who entered the game as an MVP candidate, did not have his best game completed.


16 of 32. 1 94. 194 yards. Hey. Yeah. He missed a couple of throws that he liked to have back. He had Luke McCaffrey on a crossing route that he, he really would really, really would love to have that one back. Yeah. But give Russ credit because Russ I think at one point was like nine of 20, but he picked it up. George Pickens made some big time plays. Fry Moth came up, clutch for him, made some big time plays. Austin had a couple of big catches and they were able to go on the road. Man, I'm watching this game. Mocho. Yeah. Did you see how many people raiding 'em? Terrible towels. Yeah. Hey wait, look. I Said hold on. I was like, I gotta go back and look. I gotta see if this, is this in Washington or is this in three in, When the Steelers play away, they travel extremely well.


So wherever they playing at, basically it's their stadium. The Steelers, like Steelers will make it. They stadium no matter how far, no matter how far they playing, it don't matter. You know why Ocho? Why? Because the Steelers were really good in the seventies and a lot of people, Right? They, they, they now they got kids. They grew up watching the Steelers. They became Steelers fans and a lot of times kids become fans like their parents of the team that their parents root. Right. Right, right, right. So when you go, you are absolutely right when you go on the road, I'm looking, I'm like, hold on, Washington got the ball. Why? The crowd is in a frenzy. Why they waving the towels? I say, Washington don't raid no towers.


Hell yeah. And I'm like, lemme go real. I'm, I said They take it there. Take your sta take your stadium over, take your airport. And I'm Like, oh my goodness. Yeah. That was a good ga. That was a good game though, huh? It was. And it was. And I was looking, I was listening to some of the commander fans. They were upset about taking the L today. Do y'all realize y'all, at the top of the vision, do you realize you just lost only your third game? Do you realize the quarterback that you do have at the hel you have a decade plus some of winning football with him as your quarterback? Yep. Nothing to hang your head on about losing today. It is cool. It is cool. I'm happy for Ru though.


Three starts. He's three and Oh, a lot of people question Mike Tomlin putting him back in as a starter. Yep. But at, I wouldn't call it a gamble, but the gamble that most people say it is, it's paying off. Yeah, absolutely. The change. And he said it himself. Yeah. Oh Joe, he said it himself. He was the lone ranger on this decision. Okay. Okay. Okay. But this, and he said, but he also said this is why they paid me the big buck. Yes sir. To make these decisions. And I can, I'm able to stand. And the One thing that you know about the Steelers organization, they're always gonna back their head coach. Yeah. That's why they've only had three since 1969. They had Chuck Noll, they had Coach Cower and now they have Mike T.


Right. There's a reason they're not swayed by the media. They're not swayed by the fans talking about fire this and fire that. They don't care about that. That's not how the Rooneys operate. They don't care about That. But the Steelers run their record. They sit firmly atop the nf, the A FC North with a 72 record. But they haven't played any division games. Yeah. They got two games against Baltimore, two games against Cleveland, two games against Cincinnati who we're gonna find a lot more, we're gonna find a lot more about the Steelers. Yeah. A lot more about the, the Ravens and a lot more about the Bengals over the next six weeks. Because I think they got, I think they in the next six weeks, Ocho I think they got the Ravens twice and twice the Bengals twice.


Yeah. Hey, I, I mean, I'm thinking about the damn Steelers sitting the top of the goddamn damn a FC North. And who would've, yep. Who would've ever thought last year you didn't, you didn't even have a quarterback. No. Last Year you didn't even have a quarterback. And you know, you, you bringing Russell Wilson, you're bringing Justin Fields, then you have two. So I'm thinking, well, hell, they got a quarterback carousel going on. They definitely gonna be last in the division. This is how I'm thinking as a, as a player. Yes, I agree. When there's quarterback controversy, it's too much. It's too much turmoil. It's too much going on. 'cause one time they'll put one in and he might not play well because there's pressure because he knows, damn I can't make any mistakes. 'cause if I make any mistakes, you know they gonna put a old boy in there.


Yes. But you're not able to play freely. You play very conservative football. So I'm thinking yeah, the Steelers ain't gonna, they ain't gonna be, they ain't gonna be none today. But Justin Field surprised me. Them first three weeks, they might've went yes through at, at, at some point when they put Russell in. But Justin Fields played well now Russell get the goddamn job. He's at the ham and he cooking. Yeah, he cooking. So he, Justin keep he making Tomlin look good based on that. The thing is though, but in order for this to be a success, Justin had to do what he is doing. Yeah. Because imagine if he goes over, okay, I see. So now all of a sudden you're trying to get to 500 instead of being seven and two. Right. Mike Tomlin knows his team. He's around this team.


He knew how his team would respond. He knew he was making a very, very tough decision. But he knew they had, he had the type of guys in the locker room that would back his decision because they trust him. Yeah. He's giving them no reason not to trust him. The organization trusts him. And so we should have had faith. I should have had faith in Mike Tomlin knowing over the last 17, 18 years, he's been nothing but exemplary. Mike Tomlin would ask post game about the similarities, the difference between Jane Daniels and Lamar Jackson. Man be real slow comparing people to Lamar Jackson. That's a multi, that's a multi-time. MVP, that's Mr. Jackson. We'll see Mr. Jackson in a few days. Yeah. Yeah. You can't compare the two.


Now there there are two things that they do alike. They can run the ball. They can throw the ball, but they Yeah. Two completely different type of players all together. All Together. Yeah. I mean, but look, just because somebody's black and they can run the football and throw the football, that'll mean they Lamar


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball the Blindside and Liars Poker On. Every season of my podcast, Against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling Listen to Against, the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Podcasts. Let's get to this game. The chief stay undefeated with a blocked field goal. The chief leads the NFL in seven one possession wins this season the most. One score game by the Super Bowl champ is nine. Both by the 2015 Broncos and the 1986 Giants. Hey, Broncos played good. Hey, can I tell, Didn't I tell you had conversation would be surprised They got Broncos d the boys play good.


Yes. They always play good. This is division game. This is a divisional game. And most of the time when you play within the division, the games are always close again. The chief looked like they look, they've looked the entirety of the season, always fighting it a way to win. It's unfortunate. Yep. But the Broncos should have won this game today. And what it came, you know, obviously it came down to a block field, field goal at the end. And I'm, I'm gonna let you slide, I'm gonna let you slide because I was gonna say, if your team lost today, I don't want, but listen, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm even have the energy right now. You know, you, you know why I don't have the energy right now. So I'm gonna let you slide tonight and just say that it, it was, it was a good game.


Yeah. And it was a good game. Even though I was impressed with the Broncos defense. You got a heavy heart right now and a lot on your mind. I do understand. Nah, I don't have no heavy heart. I don't know about that. You got a heavy heart. You got a heavy heart. I know. Hold on. Lemme take, lemme take my shades off so you can see my eyes. I'm good broh. You hear me? You don't mean it. Oh, Remember what I told you? Listen, stay with me real quick, right? You no, right here. Gonna football. Okay. You know how to compartmentalize, right? Yes. You know how to manage your expectations, right?


Based on situation. Right? Okay, I'm gonna leave it at there. Let's talk about the game. I'm good boy. Now you done fired the coach. You done demoted the offensive coordinator. Well, the defense gave up 31. Well, you know, the offense is allowed to score more than six. Absolutely. Because that's the One thing I like about football. It's not like when you play one on one, you play make it, take it. I make a basket, I get take it back out again. Now in football, I score a touchdown. I kick it off. You, you could score too, But they, they, they, they, they not gonna have. They ain't, they ain't have nobody. Ain't nobody, nobody else to fire. Ain't nobody else to blame.


You fired Halah. See, the thing is like, you gotta be careful. You gotta be careful when you do things for the wrong reasons. See, a lot of, a lot of this has to do and a lot of this has to do with him being mad at the Packers for drafting Jordan Love. So I'm gonna go, go show you that. I still got something left. Yeah. If you're not Ocho you've heard me say it a lot. If you're not careful, you'll become the bad thing you despise the most in a person. The guy that preceded him, what did he do? He got mad because they took a quarterback. And where did he go first when he left Green Bay?


That's the chance. Same thing. Same, same thing. I mean, Devonte Adams had 13 targets. He caught six passes for 31 yards. Damn. You probably thinking I could have stayed where I was, did exactly this and kept I think the state income tax in Jersey, New York, wherever it's about 10%. I pay nothing. And the state income tax in New York, new Jersey's gotta be like 10%. 10. Who? I ca I ca I'll catch, I'll catch all the end of my career. I'll pay you back later.


What state Jersey is? 10.75. Almost 11 because he stays in Jersey so we don't have to do New York, but he stays in Jersey. Nobody stays in the city. New York's 11. So he's playing 10 on that 10. 10.75%. That's Crazy. Well, you know, I had that is Yeah. Hiding giraffe hoo. But here's the thing, Ocho, that's the thing. You just think, see what Peyton and because remember when Peyton gotta Denver, they went 13 and three, they won like seven, eight games in a row, had the number one seed.


Baltimore did come in and knock them off in the division round. Peyton finished second in the MVP voting. The next year they go to the Super Bowl. Peyton, they break all the records. Peyton over 5,400 passes of yards. NFL record 55 touchdowns, NFL record, go to the Super Bowl the following year. Peyton throws 39 touchdowns. We see what Tom does his first year there. So we like, hey, they do it. You expect Aaron to Things. Those are two natural born leaders. Natural people gravitate towards him. You, you don't see Aaron as a leader, huh?


I mean, just your own personal opinion out outside of the dump. All I, all I know is what, what what I've, what Ive read, witnessed what I've read with coaches. Oh, okay. I see what you mean. Not coaches. Excuse me. What I've read when the reports about the the CEO Mark Murphy. Aaron, don't you be the problem? They don't consult with him when they didn't consult with him when they let somebody go, Damn. The mere fact of how he does thing when Mike Williams, oh, I would expecting Mike Williams to do this and he red line and he he he was supposed to red line, he got, bro, why would you do that?


Yeah, You can't throw, you can't throw your play under the bus. Why would you do that? Name the time you've ever heard Peyton Manning name the time you've ever heard Peyton or Tom Brady, because this is the guy that he wants to be in the category with. When have Tom Brady ever thrown somebody under the bus? When does Peyton Manning ever throw somebody? They'll Eat eat every time They'll eat it and then have the conversation with the guys. Like, look, you know I was expecting to be on the red line, right? Not run the end cut. Yeah. Every chance he get, what does he do? You saw him in Green Bay? Yeah. Hey, speaking of Mike being on the red line, you know they had that exact same play today, Mike. Oh, Mike had just had that exact same play today with the cover zero and the corner for sitting there, squat waiting on the slant, waiting on to pass real Quick.


Yeah, bro, Ocho you can't stand that far inside. You can't give a receiver that count free release to let him just run straight up the field. And he, he in the inside, which made it even worse And, and pushed him farther Inside. Yeah, that was a good play. That was a good play by Mike. These guys here? Yeah. Ocho these guys are too good if you don't put hands on him. Oh, But see, remember it was covered zero. So he was off. Huh? Remember he he was sitting, he was sitting, he was sitting off. Yeah. Yes, But Ocho you can't be that far inside. Tripping. He was tripping Because if he think about it, you already two yards inside. If he stem you inside now you gonna be three to four.


You give that guy so much area to just throw the ball and ru throw as good a deep ball as everybody I call like they called it a little moon ball and bucket. You got no chance to recover. I don't care how fast you is. No, no. You can't come from that. And you give, he give him a big target because he got all this to drop it over. He can't, he ain't gotta drop it down what we call trying to, he don't have to drop it down. Chimney. I got a big old radius that I can throw it into. I can throw it here, I can throw it here. I can let you catch it over here because I'm not worried about the d the DB is, is so far behind. And then if I throw it over his shoulder, I can use my body ocho he's gotta come through me to break the play up.


Yeah. But I, I, I don't think it, I don't, I don't, I don't know. Maybe Jeff's fans are surprised, but I'm not. I hell, I'm surprised honestly. I thought, I thought, I thought things would've been different. I was giving Aaron Rodgers his praise for what I felt he was gonna be able to do on the field. I didn't really care about the stuff he was doing off of it. You know, do whatever the hell you want to off of it. But I'm, I'm thinking He be, he has, I'm expecting him to look like maybe not the Aaron Rogers, the bold, just gimme 50% of that gimme 50, 50, 60% of the old Aaron Rogers. And I thought, you know the Jets, they gonna be on one. They gonna be fired. Well he talking about ca he talking about Kellyann water. Li who's that?


How'd that work out for him today? Cayenne? Yeah. Cayenne water, cayenne pepper, water and lemon. Or it's the fountain of youth even had to, he even had to kicker the drill. The field go, oh yeah, this thing is working bro. That stuff don't work. Look, I understand all that cleanse and you go to these holistic places and they give you all that stuff That I get it. I ain't never heard no cayenne. I I know about the Porsche. Cayenne, Cayenne, cayenne pepper. They put cayenne pepper and they put water lemon. I mean, what, what did, what did what what he had you talking about the discover the fountain of you. You bro, clearly you don't watch yourself play because ain't nothing youthful about you.


Ain't nothing I, I'm not breaking in new chat. Do y'all think there's anything youthful about Aaron Rodgers play? Does he cayenne pepper water? Does he move like he once did? Absolutely not. The Volume.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball the Blindside and Liars Poker On. the latest season of my podcast, Against the Rules. I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules Listen to Against. the Rules on the iHeartRadio app apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


I.