
Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage sale prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bitch. You can make und DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the rack with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like six times two divided by one. Carry the a a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store doing tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Oh, Joe, check this out. Longtime Cowboy DeMarcus t Lawrence signed with the Seattle Seahawks this week. T took some shots at the Cowboys when he got there. Let's take a listen to the video courtesy of Hawk Blogger on YouTube. Take a listen to this. Ocho No, Dallas is my home. I made my home there. You know, my family lives there. You know, I'm forever gonna be there, but You know, I know for sure I'm not gonna win a Super Bowl there. So Yeah. We here We here. DeMarcus Lawrence, welcome to the Seahawk. Thanks for joining us. Mm. Wow. Hold on. Ocho Michael Parsons in this Is this what rejection and envy look like?


This some clown ish d law responded. Calling me a clown won't change the fact that I told the truth. Maybe if you spent less time tweeting and more time winning, I wouldn't have left Demon. I like it. I like it. Why? I like it. I like it. Listen. Wow. I like they don't really feel like that about each other, but You know, You know how, You know when somebody leaves and they go somewhere else and they understand and they see how the culture is and, and listen, the the, the Seahawks won the Super Bowl. How, how long ago? How long ago that was on? That wasn't that long ago now. 2012. 20. Okay. That that, Nah, 20. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. 2020. 2013. 2013.


Listen, the Ravens won in 2012. They won 2013. They won more more recently than the Cowboys have. I could tell you that. Correct. And Mr. Mr. Lawrence who's been in Dallas for a very long time and understanding why they haven't won one as opposed to how the fans see why they haven't won one. And understanding that Jerry's bottom line isn't really about winning but making money. He actually has the ground to stand on. Being able to say that now he's going somewhere else because you can see how things are run. He can see how things are run. Well hell, they haven't won a Super Bowl or trying to win one or bullying building the type of team to win one in a very long time. They haven't. So he is just telling the truth and understand Micah, Micah has to do, you gotta come, you got, you gotta defend your team.


You gotta you gotta defend your guard. Yeah. For me, Ocho you have to be careful when you go to another team because You know the emotion of it And you like, oh yeah, I'm so happy to be here. We are so much. This team is so much better than the team that I left. So you have to be careful of that. 'cause it's easy to get caught up into that. 'cause I remember having my press conference and I was like, I wanted to say certain things, but I had to be like, okay, Shannon, come on now. You be a be the bigger person. You are happy that you enjoyed your 10 years in Denver. It was an opportunity. A somebody gonna give you another opportunity to be what you were. Right. And you appreciate that. I'm a little surprised that that, that I'm surprised D Law said what he said.


I'm surprised Michael said what he said. And I'm really, really surprised. D Law responded, Man. Not really. How, how could you not, how could you not? You got, you got two people that love each other. You know, hurt people hurt. It hurt people. Hurt people. Oh, that ain't real. Yes, true. We talking about two dudes that play the same position that been on the team, You know, three, four years happen. How many years they been together? They don't really feel like that. He just, What I thought, I thought you, I thought you and I said that. Just because we play together all me, we, we, we, we, we like That. Even so, but they get along. Huh? I'm telling, I'm telling you. I I knew them boys. You know, they ain't no feelings. You call I'm Do lemme you ever call, you ever call TJ a clown? You ever call TJ a clown?


Nah. You ever called Carson a clown? No. Or, or TO You ever call Corey di a clown? No. No, no, no, no. Oh, damn. I'm trying to figure out, you ever call Big Willie Willie, my homeboy from, from the eighth You ever called Willie Clown? Nah, You know, You know you, you what the Hang on you mean to together. You ain't called nobody no clown that you still cool With. You gotta understand. I I'm an offensive player and I get along with everybody. I'm just trying to figure out. So who have you called a clown that you love And you cool with? Nobody. I think I love everybody. I, that's my problem. That's my, I think that's my problem. But again, you can, I mean this, this football unc You know, it, this, that's, that's, that's love talking.


That's her talking. Man. I used to go to war with you boy. What you talking about? We used to watch film. We used to study film together. What you talking about? We was in the weight room together. What is you talking about? Lemme ask you a question. Ocho name the three people that'll tell you the truth. Drunk kids, angry people. Mm. They'll tell you, listen, that's, Hey, I'm can, can I say something real quick? Yeah. Okay. Anytime someone is angry at you, whatever they tell you when they're angry, you have to hang on to that because that's how they really Well you just said he didn't mean that. You said, well, my compartment rejection even looked like there's some clown stuff.


Hold on. You told me not to mention that On now. Hold on. Stay you now. Okay. I, I really, I really wasn't talking. I really wasn't talking mail to mail. Now just, I'm just throwing it out there for, for the fellas. You gotta stay with me. Okay? Oh. So when a Phoebe, when a woman tells you that you I'm hanging on everybody tell me that. You gotta you gotta hang on that because listen, when they drunk, they'll tell you how they really feel when they angry or they, they, they, they give you everything. Everything you wish fuck. Oh, that's how you okay. A drug because the drug mouth is so false. Hey. Okay, bet I'm, I'm gonna put that, I'm gonna put that in my back pocket and I'm hold onto it. And you, you can't never forget nothing.


But listen, You know, You know them boy, them boys, them that ain't serious like that now ain't serious. I ha I do have, I have to defend my team. Well, since you taking a shot at me, you calling me a cloud. Well, I tell you what. Well if you ask, get off goddamn damn, stop tweeting and doing whatever you doing. Maybe we win more than I wouldn't have left. And you were gonna leave regardless. 'cause they were finna pay you. He wasn't staying no way. But I'm just, you see, you see what I'm saying? It's just, I ain't just, just bickering back and forth, You know, two friends. I get it. Yeah. Now why? I bet you see, I bet you see in a video or picture something sometime later on in the season. Watch before the, That what you're thinking. I mean, I didn't, I didn't, I mean, look, D Law been there for a minute.


Second round draft pick, played a number of years there. Had a hell of a career in Dallas. I I would've never thought he would leave. Right? Because one thing Jerry does Jerry take care of his players guys that he draft, he believes in played Haing, his homegrown talent. And DD law has been there for at least a decade. Maybe longer, maybe longer. But he felt it was time for him to move on. He wanted to be in a situation that he felt gave him a better opportunity. Excuse me, to win. I'm sure the money what, three years? 15 million or? Yeah. I mean, I'm saying per year, three years. 45 million if I'm not mistaken on Joe. Don't quote me on that. I, I think I read something. I didn't know anything about this until like, we just get ready to come on the show and, and ask Ash test text me asking me did I see this.


I didn't. 'cause I was exhausted. I came in and went to bed. Mm. I ain't, I ain't gonna lie. I came in and went to bed, man. I like Woo. Oh, he played 11 season of Dallas. He's about to play his his 12th season. Wow. I like, I I I like it. Matter of fact, where a schedule at? Do the Cowboys play the Seahawks this year? That's what I wanna know. No, that now that's what I'm talking about. Give me, give gimme, make it a little bit more entertaining. Have a few Well I would feel, I would feel more entertaining if one was on offense and one was Okay.


I understand. But You know what I'm saying. Don't show both of them on side. So they're never gonna come in contact. It's kinda like me And you talking trash each other. You on offense. I'm on offense. I Even if we play the same side of the ball and we going at it, that mean now we gotta show up. Now who gonna be more productive? Who gonna have the better game? Who gonna get the most he get the most sax, whatever it may be. How, who's going to impact the game more Even if we do play the same position? That's wonderful. It don't matter because when I was on the Ravens, if I was talking trash to a another offensive player, I already know my staff is gonna be better than yours. 'cause you were gonna do jackfish. No, not against that. Oh Yeah. Oh no. So it didn't matter.


It didn't matter. It didn't matter what I did. I might have one catch. That one's gonna be more and more than you got. That's what I know. That's what I know. And if you did get a catch, you gonna wish you hadn't have caught it because they were gonna put hats on your ass. So for me, yes. I love arguing with D lineman. That's who I got into the most arguing with rest his soul. Taz Taz Kennedy rest his soul. Chester mgl. I stayed into it with him. Yeah, I stayed every, every time we played. There's not one game that I didn't when Chad was with the Raiders or Kansas City that I didn't get into it with him.


Chad was, Ted was the same way. Sam Adams too. Sam Sam. Yeah. He came one of my best friends. But boy, hey. Nah man. And lineman gets so upset, they're like, man, you ain't gotta block him. I was like, well hey, hey, that ain't got nothing to do with me. He talking crazy to me. What you think I'm gonna do? Let him talk crazy to me. And because y'all gotta block him. Don't turn crazy back, man. I wish I might put your big boy pants on. Buckle up. Forget you Roy. But that, hey those was some great old, that was some great times also. Yeah. Josh Allen was asked why did, why did, why he didn't look to break that Dak Prescott 60 million per year record contract extension.


I know it's weird to say, but what's 5 million more gonna do for my life right now that I can't already do? I've lived a really good life. I got a house, got a car, we're good. Do you like Josh saying this? I love it. Ocho we are not talking about it. Ocho what the hell can I, what can't I do with a hundred with 330 million that I can't, that I can do with 400 million. So he is saying I'm making 55. What can I do with 55 million that I could only do with 60 million? What? Once you get to a certain number, it's like, like Elon Musk is the, is the world's richest man. Let's just say he worth 3 million Ocho.


What can, what can I do with a hundred billion? What can I do with two 50 billion? What can I do with 10 billion that I absolutely need to do to have that? Yeah. Hey, So he is like, bro, 55, 60. Do you see how I got a quarter of a Billy guaranteed a quarter of a bill? Damn that I, you could, and look, if you going guarantee me a quarter of a Billy, I'll make 40 million if you gonna guarantee a quarter of a Billy ocha. So I I, me personally not to cut you off Ocho. I love that he said that. Tell me what you think. I Mean, I like it. It makes sense.


It makes, if makes some sweet sense. Who would argue the fact? I'm just curious. Who would argue the fact back out outside of some of a Nobody. You, You Know what happens when you get greedy, right? It, it only, it only makes sense. Pigs eat well. Hogs get slaughtered. Hey man, ho, stay right there. Stay right there. Stay man. You better stop. Boy, you better stop playing. You better bring that, listen, hold on, hold on. Bring it to me slow now. Yeah.


Pigs eat good. Hogs get slaughtered. I don't, I don't what scenario I'm gonna be able to use this in conversation or argument, but it, it is, it's, it's, I'm feeling it. Greed, Greed, money. That's what it's talking about. Greed. But like, like Josh said, Josh's like at the end of the day, and the thing is like what Mahomes did is like, okay, he got that big number but, and we knew Mahomes, if, if Josh is worth a quarter with Billy, how much is a guy that's been to five Super Bowls, 1, 3, 2 League MVPs, 3 5, 3 3 Super Bowl MVPs. What, what's that worth? But he's like, You know what, at the end of the day, I need to be able to surround my surround myself because tall, I can't win this thing by myself.


Myself. No matter how great I am, I need people around me. I lo I mean look, football players have to have that because there's a jab. Baseball players are always, for the most part going to get the most money because they keep trying to, they keep trying to push the si the salaries through the feeling. And so you see ain't no, ain't no what's his name? Soto. Juan Soto at point taking a 500 Boy Yeah. Taking 500 million when there's somebody out there that got 700 million for it. You know guys, they're not doing that 'cause they don't like, look, it's not my responsibility because there is no cap Ocho.


Right. So it is like, hey, whatever the market will bear, whatever the team is willing to pay, that's where we going. So if we got 2, 3, 4 guys on the team that's making 200 million, 250 million. Yeah. So be it. So absolutely be it. But I love, I love what Josh said. And look, I'm not going to tell anybody what they should or shouldn't do. Josh said I'm good at 55. Yeah. I don't need 60 because anything that I wanted at 50, if I need 60 to do it, I'm gonna be f He. He that's me. He kept it, he kept it in the realm also from a, from a point of being paid where I'm still being paid with the best.


But also we can instruct point Yeah. And continue to build around me so I can be able to contend to compete. Not only get to the, not only get to the a FC championship, but also be able to compete and contend for a Super Bowl as well. So I'm gonna take 55. I'm not gonna take sissy 'cause I take sissy. Yes. It gonna take some, some of the potential off the table for me based on what I can put around me to help improve my team. I ain't playing For five. You ain't gonna low ball me too much now. No, no, no, no ball too much. No, no. You not going. Oh. So you gonna low ball me? Gimme a quarter Billy. Guarantee low ball ball. You want to, you can gimme 5 million a year. Hey, long as I know I quarter bill I that guarantee is right.


Huh? Oh for yo. Absolutely, absolutely. Look, I I, I don't look, I don't tell anybody what he or she, he or she should do. That's you, you making the best decision for you. I don't have a problem with Josh and his mentality right now. Somebody like Chase and Chase says, nah bro, y'all made me wait. I need all of that. If I'm not mistaken, Josh had four years left on the deal. Yeah, listen, you gotta understand they view the quarterback position a lot, a lot different than other positions. A lot different. And you have to understand the Bengals as well. What the Bengals won't do. You're not going bully.


You are not gonna bully them. They've shown that countless time when car upset. Oh no. When Carson wanted, wanted, wanted, wanted out or he, he, he didn't see fit and said, I'm not coming back until I'm traded, whatever it may be. There've been other issues as well. Hell, I even, I even tried to try being upset but they showed me. Yeah, yeah. Okay. That ain't fitting work. So then they weren't gonna set a precedent. Even with Chase having two years left on a deal. Okay, we gonna pay you early. That's not us. That's not what we do. We don't care who you are. And they've proven that and they've stood firm on that stance regardless to who it's been. So I understand he gonna get his money this year though. North of 40.


But lemme tell you what you do if, but see here's the thing, Ocho, you have to think a year or two in advance before you even decide to come on now. So now, hey ba, if if I'm married baby, hey no extravagant spending, we gonna lock this thing down because I feel we might be in a protracted holdout. Oh. So now I gotta make sure everything is lined up because they know my money where it is. They know so long as they know I got 30 million or I'm sitting on 30 million, I'll sit out these first eight, nine games, I'll come back. 'cause I gotta make sure I'm vested. I gotta make sure I'm not gonna give 'em a whole year. Y'all gonna do something y'all won't pay me. I hey I'm gonna go somewhere else and get paid then because y'all not finna do this.


Y'all told me last year y'all gonna pay me. I come out and have one of the great seasons in NFL history and now y'all talk about y'all not gonna pay me again. Oh, that's not gonna happen. No, that's not gonna happen. I'm sorry y'all paid everybody else. Y'all ain't got no problem paying everybody else. But now all of a sudden y'all don't wanna pay me. Oh gimme me, gimme me. I need all that. And then you hear Ocho they won a first round draft pick for Trey Hendrickson. Ain't nobody gonna give you that. Y'all want me to give y'all a first round draft pick and pay a 30 million. Well You don't think someone is willing to give up the back to Toback 17?


Absolutely not. Because I know you can't keep it. I know you can't keep it. Why would I pay Hardball? I sure am to say, lemme ask you a question Ocho, why didn't somebody trade for Cooper Cub? Because they knew the Ram was gonna cut it. Oh yeah, They oh they wanna take it on that salary. Come on now. Yeah, no, you want me to give Mocho you want me to give you a first round pick and pay him 30 bucks. Right, right, right, right, right, right. Okay. We Hey listen, we on the same page. We on the same page. Yes. Yeah, for sure. So no, I don't have a problem with Josh, but I, if somebody says no, I want all the money, I ain't got no problem with them because anybody that, anybody that goes through the fire, you deserve whatever you, whatever you think you can get and whatever that team will pay.


Right. But it just goes to show you. But like you said, they didn't have to do anything but it just, Hey, he won the MVP, he's been a model citizen for all the indications. He's been great in the community. I ain't got no problem. I have no problem with them paying him. I have no problem with him leaving a little money on the table. I ain't got no problem with it. That's, that's, that's an individual man. I mean, he could have left something for who? You ain't out here taking these licks. You ain't out here, you ain't training, you ain't away from your family and talking about what I should do. Nah, you should keep your mouth closed because I'm gonna do what I'm gonna do. What's in the best interest stuff, Shannon? What I don't like too, I think, I think what you don't like fans are confusing and saying, oh, t Higgins making 26.


Oh, that's, that's enough. That's a lot. He should be well off with that. I mean the I they need to stop comparing themselves and put them in, in the, in the, in the shoes of athletes and, and and what they should or should not get or should or should not be because you're not out, you're going the meetings. Oh, not get oh Joe. But they're looking at, but a lot of times fans looking at it from their perspective. And let's just say, let's just say if I take a fan and I say, okay, you make 150,000, of course 26 million is a lot of money to you. But if you feel you make, you should make 300,000 and somebody, and somebody and your boss say without 150, there's plenty to you.


You gonna look at him sideways. You can't, you have to look at it from an athlete's perspective and the prism and the arena that he or she's in. You can't just say, of course, if I'm making $75,000 a year and somebody offered me a hundred a a a million dollars a year. Yes, I bet we we Ocho we get there. Yes. You talking about a guy that you talking about a guy that made $5 a day. So if I'm making $5 a day and somebody gonna pay me 60,000 a year, you damn right, I'm gonna take it. Or if I'm making, I I made one, one summer, I made $337. Now you mean to tell me somebody gonna gimme me $200,000.


So yeah, when you look at it in your terms, that's an exorbitant amount of money. But when you look at a guy and he's already making 15 million and he's put up these type of numbers, no, that's not enough for him. Based on what He does, they don't And he's not gonna lay They don't view it like that. The fans don't view it like that. I I I wish they were able to separate the two, but, and I, I like that a lot of Bangal fans that got onto me simply about my issues with, with t being able to hit the open market because I'm, I'm understanding, understanding what t can get and what he's deserving and why fans want a stay for their own selfish reasons.


They wanna stay for their own selfish reasons, just keeping the band together. And I'm looking at, You know, for long, long term, You know, based on what he's been able to do despite, even, even with injuries that he's had. Because I understand how good he is once he hits the court, I mean, hit the court. I'm see, once he hits the field, I I know what you get. So I know he gonna get well, well north of 30, 32, 33 if he hits the open market. That's, that's, that's all I'm saying. And people saying, why wouldn't you want him to stay? He needs to stay 26 5 is enough. I mean, man, I that's that's, that's not what it's about. That's not what it's about. Listen, as I love my Bengals live, live each shift, sleep die Bengals.


But I also understand that he's deserving what he is. I understand how this this works. You don't take home team discounts. Yeah. On your first deal, you don't do. No, not the first one. Maybe the second or the third one. But not because people look at like, hold on man, miles done got two deals, now you done got two max deals ain't took no discount. Now if he want to take a discount on the third one, that's his, that's his prerogative. But if he doesn't, that's also his prerogative. I don't feel I should be obligated to, to help a billionaire stay. A billionaire fans don't, fans don't look at it. Fans like, oh, we pay your salary. Well, you pay the owner, you help that owner become a billionaire too.


Absolutely. But you don't look at it like that. Y'all just look at the player because the likelihood you see, the, the greater likelihood that you're gonna bump into the, the player in the grocery store, at the car wash the mall as opposed to the owner. So you feel a connection to that player. Like, oh, while y'all talking about y'all play player salary, lemme ask you a question. Who y'all ain't paying for them yachts That these owners that you feel Jerry Jones, that are Jeffrey Lu, that are Arthur Blank, who y'all paying for them One that continue to show up concession stands. Oh, Who y'all, who playing for that helicopter laying on that by practice field at Jerry's world.


Hmm. Talk to him. Don't talk to, So y'all ain't got no problem. Y'all don't have no problem paying for that. But when a player ask for, oh, Okay. I I don't, Hey, ain't no thing y'all, hey, y'all wanna pay y'all pay? Hey y like look, y'all paying y'all rather pay a billionaire and help him stay there ever. Because guess what? Those owners are gonna be owners a lot longer than these players gonna be players. Now you figure it out. Now you tell me. Gotta get as much as you can. Why? Why? Hey, why the stove is hot? What play, what NFL player, what NFL player has played long as Jerry Jones been the owner, what player has played long as Mr.


Kraft has been the owner? I'm just curious. So y'all been playing, y'all been playing their salaries and those big homes for those yachts and those mansions, no problem. But now, okay, we cool. We good Ojo, we who can the, who says he will not be getting married until he wins the Super Bowl? I don't think I'm ready to get married anytime soon. I'm trying to win a Super Bowl. Ocho. Right. I mean, What you think Ocho I like it. I mean, depending on where you are in life, I think that that scenario we talked about night before last and maybe last night simply about the quarterbacks and how things come into fruition, how life changes for the better when you get married, when you have that structure and discipline on your hip, a man that finds a wife find it a good thing for the quarterback situation.


For some reason. Life. Life, it just, everything falls in falls in order. You know, it's like, it's like a domino effect. The receiving, I'm not sure it affects you in either way. So I understand Putin Naco is focus to wanna focus on winning a championship, which he has a good chance of doing. Especially with the addition of my guy, the greatest rock runner of all time outside of myself and Devonte Adams, Matthew Stafford at the helm. You know Mr. Gunslinger himself, he has a good chance to do that. So I, I get And you see the quarterback, they getting to know Joe. Yeah. You see Josh Allen got engaged. Dak Prescott got engaged, Jalen hurt, got engaged. Patrick Mahomes got married early. I mean, you look at, I I don't think, I don't think Joe is engaged or anything.


I don't know if he's, I got another scenario for you. I don't even, I don't even what's Think Dak pro Dak Prescott had gotten paid yet. D Dak Prescott gets engaged and gets married. Something that of that sort. And all of a sudden, boom, 60 million just came outta nowhere. I'm like, wait a minute, She Oh, that wait minute. Hey, I'm go, Hey, I'm Finn to grab, go grab somebody dog. Damn they giving out a corner field. Damn. Listen, UNC, it's something about it. Now, now, now listen to me. I have, I, you, I, I told you I've been trying to, I trying to get you on the same page for a very long time. Bull Gotta pull the trigger. I'm telling you, man. Listen. 20, listen, I got, it's 20, 25, right?


Yeah. I'm, I'm gonna take this year. I'm gonna take this year. I'm gonna relax. I'm gonna work, I'm gonna grind. I'm gonna have some, I'm, no, I'm not gonna, I ain't gonna have no mother no fun. I'm gonna grind the top of 2026. I'm going into 2026 with a ring on my finger. I'm getting married. I ain't got, I ain't got, I ain't got time to play. I ain't got time to play. But life is short. I'm on the back half now. I ain't got, I ain't got that many more good years left in me. You hear me? I ain't alright. I ain't got, You know what? I, I ain't got too many more. I'm talking about good years. I'm talking about good years. Good. Oh listen, my twenties, my thirties. Well I'm finna be 50. Oh, I ain't got time to be playing man.


What, what we, what we talking about? What? Think about it. What we talking about. Like really think about where we are in life. Seriously. We done played around in our twenties having fun. We done played around in our thirties having fun. We done played around in our forties. I'm finna be 50. What we doing baby? I'm finna get married. Got time for this shit. Excuse me. I ain't mean to. I've been, I've been doing real good. Talk to me. You remember the song? Come On. Don't make me cry now. Gee, isn't it funny how time just slips on away?


I told you I don't measure my life in years. I measure my life. Yes sir. Summers and I, I'm constantly thinking, I'm waiting on my blood work to come back so I can see what my is everything's okay. My physical, based on my family history, probably somewhere between high end, probably 20 summers based on my family history. Mom, dad, family history, so forth and so on. You right. Ocho On that. Come on there. Go. Hey, come on. Right. That's what I'm talking about.


FC that's growth right there. That's, that's, that's quote, It's, it, it's, it's time. It's time to get serious. Yeah. I'm with you when you're writing there. Come on. Take, take your time. It's just all this, You know, you win awards. You've, you've lived your dream, you've done a great job trying to raise kids. And there are times I think like, damn, everything that I've accomplished, take the football aside. That's, yeah.


Now who are you doing it for? Why you're doing it. And don't you want somebody to share that ride with? Come on man. I'm sure driving cross country is, is fun. But I think it's a, i I think it's better if you drive across country with Listen Without no Thelma, there was no Louise. What would be the point of Thelma if there was no league? No Louis. He got Clyde. But who the hell was C Clive without Bonnie? Huh? Without Wheezy. There's no George. If it wasn't for Tom, who the hell was gonna chase Jerry?


So we need a, we need a partner. We need a call Somebody. Man. Some of the greatest stories in life is always two. It always has been. But You know, I you feeling good in your twenties? Oh, this ain't worried about it. I'm gonna find me somebody. You feeling good in your thirties? Oh man, don't worry about it. I'm gonna run through this little decade of thirties. Don't worry about it, man. I done ran through my forties. Oh man. What I'm doing, I'm looking at my watch. Like, wait a minute. I'm on the, I'm on the back end now. I'm on the back half. I done climb the mountain and I'm scaling over the mountain now to go downhill.


Man, what we talking about? And the time went by so fast. It did bro. This absolutely. And it just dawned on me like not too long ago, man, what the am I doing? Like I'm, I'm just acting like I can't get this time back. I'm wasting. So it make it easy for me to move a certain way based on, I can't get this back. I can't now if I was in my twenties, I understand. Okay. I could, I could play a little longer. You know, I'm my thirties, You know, I, I could play, You know, I still got time, man. Shh. Boy. I'm thinking about one thing about that time.


You can't get it back and it do not stop. Nope. It do not stop man. Please. Ocho gives his list of best wide receiver duos at Chad Johnson. He got number one, chase Higgins, number two, AJ Brown, Devonte Smith, number three, Jetta and Addison. Number four, Evans and Godwin. Five Almond Ross, Saint Brown, Jay Mo number six, hill Waddle, number seven Lu Lu Atlanta Atlanta's Drake, London, and Mooney. And the rest haven't played as a unit yet. Yeah, Lemme go to that. All right. I, I had, I had to pull that, I had to stand up for this too. 'cause You know, I got excited about this one. Obviously I'm not, I'm not being biased.


I actually have chasing Higgins first four reason. Hell I played for the goddamn bagels and they are phenomenal. You won. Listen, AJ Brown and Devonte Smith, they just won the Super Bowl. Yes. Now again, they do, they, oh my God, how do I say this? I I, and I don't mean to be rude, I don't mean to be rude, they don't throw the ball as much over in Philly as opposed to the Bengals. You know, you, you, You know what I mean? But AJ Brown and Devonte Smith are one hell of a dual down there in Philly. Jetta and God Jordan Addison, boy, they had a hell of a season regardless of who the quarterback is. Sam Donald comes in there. JJ McCarthy gets hurt. They do what they do best.


Phenomenal duo. Evans and Godwin. What more can I say? They did it with Tom Brady and they did it with Bank of Mayfield and they gonna do it again this year. Amman Ross, Amman, Ross, Saint Brown and Jaymo Nasty work. Nasty, nasty work. Now the only reason I have Tyreek Ke and Waddle so low, and then the quotations that got quarterback injury, that, You know, Oey tool got hurt and everybody's numbers were affected by that. Listen, I got London Mooney Mooney at Seven Mooney. Yeah. They darn Mooney the rest, the rest of 'em, they haven't played together. I just look good because, because of the names that Together.


You looking at DK and George Pickens, you looking at Devonte Adams and pca naco. Yeah. I mean, listen, the names are good. They just haven't played together. So I need, I didn't even give a number. You need to see something. I, I'm just curious, Chad, I you like my list. Would, would you change it? I mean, I, the order to me, I think it is good. The the way I have it. Yeah. I mean look, I think to would change, first of all, I'm not so sure I changed anything Ocho I would have Chase and Higgins too, because Chase is the best receiver in football. Now some people might say, I don't know, it might be Jetta, but I think Chase right now is the number one. Right? Right. So I don't think anybody's gonna say AJ is better than him or Mike, Evan, say Brown, any of those guys.


I think Chase, I mean the Triple Crown validates who, what we know. Right, right, right. And then Higgins, so, okay, Higgins, Devonte, it is close. Yeah. But I think because Chase is number one, I I like that group. Okay. I like AJ and Smitty. Me, sometimes I, I, I get a little, I i I get a little perplexed and I'm like, damn aj like he won the Super Bowl, but he is like complaining about catches. But I, I get it. But then again, I don't At This point, at this point in Time Mojo, I won. Not that, not now. After I won the Super Bowl, it's all about celebration. Right? It's all about celebration.


Right. Me, I have this conversation behind closed doors with Jalen, with Jalen Hertz. Yeah. The new OC Sirianni, I mean, oh, Joe. He just like, that's just me. Yeah. You know what? I don't like Unc. What this is the business side of things. You talk about him not having a production. Right. Or him not getting the catches or him not having the yards that he should because You know that, You know how they gonna play with him later. You know what they gonna do to him? Right? They gonna come talk to him. Right. They gonna say, You know what, maybe a year or two from now, now based on your salary and what you making and the numbers you putting up, it really ain't making no sense paying you this kind of money when your production ain't what it should be.


Look at your numbers. So they'll use it against him. So I understand what he doing and why he wants to argue the fact, well I want the catches. I need the catches so the production matches what my salary is. Right. So the minute your production don't match what your salary is, what's the first thing they wanna do? They either wanna let you go or they want you to take a pay cut O Joe. But You know, you going to Jalen Hearst, you're not gonna have the numbers that, that, that, that, that Chase has. Yeah, I know they got Sequan back then. What receiver? I'm just saying it's Different. Oh. So what receiver, You know what receiver, You know, got a 2000 yard rusher and they got a hundred catch receiver and a 1500 yard receiver with 15 touchdowns. When you got a 2000, do You know how many carriers you gotta get for 2000 yards?


Listen, I'm with you when you write, I'm with you when you write, Check this out. Free agent quarterback Mac Jones is signing with the 49 ERs 200 deal. $7 million with 5 million guaranteed. Jones wanted the opportunity to work with 49 ERs head coach Kyle Shanahan. Will Kyle Shanahan be able Yes. May revive Mike, Mike Jones' career? Yes. Because I, for all intents and purposes, don't, Joe, we thought that's where he was going at, at before they traded up to take Trey Lance. Right? I thought that would have been perfect. Right? 'cause you mean to tell me I believe he's just as athletic or I'm just as strong as Bro Brady.


Hold on. Because think about if you took M Jones and where you were, you'd have kept all those first round picks, right? You wouldn't have had to give up all of that. But hey, I do think, I do think, because I think M Jones was really good in his rookie season. Yeah. When he had an offensive head. When he had an offensive coordinator. Right. Josh McDaniel in his ear. Some reason, some for some unknown reason to me, like, oh, You know what, I think we gonna put two guys in his ear that's never called an offensive player in their life. I think that'll work out okay. Ocho ITT Was terrible. Didn't it? Didn't, it didn't. But hold on. I got a question, huh? Yeah. Something you just said when you said about him going to the 49 ERs about reviving something about him playing the position of quarterback.


Now, if I'm not mistaken, they do have Brock Purdy Brock Pur Who command the 35 $40 million salary coming up soon, huh? Yeah. So exactly, exactly what part of reviving his quarterback career is Shanahan gonna do. He gonna get an opportunity to see how you do things. And guess what? Maybe Brock Purdy say he don't wanna play. Well, he don't want that because sometimes I gotta have, I gotta get leverage on yo ocha. I gotta get leverage. Nah, You know, ain't no leverage there. Not with that. Okay. Not when you not, not when you command. Not when you commit. When you getting ready to make that kind of money. Ain't no Leverage. Guess what? Brett Farb didn't think they had no leverage either, did he? Aaron Rogers didn't think no had no, they didn't have, they didn't have no leverage either, did he?


Now, hold on. Now You know how, You know how these teams work. Totally Different type of scenarios, You know. Oh, Joe, You know how these teams work. Oh Yeah. Yeah. I know, I know, I know, I know How long. They always, they'll Ocho they'll eat that money. Like Ocho, they'll, I know dead money. Think about the d think about the money that the Broncos had. They paid Russell Wilson damn 40 million. Right? Can I ask you a question? Yes. We saw a small sample drive of Mac. We saw a small sample size of Mac Jones, right? Yes. Patriots. Yes. We saw a small sample size of Mac Jones. Where was he last year? Jacksonville. At Jacksonville.


So all of a sudden just, just God for some reason that he might be the answer if things don't work out with b with Brock Purdy? Yes. Okay. I'm just, I, okay. I'm with you. I, I like, I like, I like how, I like how you I Like that. But I, but I, but what I like, if you think about it, Ocho, if you look at these guys that's had resurgence, look at a Sam Darnell. Look at Gino Smith. It was a talent around them. Round him that Be Yeah. Gino now all of a sudden he got dk, he had Lockett, he had Smith and Jig. But yeah, you look at Sam Darnell, he had Addison. He had Hawkinson. Yeah, he had Jetta, he had Jones in the backfield. So now if I put complimentary pieces around him, I'm not saying sometimes I gotta have an airboat.


Right. I don't need that much water in order to get to where I need to get to. Ocha, come on There. Now if I'm on a pontoon, I need a lot of water because I think ain't heavy me and he a boy. See? So yeah, I'm not saying that he's a guy that could elevate. I'm saying maybe he needs a situation where guys could ha need to elevate him. Right. Because if you look at him when he was at Alabama, when he had waddle, when he had Devonte when he hadn't met you? Yeah. When he had IG in the backfield. How did he look? Ocho Wait That boy. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Let, let's think about what they got over there in with the 49 ERs. Nine. They don't have nothing like what you just named. Now they have some very, very, very good players.


Good players. Yeah. Deep old Gold. Brandon, Brandon, Brandon Jennings, the real deal? No, you mean iu? No, I said no. Brandon Jennings. Brandon Jennings. For where in, in in 49ers? Brandon Jennings? Yeah, Brandon Jennings. What do he, what position he play out? Joe Receival? Jwan Jennings. Oh, Jwan Jennings. I'm Trevor. And you got Basketball, the the basketball player? I, yeah, I'm talking about Jwan Jwan Jennings. You got, listen, who was talking about Brandon Jennings earlier? P Master P. Okay. And he still got Yeah, Jwan Jennings. Nice. Percell came on, You know, last, now are you coming off of coming off of injury?


Yeah. They still, they still got, they still got a, a kittle CBA coming back. We'll see how CBA can hold up. I mean, listen, I, I think, I think they gonna be all right. They still need that. They still need that, that boy. Yeah. You know, You know. I understand. But I mean they still need that, that, that. Man, listen, that boy, I I I, I love Juwan Jennings. I love, You know what they have, they still need that, that, that do like, like Masterpiece said, they still need that dog. And I'm, I'm talking about from a a, a receiver standpoint. Can do, can do it all. Check this out. Daniel Jones signed with the Colts report. Sound like they may be a quarterback competition between him and Anthony Richards.


Damn, please. Ocho tell me the time. You ever seen somebody sign a backup for $14 million if I, if they signed a receiver? You making 5 million? They paid the wide receiver that they, they brought in 17 million. Right? What you tell me what you thinking? Yeah, I I know what it is. It's, it's funny how they play that game. Huh? It's funny, it's funny how they play the game. They Play it Don't Joke. What you mean? What game they playing? What they, what you playing him? Hey, you saw what it was when he was in, in New York, right? Yes. Okay, so you bring him in for a quarterback competition For what? But maybe it's a good thing. Huh? Maybe this is a good thing for Anthony Richardson. You mean you tell me.


You mean to tell me you finna bring somebody in to beat me out my spot after you already saw what he was able to do. Don't, don't get me started. Ocho I think it's a good thing for Anthony. Maybe this will propel him. Not that he needs motivation anyway. He doesn't need no motivation. Not in the quarterback position. You don't. But this, this will get you in line real quick because it sends a message. We don't believe in you. We don't think you're the long-term answer for our team. They benched his ass last year. That should have been a clear message right there. I mean, but You know, they beening for aspecific reason. We, we lemme Ask you a question. Lemme ask you a question. If Taram Brady came out, if Patrick Mahomes came outta the game, they getting bitch next game.


Absolutely not. Thank you. When were the, tell me the backup player, tell me the backup player in the NFL that's making 14 million any position. Tell me the backup player that's making $14 million. It probably ain't none, huh? Exactly. So what that tell you? Yeah. And that, that's, that's crazy how they play. That's, that's crazy. Who, who? Daniel Jones got. Got some, got some video. Somebody got some dirt or somebody on somebody or something. Hey, He, he might have a, he might have a table. Somebody with a goat. Ain't no telling Hey what, 14 what? One year or two year? One year?


Golly yes. Yeah. Yeah. He, he know, he knows something. You probably know what, he probably know what they got Jimmy Hoff at boy. Yeah. Damn. So it's you right. OY me. Hey, this is a clear indication. I don't know when the coaches talk or when the organization talk. Right? If Anthony Richardson was listening, they got his undivided attention. Now they got his undivided attention. Don't Joe Undivided. Oh Joe Crazy. Rogers was released by the Jets today. Negotiations are ongoing between the Steelers and Rogers. Here's what Mike Florio is reporting.


The ball is reportedly in Aaron Rogers court. The Steelers are simply waiting for, for a decision from Rogers. Regardless is tempting to think that Rogers who not long ago was potentially out of options, has found a way to make it all about himself again. In just two, in two weeks. Rogers had gone from the guy who has the reach out to the Giants, to a guy who has options. Whether he's doing it on purpose or just doing what he does, he's become the center of the NFL's detention for maybe one last time. We're focused on him. We're talking about him. We're not, as long as the Steelers don't move on to another veteran quarterback, he can take his time. At some point, however, however, they'll need an answer.


Mm. And when he gives someone one, he'll likely complain about all the attention that he's handling of the situation naturally generated. I look, Ocho you and I weren't talking about it. No, we, we were talking about the people that had gotten signed. Right. We talked about like, it was a possibility that he was gonna get released. They made a sense like, look, this is what we want you to do. The Ja said, they released a statement, said, no, we are moving on. They thanked him for the two years that he was there, blah, blah, blah. But after today, if he ain't signed, ain't no more. I'll just talk. Yeah. Not from, not from me. Now maybe you wanna bring up a a, a let's, let's talk about this right here. Okay, fine.


But until he signs Right. Aint talk about ain't really there. There really is no joke. Right. I have a question. Yes sir. What other veteran quarterbacks are out there right now outside of Aaron Rogers? Russell Wilson. Okay. Russell Wilson to go back, I think Russell Wilson's VI is visiting the New York Giants and the Cleveland Browns, if I'm not mistaken. Yeah. Now outside of Russell Wilson, who else is out there? So is that it? I think that's pretty much it. Ocha Yeah. So I mean, I mean cousins, it seems like cousins could be available via trade. Right. But nobody ain't trading because he got that money guaranteed. Now y'all release him, y'all pay that money and then we'll think him up at minimum.


Ah, I see. I I got you. But I ain't trying to, I ain't trying to, I ain't trying to take on somebody that got guaranteed money. I ain't trying to take, I ain't trying to pay that. Yeah. Y'all, hey, I'm not, I'm not finna bail you guys out for your bad decision. Mm. You made that decision. And I told you Ocho last year. I said Ocho, it doesn't make sense. I said at is absolute best. He's got two years. I said Ocho, if you sign him and he got one, you stuck. Yeah. You stuck like with a bad song on the elevator and damn, you gotta go to the top and then stop it at every floor in between. I ch Chad, y'all know I said, I said Ocho, I said I get, I get what you said, Ocho, it's two the, or the young guy comes along. I said, but don't you Yeah.


You pay this kinda money. Right. And could potentially only be a one year deal. You got a hundred million fully guaranteed on $180 million contract. And lo and behold, he really didn't make it through the whole year. Right. I, I just, I, I just, You know, I'm like, man, That's crazy. But listen, Aaron Rogers is in a good place. He's in a good place. Oh, James Wins is available also. Okay. I I I can see that. I can see the move. I can see, I can see that move. I can see that. What about Flaco? Isn't Flaco available too? Flaco ICO's available too because Flaco was, Flaco was in Indy last year.


Right. And if he was still there, there would be no need to sign Daniel Jones. Daniel Jones. Right. Fact that they signed Daniel Jones. Probably lets be, gives me the indication that Flaco is also a free agent. Could Flaco circle back and be in Cleveland? Sure. I like that. Could he be a play? Could he be a a a a play in the Giants? That's crazy, man. Now, now that I think about it, I'm trying to figure out who fits, who fits what and who fits where. But listen with Gar, Oh, Gar Garment just got released also. Yep. Man, listen, with, with DK and with DK and Pickens, boy you could, you, you, you get, you get a gun Slinger there, boy, you, you can, you can make some magic bro.


Nigga, they let Naja Harris go. Yeah, I think he signed with the charges. Okay. Yeah, he did go with the charge. Hey Mike Williams just signed back with the charges too on a one year. Did he? Yeah, he went back. Yeah, he went back. Oh, okay. But if you think about it, if you go back and look at Car Pittsburgh then last first rounds, they haven't gotten a second contract. All the first round. They declined the 50 option. I think it's like the last four I I saw, I saw this in the paper today. Ain't paying, ain't paying out. Huh? I think Bush, you remember Bush the linebacker?


That guy, I think he's from Michigan. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. If Dan played in Florida State, Devin, not Devin. Devin Bush. Yeah. Yeah. No, I think that might've been his dad. That might've been him though. Think I call. But You know, they declined. They, they declined his fifth year option. So yes, Ashley, I read the newspaper today. I got a, I got the USA today At the hotel. I got the SA today at the hotel today. So that's, George said the same thing. Oh, you read newspapers? I was like, well, damn, you make it seem like I can't read or something. I can look at a picture and fool them. But yeah, it was, it's gonna be, it's gonna be interesting to see. I'm ready to see what he say.


I'm ready to see at this, this, with this legal hampering period. We kinda got an indication before, because, You know what I'm saying? Such and such going on. But now we kinda know, so now, now we, you shift your focus, like, okay, draft who's going where, what's gonna be done? Are there gonna be any more moves? Is there, are there any more moves to be made? Yeah, I'm excited. I'm excited for that draft. What you, what you got? What you got? One, two, and three. What you think? Honestly, Ocho this is might be the, I have no idea.


I mean, people say Abdul Carter, people say cam. Mm. The only, I mean, I mean people are kind of like cool. I mean now, I mean, I see, I see reports. Shado might slide out of the top 10. He might slide down way down. He might even slide out the first mile. I'm like, well, damn. I just don't, what I don't understand Ocho, how can a guy move up or down and a guy ain't played, ain't played football in three months. It's all on, it's all on team needs. And then the, the, the, the needs of the team that are picking in the first five, they need a quarterback. There's more than one there. More than three teams in the first five or six picks that need quarterbacks.


They're not finna play that game just outta spite. Just outta spite. No, they not gonna play that game. The Volume


Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar games since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humid door and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


What you are hearing is hardy fiber cement siding living up to its reputation as the siding that handles hail impact with ease. James Hardy knows how important a reputation is, especially when you're a contractor. That's why Hardy's siding withstand severe weather better than vinyl siding with styles to match its strength so you can be sure you are providing your clients with the best. Protect your reputation with exterior products by James Hardy.