
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo, and a hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese, ketchup, Meer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal in fast food. Gotta be Wendy's.


Hey, all you women's soups, fans, and folks who just don't know yet that they're women's soups fans, we've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire and everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa. Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She Haslam text Threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume,


The finals are here and the only thing for sure is it's the last time to bet on college basketball This season it's been an amazing ride to get here full of unexpected happenings. Maybe there'll be more. Get in on all the actions expected and unexpected with DraftKings Sports book, with live betting exclusive content, promos and parlays. DraftKings, the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. Is that simple? First time, here's something special just for you. New Draft King customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Bet the unexpected with Draft King Sportsbook. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on the amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants you to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the earth a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweeps details and now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Did You know colon cancer is considered one of the most preventable, yet least prevented cancers when caught in the early stages? Colon cancer Haslam a survival rate of 90%. So screening in early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. That's why the American Cancer Society recommends that if you're at average risk, you begin screening for colon cancer at age 45. And the convenient way to do that is with Cologuard tests. The Cologuard test allows you to be in control of your co colon cancer screening through prescription based tests delivered to your door with none of the prep that's required for a colonoscopy. No liquid prep, no days off, no invasive procedures. Plus Cologuard test is affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and a follow-up colonoscopy is needed after a positive Cologuard test. This is usually covered by insurance also. So if you're 45 years of older and at average risk, you can ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with a Cologuard test. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at cologuard.com/podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk of colorectal cancer. Do not use Cologuard tests. If you have had Athenas have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopies high risk patients. Cologuard tests in adults. 45 to 49 is estimated based on a large clinical study of patients 50 and older false positive and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


The legend continues. Get ready for an all new bonus episode of Patino Red Storm Rising. Only on Vice tv Vice Sports says follow Coach Rick Pitino in the St. John's men's basketball monumental season as they won the Red Storm's First Big East regular season title in 40 years on a favorite to win their first conference tournament championship since 2000. The series captured the team in working and pat's old school coaching style as it takes a candid look at the highs and lows that Mark Pat's storied career as He returned St. John's to prominence in his New York City hometown. Cam followed Patino and the Red storm on campus to alumni and booster events, press conferences, private settings, endgame huddle, pre-game, halftime, and post game locker rooms, on road trips in coaches meetings and NIL discussions to name a few.


The high stakes bonus episode will offer viewers a review of the red storms performance in the NCA Men's basketball Tournament leading up to the final four. The Patino Red Storm Rising finale airs Thursday, April 3rd at 10:00 PM Eastern only on Vice tv. Go to vice tv.com to find your cable channel. Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for staying up late with us tonight after the Lakers win 1 0 4 to 98 over the Houston Rockets. Stay staunchly into the four C.


Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join their Nationwide 5G network. Today. Y'all know me, your favorite Uncle Shannon Sharp. Number 85 bingo ring of Fame. Ought to read the Liberty City's own pro bowler all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. Tell family, friends and loved ones to do likewise and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And thank you guys for your continued support And we really appreciate you staying up late with us tonight. Please check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock now.


If you cannot find it in a city or state near you, order it online. We ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Make sure you go check out my media company on all of its platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything is restocked, the link is pinned at the top of the chat. Supplies are limited so please go grab yours while supplies last. 'cause once they're gone, they're gone. Tickets for our not Safe for Work tour went on sale last week. Eight stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, LA, Miami, New York, Chicago. Close things out in Detroit.


Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. That link is also pinned in the chat. Guest line up shaping up real nicely guys, you're not gonna wanna miss this one. We are gonna try to get, we're gonna wait eventually. We're gonna be in all 50 states before it's all said and done. Go grab your tickets right now. We've got Kiki Rice joining us in just a second. She's a member of the Lady Bruins of UCLA who advances to the final four for the very first time in school history. But the Lakers, Lakers beat the Rockets 1 0 4 to 98 led by Luca who had 20 points. Dorian Finney Smith had 20 points. Gabe Vincent shot the ball extremely well.


He had 20 points on six may threes. LeBron was 16. Eight four assist. Two blocks, two steals, big block at the end of the game on sung goon. Officer Reeves chipped in with 12 points, eight rebounds, three assists and two steels. This was a litmus test. This was the, to see where the Lakers are, the Rockets had been playing extremely well. But the Lakers were up to the task and the one thing they didn't do is they didn't give up that it, the tie, the score was tied at the half, if I'm not mistaken, I think 48. 48. What they didn't do is that give up huge third quarter or huge fourth quarter, right? They did it. They held 'em to 50 points in the second half.


You can, you can live with that. You can, you could live with that. And in the process of doing that, they outscored him 50 by six and they, that was the score they won by really battle scoring. You got what, 46 points off the bench and that's what you're gonna have to have. Finney Smith was really, really played really well off the bench. Gabe Vincent was sensational off the bench. Six made threes two free throws. But I thought the guys played well. I thought they played really well against a red hot team. Did a great job of of, I just thought they played well. They didn't shoot the ball well. All less than 40% from the floor. About 35% from the three ocho.


But if you watch this game And I know you was on the flight so I don't know how much of you saw, I don't know if they have had TNT on the flight, but I thought the Lakers look, can they play better? Yes, but when you play one of the better teams And you find ways to win because these are games that the Lakers somehow sometimes find way to lose. But it was a close ball game throughout the, the Rockets got out to a nice decent lead. The Lakers wi the men kept it close, then they blew the game. You know, ended up winning the game in the second half with Q con. Key contributions from their big three. Luca was, was really good controlled the pace of the game. LeBron made up two free throws, had a big block on some goon, but I thought the difference in the ball game tonight was their bench.


Dorian Finn Smith and gave Vincent combined for 40 points and 10 rebounds and if the Lakers are gonna go far, they're gonna need that kind of production coming off the bench. Listen, not only a production that they're gonna need obviously in transition, they have to play much better defensively. They have to play much better as well these last few games before the playoff start. They have to set a precedent and set a tone on how they're going to continue to play Going into the postseason, Luke and LeBron. I think consistency is what they're gonna have to have, You know, to, to go far into the listen if they even have an opportunity, You know, like you say Lakers and five to even get to the Western conference finals let's say to that they have to play much better collectively as a whole and the bench Haslam to be very productive and contribute as much as possible when they do get in.


Yeah, look, since that injury, LeBron really hasn't shot the ball particularly well. Only one game since he's been back from the injury. Huh? Can I say, can I say something real quick about him coming back? I think for some reason, I don't know why, I think LeBron might have came back just a little bit too early. Knowing that they have opportunity to not only make the playoffs but want to keep their seating pretty high. I think LeBron might have came back a little early and due to him still being injured and hampered just a little bit, I think it might be affecting his play and in in not only shot selection but those shots actually going in. I I could be wrong, I could be wrong but I just think he might have came back a tad bit too early when he's not really radio healthy. Well he is not as explosive.


He's not able to finish like he once could, he's missing some gimmicks and so the thing is he's really nursing it 'cause he don't wanna do anything sudden and retweak it. Right. And so You know it and hopefully as he plays he doesn't have a setback that he's able to finish out the season as healthy as he's gonna be. But normally when LeBron Haslam an injury this late in the season, your body doesn't heal as well as it once did. And we seen it. He had the ankle injury, he wasn't the same. He had the groin injury before he wasn't the same. Right. But the thing is now he Haslam Luca, he Haslam ar who could help do do some of the lifting. You got three, you got one, two, you got what?


Five guys that double figures. You got three guys that scored at least 20. LeBron had succeed, ar had 12. You can win with that. But I don't, And I think the thing is you can win with that bench play, but obviously LeBron Luca ar know they're gonna have to get, they're gonna have to score more than 48. They scored 85 the other night in Memphis on the road. They score 48. They score 48 tonight and find a way to get a win against a very good Houston team. Young listen, but very good. Listen against a very young good Houston team. But you have to think the further you get into the playoffs, you're gonna be playing against teams that are much better On Yeah, for sure. You so then you're gonna have to, you're gonna have to find ways to dig down to dig deep.


And you can't, you can't, you can't have game. If you score 40, you score 85 1 night And you score 48 the next. Yeah. Because you're not gonna be able to get away with that. The better the team are that you play. Yeah. And you get further into the playoffs. This is a young athletic team. There are not a whole, I mean you got Van Fleet, but you look at Thompson, Brooks is fairly young. Jalen green, hell he might not be but 21, 22 years of age. Jabari Smith, huh? He that young? Yeah. Hell yeah, he might. I think he might be 22. How old is Jalen Green? Jabari Smith. Jabari Smith Jr. He can't be no more than 2220. He might not, hell he might not even be but 20. Ah, Jalen Green is 23. How about how old is Jabari Smith?


Jabari Smith might be 2021 at the oldest. See they're a really, they're a really young teens. A really young teen. That's great that You know, they, they like to get up and down but because of their head coach who's a defensive guy, they get into you, right? They'll, they'll d you up, they'll pick you up 54. They make it up. They don't want to give anything. They don't want to give you any free entry passes. They'll overplay, they'll deny they play a physical brand of basketball. They got big Steven Adams in there Big Steve. Yeah, he does a great job on the guy on the glass G Good in the pick and roll. Jas kind of missing him because he and Jah had a great connection. Yeah, I think Zach, Edie will get that down and, and to years to come.


But I, I like the way the, I like the way the lake played tonight, especially in the second half. Find a way to get, find a way to win ball games and this is what you have to do even when you don't, you're not playing your best ocho Find a way to win the ball game. Yeah. So that big old block, LeBron knew that Sung Goon had the mismatch on Officer Reeves. And so he is Like, You know what, I'm gonna cheat this so You know, Hey Houston, y'all got a amen. But they called me the benediction. What this thing over, get it up outta here. So benediction James did it and did what he needed to do. He came and got the ball in the freeth throws. He made both free throws obviously then they, it forced the miss at the other end.


Finn Smith got the rebound and that was the end of the ball game. But the Lakers played well. They won the ball game and this is what, look, they got some tough games to close out. They got OKC twice, they got OKC twice. It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line.


We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie Haslam. She Haslam quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns and combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war.


J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I Mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Camila Ramon Pelotons first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur and almost most importantly Apre enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami Apre enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Atho is where sports, music and fitness collide And we cover it all. Sit downs with real game changers in the sports world like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Shumate, who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It All changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know, you're not Latina enough.


First of all, What does that mean? My mouth is Wide open. Yeah. History makers like the Suka family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports. Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPTA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to say Alma Miss America by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hacks and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower.


All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah, it's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle Lee, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want to keep up with us and here's Y App, tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


That's gonna be Nice. Alright Ocho, we got a very special, we got a very special guest joining us, A member of the Final four, lady Bruins, Kiki Rice. Kiki, how you doing? I'm doing great. How are Y'all? Oh, we're doing amazing. Well congratulations. Haslam it Haslam it really sunk in yet yet. Like, hold on. We're part of the first group of young women that's ever gone to the Final four at UCLA. That is a very, very huge accomplishment. Yeah, I mean after the buzzer went off And we were all celebrating, it was just so special. 'cause like that's part of what I came here to do and part of what my class came here to do. So I was just so excited that we were able to, You know, finally get to the final four And I kind of take that next step. But You know, we got two more games so we're excited for that.


Getting ready to, to head down there tomorrow. You know, you think about, I gotta Go ahead Ocho. Listen, I I I have one question And I, I really like this and when I think about postseason, postseason stuff to do, I saw something where you said you wanna become an NBA general manager after, after your plan days are done. Yeah. Right. What's the first move you'd make if you happen to be a gym? I'm just curious before we get into, You know, what you're doing right now in, in college, what would be the first move you make as a, as a GM in NBA First move? Well, if I was the GM of the Mavs, I would not have dreaded Luca my first move for sure.


Yep. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. Oh yeah boy you got it. Kiki, You okay? Look at what you guys did you lose the USC twice, you beat him in the PAC 10 championship. Obviously that was a huge compliment. Did that guys give you the confidence? Confidence or were you always confident that you had the type of team that could advance to the Final four and potentially win it all? Yeah, I mean this whole season we were ranked number one for most of the year. Obviously a top team in the country. But I do think, You know, like losing to a team twice is hard and SC is obviously a great team. Gigi's great and they have a lot of great players. So, but to finally like to beat them and our, our conference championship and stop get over that hump, it definitely kind of, I think gave us some more confidence just because we knew like, all right, like we finally kind of beat the one team that had beaten us this whole year and now we're just like kind of, You know, playing out the rest of the season.


But we were really confident at that point for sure. You look at you guys, you played LSU and that game was Nipping Tuck very back and forth. I mean you guys get to a 10 point lead, they whittle it down to two, you race out to a eight point lead, they whittle it down to three you guys, and then all of a sudden you get a couple big key rebounds And you kick it out to a haw cast and she makes a couple of threes. Even though Laura Best said no, don't shoot. Okay, what do you, good job. Good job. So yeah, what are you thinking in that ball game? You're like, damn, we're so close. We had a 10 point lead And we don't let 'em cut it all the way down the two. What's going through your mind as the game starts to get later in the ball game but the game starts to tighten up? Yeah, I mean I think at one point I looked over at the scoreboard, we were up like I think I had our biggest leader up like 13 in third quarter.


I was like, all right, like we got this. Like wow. And then when I tried to get close did definitely get a little nervous. I'm like, can't let this slip away. Especially 'cause like LSU, they were the team that knocked us out last year. So like we did that, we needed that revenge. We just wanted to get through the final four two and like obviously a lot on the line. But like we work, we worked on special situations and just end game stuff so much in practice this year that I really had a lot of confidence that we were gonna be able to find a way to get it done. But it is Like, You know, we was a little bit nervous at the end there 'cause they're, they're a great team. Fja is great player and so Like, You know, it's never over till the buzzer sound so I just have to finish it out. Yeah, yeah. Speaking of, speaking of finishing things up with the final four approaching, how is the UCLA team preparing to face the next challenge and if there were any lesson that you learned from the LSU game, what are they to make sure you don't have to deal with the next team coming in, whoever you do have to face.


Not, not the game not being close As you caught. They got ucon up next on page bucket. Yeah. Oh my goodness. Yeah. So the game doesn't, doesn't be as close as it was this last time. You actually close it out without having to be fearful, You know, towards the end of the game. Yeah, I mean I do think like at this point of the year, like we're prepared that every team that we're gonna play is gonna be a great team. So like we know matchups are gonna be closed, like the games are gonna be close down the line. So we just gotta be comfortable in those moments. And I think like having played a few of those games will help us, You know, just 'cause we have that, like those game experience. But You know, we're, You know, we'll watch Scout, watch film kind of get ready. I think we played Yukon last year actually, so like having that experience playing them And we played really well. We beat them last year will be good for our confidence for sure.


Kiki, who are some of the women that you watched growing up? Obviously being a fabulous player that you are, who are some of the women that you watch and says, You know what, that's I I kind of what kind of molded your game or kind of some of the women that inspired you to play basketball? Yeah, I mean I, I grew up watching Skylar Diggins, Enrique, Diana, Tara Rossi, and not only like in basketball, but like, I love watching like Serena Williams and Alex Morgan, like other like, well Like, You know, really fantastic women and other sports, just kind of to see them be great at their craft and that really inspired me for sure. Why UCLA? I mean obviously it UCLA is really not known as a, as a women's basketball program. You have Yukon, you have the Lady Gamecock, you have LSU Tennessee or probably Notre Dame is probably more known as women college basketball.


What, what made you choose UCLA? Yeah, exactly. Be because I felt Like, You know, UCLA is not as known and like, okay, obviously it was like You gonna make it known Exactly like I wanted to, I didn't wanna go to a program that had a bunch of national championships. I've been to the final four a bunch of times. Like I felt like it makes it even more special to go to a place and help it become that level of that level of program. So I think, You know, having that all come in to like, You know, reality now just makes, makes Steve more special. I just swear today that Olivia Miles, the Notre Dame player, she's projected to be number two, but instead of ending the WNBA draft, she entered the transfer portal. Are you surprised by this?


I was really surprised by that one, honestly. Yeah, really surprised. I mean, look, she's gonna be, would be probably the number two pick And you're deciding to come back to college. I mean I think it speaks to like NIL and what you can get in college and You know how great, You know, the college experience is. But like, I don't think that happens often. Someone who's gonna be a for sure lottery pick decides to come back to college. I mean, I don't know exactly what, what went into her decision, but yeah, I was surprised for sure. Yeah. When it was your decision, she gonna make more money in college than she will be rookie. The WNBA, that's what went into her decision. Kiki. Yeah. It gotta, if it makes dollars, it makes sense. Exactly. You Know? Yeah. You know.


Speaking, speaking of the WNBA, if you could build your starting five, any current NBA or WNB players? Who are you picking? I, I'd say I, I more say WNBA. Who would your starting five be? Let's see. All right. I have Asia Wilson At, at the five. At the five Caitlyn Clark one. Okay. I'm putting Stewie at the four. Yeah, like ooh, you got a, you got a lobster so far? Yeah, putting NEA at the three woo Two defense.


Oh, you got some defense on that front line? We're Locking it up and then at the two shoot, I'm going Chelsea Gray. Okay. Okay. I like, I like it. I thought you might go with re I thought you might take Enrique and Gule. Yeah, but okay. I like Chelsea because she's healthy Now. You watch in the Unrival in the semifinal game. Who that? Ooh, that's the Chelsea I, I was expecting to see last year when she came back, but you can tell the way she's playing now versus the way she played and when she got back in the Olympics, that wasn't her, this is her that we saw in the unrivaled leading her team to the first title in Unrival.


Yeah, she was tough in that. Yeah. She was playing real well. So lemme ask you, so lemme ask you this, you give a pro probably got approached by a lot of companies wanting to be, you wanting to do this NIL How do you determine who Kiki's gonna align with? Yeah, I mean I think a lot of it is like based on if I feel like we can build like a long term partnership and just like how, like how, How much money y'all got. Yeah, Exactly. No, no. Yeah. God Haslam to be good money. But like, I think, You know, feeling like the brand or company is Like, You know, aligned with my values and everything and like obviously, You know, I don't wanna be like associated with any, anyone that's gonna Like, You know, gonna bring harm to my brand and my name and everything and then, You know.


Right. Part of it is, is money also. I mean like, you gotta do things that make sense and, and things that I care about too. I think like that's when I get like more into doing it and it becomes more organic. 'cause it's like I care about the, the cause or whatever it is. Right, right. You are the first, you are the first NIL athlete to sign with Jordan brand. Do you understand? I mean, look, there's no, there's not a knock on anybody else. Nike and Adidas and Under Armour or whatever the case may be. Yeah. But You know, the logo, that's what they go by the logo And you are the first when you, when you like, have you really thought about, have you like look at these, oh look at these. James. They got these one, they got these left, they got these four.


I mean, what does that, what does that, what does that feel like? What does that mean to you? To me it feels like a lot of a big shoe collection and a lot of shoes that I have. It's great though. I mean, yeah. One of the best parts of it is all the gear and everything for sure. But I do think like kind of being aligned with like a brand like Jordan, like any, You know, any basketball player you grow up in, like you idolize Michael Jordan, You know what he he did for the game and what he means. Yeah. Yeah. To All of us. So I think like for, for me to be the first and athlete that Jordan chose to sign, like it just like, I, it was kind of a, a surreal moment when it all happened and for it to be like, at such young age, You know what I mean? Like assigned my senior year of high school, like going into college and everything.


So it really just like, kind of, it motivated me to continue to work hard 'cause it's like, all right, like I have a lot, a lot to live up to, but also like a lot more coming if I continue to put in the work. One more thing. Gocho before you, one more thing. Lemme ask you this. Yeah. Give the five shoes, Jordan shoes you don't have that you really, really want. I don't have, honestly, I don't think I have any, there's none that I want that I don't have. Damn. You got about damn. Yeah. Really going on. Kiki, we shoot your boy. I'm 13. I'm 13. Got you. I got you Shannon. I mean, so hey, so I mean, You know, obviously the, the, the, the ducks and You know, all the, the signatures, they don't have, they don't make a whole lot of them.


Did you get the, did you get the air? Did you get the, the Dior Jordans? Or did you get the verges thought? No, you ain't got those. You wanna get those, huh? Yeah, I'll ask for those. Oh, for sure. Yeah, I need those. I don't blame you. And that's shoot for the stars. You land on the moon, you still got a great collection. Exactly. Listen out. Outside, outside of basketball, I've learned some interesting things about you. For one, you like marble. Yep. Two, you love to cook and you're scuba certified. Yep. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm scuba certified Too. Really? Okay. Okay. Yeah. No, the first thing I have to ask. What I am scuba certified. Don't worry about it. Go ahead. Go ahead. Don't you finish your question. I just wanna know you, you hang, sorry, sorry about that.


Where's the coolest place you go on diving? The coolest place I went diving was in Mozambique Wild there. How, How, how, how was it? It Was, that was dope. It was really cool. The water there is so like, so clear and pretty and to see. I think we saw, yeah, we saw a shark there, which was really cool. Cool. Alright. And I, that was gonna my next question. Have there been any scares when you've been diving? Because I, I got scared when I went, when I, when school was diving because I ran into a whale shark by accident And I obviously didn't, didn't realize how big they were until they get right up on you. Even though they're, they're, they're, they're not hostile, but just still Yeah, The shark though. Yeah, it was definitely, it was not, it wasn't that big. It was like a can't remember what kind of shark.


It wasn't that big, but it was definitely scary. I mean, like, it is not, not cool to come up on a shark when you're diving. Yeah, no. Not Just the idea of it. But I haven't had any, any crazy scares. I mean, I think like one of the scariest parts is honestly making sure that I'm doing everything right so I'm not like, messing up and, and like messing up the tank or all that. But yeah, Listen. All right. The fact that you love to cook, I can't cook worth a damn. I'm, I'm horrible. And I think that might be one of the reasons why I've been left by everybody that I've dated is because I can't cook. But what is your go-to dish, let's say if you try and impress somebody in case your go through dish every time and that's what you're gonna make. 'cause You know they gonna like It. Yeah, I'll make some tacos. I know I can. Damn Kiki Tacos. I mean, I thought you was gonna say I would whip up some, some lean.


I'll keep it simple so I know I don't mess it up. Hey, less is, less is more. Less is more. Exactly. And also you're a big Marvel fan. So which Marvel character do you think would make the best basketball player? Just hypothetically speaking, if there was a Marvel character that actually played basketball, who would be the best? Like the actor or the the character. Yeah, the, the character itself. Probably Captain America. America. Ah, I like that. I like that. Kiki, you also played high school. You played high school soccer. One Gatorade player of the year. What went into the decision for you to choose basketball over soccer?


Yeah, I thought for a little bit about doing both in college, but I just felt like that would be too much. So I think like playing one sport is already enough, but to do both. Yeah. And I think the biggest thing is also just like, I didn't wanna take my time away from the sport that I liked the most, which is basketball. And like I wanted, You know, I wanna be a pro, I wanna do a lot of things And I think I needed to focus to like fully on that. But I think the biggest thing was just feeling like, like the basketball community I liked more than the soccer community. Just my teammates, the teams I was on and all that stuff. I think that's what like really drew me to just continue to play basketball. Well You know, unc, I like this, the fact that she played soccer and that ma that makes me that much more of a fan now.


But this can all change based on your answer. All right. Prana or messy? Messy. Yeah. You know, talking about Kiki, that's what I'm talking about. Kiki. That's what I talking about. Kiki. Kiki Haslam to be messy. Now we done, I need the white. See, see what I'm saying? Okay. I've been trying to 10 Kiki, I've been trying to tell this man this for the better part of two years. He ain't wanna hear nothing I gotta say, so whoop, there it is. It's okay. It's all, it's all good. Mm. I mean she know greatness. She played fucker, she was Gatorade player of the year.


No, that's Gatorade. Yeah, that's getting Rape play on the arm and she was popped out. Yeah, I was ex I was expecting a different answer, but I Know you were, but don't worry about it. You got what? You got All good. Messy, messy Aren. In the documentary full court press, you mentioned that you grew up watching President Obama And I think you had an aunt that was like a national security advisor to doing the President Obama's administration, correct? Yes. Did you get an opportunity to meet him? Yes, I have met him actually and probably. Okay. Yeah, probably the coolest thing, like congratulations text I got was Obama texted my aunt yesterday in tech.


Congrats. The final four. Dope man. That's probably the, the coolest thing for sure. That's dope. Wow, that's awesome. That's dope. That is unbelievable. What else? So what, what did you like to do in your free time? What, so when you're not practicing basketball, you're not cooking tacos, what does Kiki like to do? I love to shop, which probably isn't the best habit, but I love That. Oh, your little NIL money gone soon. You get it. Exactly. No, I, I love to shop travel, hang out with my teammates. I mean, I don't have a ton of free time, but I would say just, I actually, I like to go to the beach too. I like to sit outside, just hang out. That's probably, well You in the perfect place to go to the beach.


Which beach or Santa Monica? Malibu. Santa Monica. I mean, if I'm gonna lay, I'll go to Malibu. It's much nicer. Okay. But Santa Monica, if I gotta go to like a close one. Yeah. Over over Venice. Yeah. Yeah. Venice is crowded. Malibu, Malibu. Once you get on up there, I mean you got some nice spots. I mean, it, it, it does get a little crowded, but that water cold man. Yeah, It's cold out here. Cold people. I I don't get in the water though. No. Yeah, people think that the e the west coast waters like the east where the east is like warm. Yeah. Is this specific? Oh no. Yeah, it is different. Indifferent. And I got, I got one. I got one last question.


Go ahead O what legacy do you hope to leave at UCLA and how do you envision influencing the next generation of female athletes? I hope to leave a legacy of championships here. I wanna bring like, I got two years left. So two national championships, two more final fours, another conference championship. And then I think the biggest things, I want to influence the culture here. I wanna continue to help us like become, be a winning program and be, You know, just a program that continues to produce like great, great players and great people. And then in terms of my legacy, I mean I wanna be known as the hardest working person in every, in every room and every team that I'm on.


I like It. Well Kiki, congratulations on advancing to the Final Four. Best of luck in the final four and look forward to watching you and your continued success. Hey y'all cut down the net, come back, join UNC and OCHO and tell us all about it. All right, thanks y'all. Thanks for having me. Appreciate, Appreciate you. Thanks for coming on with us. Kiki Rice, UCLA outstanding player in the final four for the very first time and lady brewing history. Gotta be an unbelievable honor. Seems like to me she wants to be, she wants to be Asia. Asia started this at South Carolina. Yeah, she goes there. She was the top basketball player in the country. She goes to a program that's really not known for ladies basketball and lo and behold she starts it and now a bunch of final fours later, three national championships later player of the year.


Asia was player of the year. Aaliyah Boston was player of the year. And now Lady Game Cox are right up there with the the Yukons. And the Tennessees. When you think about Lady Women's college basketball, they're one of the most prominent programs in in the NCAA. So congratulations. UCLA. Good luck. Best of luck Kiki. But ocho, yeah, they don't have an easy, they won't have an easy opponent. Ucar. Yeah. Advance to the final four for the 24th time beating USC 78 64 and nearly elite eight Paige buckets. Becker 31.6 assists. That's coming off a game in which he dropped 40. Sarah Strong had 22 points and 17 rebounds as they led the Huskies to their 24th final four appearances.


Ucar is hoping to win the first national championship since 2016. We'll face UCLA in its final four run on Friday, US C'S Final four draft continues with tonight loss. US C will head the next season when his final four draft set it 40 years. Trojan last made it Cheryl Miller final season of the Player when they were national runner up. They lost to the Lady Longhorns that year. Yeah, I think Clarissa Davis, I think they were 35 and oh that year. But they did win back to back national championships in 83, 84 because they beat law. Take the lady teamsters so long drought, we knew it was gonna be an uphill climb with our juju.


Yeah they ju they would have their work cut out even with Juju. With juju. So I have a, I have a question. If Juju was playing, do you think there was the chance that they would've had better chance at actually Oh, oh absolutely. Yeah. You think they still would've lost? Yeah, I'm not gonna say that, but I'm saying Juju is one of the two or three best players in college basketball. They were, I'm not sure she's two or three if you get where I'm going with this. Yes sir. She's sensational. Absolutely they have a chance. And we were hoping because we saw what that matchup was last year, so we were just hoping that came back again and when they were on the same side, it lined up perfectly. Okay. We're about to get this matchup again and unfortunately we did. We did not. We did not get that.


Yeah. So it is what it is. Hey, Juju will be back stronger, better than ever. I don't know if she's had the surgery, but Paige said they exchanged information. Paige Haslam torn her ACL, she's gone through this. There are a lot of players that have torn their ACL that can have, You know, have a conversation, keep her up. It's just a minor setback for a major comeback. Okay. Reach out to Adrian Peterson. Obviously it's a different, You know, football and basketball, but I have no doubt in my mind that Juju Watkins is gonna come back and she'll be as good if not better and than what she was before. So Yeah, but Ucon Ucon is gonna be tough. UConns gonna be tough. They good they be, Gino is as good at at, at the college game.


He's the greatest woman's college coach. I'm not so sure you gonna tell me There are four or five of men coaches that are better than Gino based on he's done. And with that being said, you never say never OCHO because in a one game anything can happen. Somebody get hot shooting threes, they can make a bunch of threes and shoot you out of the gym. But the way Paige is playing or they got their work cut out for, she's all I be, you remember when Caitlyn Clark went on that run the last couple years? Caitlin Clark would blow blow it up. Everybody. Paige, Paige, Becks is having that type of game. She dropped 40 and then she drops 31. Ooh, that's, that's not, that's not, that's gonna be a, a difficult, a difficult handle.


Asie FUD had not played particularly well lately. But when you get Paige playing as well as she's playing, You know, FUDS could go off and then the lady tonight, what was it, Sarah Strong, 22 points and 17 rebounds. Huh? She's a fresh, yeah. And so now that tells me they're gonna, when you get that many rebounds, don't you, you'll get some second chance points because they ain't all defensive rebounds. She's getting some of those on the offensive end, which is that if she doesn't put it back, she's gonna give you an opportunity to get a lot of second chance points. SoCon is gonna be a very tough matchup for UCLA. But U-C-L-A-A we belong. We've been ranked number one. I think they've only lost two games. What?


They lost two games all year. I think USC beat 'em twice. I don't think they lost another game. Did they? Did they lose the, okay so they lost maybe with an hour or they lost the Tennessee on the road. So it's gonna be a great matchup. Can't wait to see it. Texas top TCU, the advanced tour. Its first Final Four since 2003.


The horn frogs ended the first half with more turnovers. 11 than made field goal seven TC field finished the game with 21 turnovers on just 12 made field goals. Texas Haslam, that ability, I mean I could see a game where it's 35, 34 USC Texas, excuse me, they play each other. They know each other. They're in the same conference. Ocho Yeah, Texas Beat Texas Snap. Uscs SEC winning streak. And then, You know, USC returned the favor when they got 'em in the conference championship. But hey team two teams that are very familiar with each other, both of them play outstanding defense.


It's gonna be a great matchup. We know what Don Staley is. She's been here, she's done that. They don't have the shoot. I, I, I'm not say they don't have it because they have the same women on the squad that made a lot of the pow pow and You know, Floyd Kiss can dominate the glass. I think Raven Johnson, they have got, they have young ladies that can make the shots. They just, for whatever reason they haven't made 'em this year. So it's gonna be a very, very interesting matchup. I think it's gonna be, I I think it's gonna be a low scoring game Ocho because both of these teams get out there defensively. What, what they, they, they play, they play Friday or Set? Most both are Friday. Friday, right?


Yeah. Okay, Let's, let's go to the game because they, they, they played Friday. 'cause the championship game is Sunday because the men championship game is Monday. But it used to be the women played after the men. I think they did. I think they did. You heard me? Huh? Y don't wanna go to the game. It's in Tampa. You don't wanna go to the game I just asked you. That's On the other side of the country, bro. That's right down. That's, that's, that's right down the road from you bro. That ain't right down the road from me. I know It's right down the road for but I'm inviting you to go to the game And we can sit court side And we can tell And we could talk. We, we obviously we'll probably have a show. No, we don't have the show Friday.


We could talk about it Saturday. No, we ain't got the show. Wait a minute. I gotta be, I I gotta be in, I'll be in Virginia. I got a prior engagement So I'm inviting you to watch the game in six four. I have a prior engagement. Huh? I have a prior engagement. What's more important? The, the engagement for your co-host inviting you to sit courtside at the game? I promised my brother I would do something with him. He been in your life all the time. He, he gonna be my life too. Alright, Well, but hey, I I'm expecting to be here too. Yes. I mean, I got a prior engagement, don't you? Alright. Alright. And You know I get my word I, You know.


Okay, okay. Okay. But I, I, I invite somebody else. I, I Chan Chan. You wanna you wanna go to the game? No, of course. I He said he don't wanna go to the game with you.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie Haslam, she Haslam quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its Knees, the FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I Couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Camilla Ramon Pelotons first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur, and almost most importantly, Ayo Enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami AEO enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Asho is where sports, music and fitness collide And we cover it all sit downs with real game changers in the sports world like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Shumate, who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It All changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know, you're not Latina enough. First of all, What does that mean? My mouth Is wide open. Yeah. History makers like the ska family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC sports reporter and host. You Forgot to save Orma, miss America, by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf. They're superpower All just people we like. Plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code. And we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want to keep up with us and here's Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Oh, Joe, the New Orleans Pelicans have shut down Zion Williamson and CJ McCullum for the rest of the season due to injury. What are we doing Zion? In 2019? 2020, he played 24 games. In 20 20 20 20 21, he played 61 games. In 21, 22 he played zero games. 20 20, 22, 23. He played 29 games. 23 24 70 games. This year, 30 games. He's earned almost $115 million. They, and there are 82 game season. Right. Have a question. Oklahoma 82 game. But the 1920, that was the, that was the covid year. Right.


So they didn't play a full season. 1920. Yeah. But he missed 21 games. He missed 82 games. He missed 53 games. He missed 12 games. He missed 52 games. I Have a question. Yes sir. Who was it we just talked about where they did a test and decided because of his injury history, they didn't wanna sign it. Was it the Lakers? If I'm not Mistaken. Oh yeah. The, the dude from Charlotte. I can't remember his name. I know, I know who you're talking about though. Yes. Did, did, did, did Zion Williams before entering the draft, despite how great he was coming in, did he have an injury history?


No. Was he injury pumped? No. So all this is new. Yeah, but you have to understand, I I I'm just curious. You go from playing what, 25 30 games in high school? 30, 35 games in college. If you go all the way to the Final four to trying to play 82 more demands on the body, more grueling, Hey, back to backs. You ain't paying, You know, you're not playing back to back in college. You're not playing back to backs in high school. Okay, well what's the answer? 'cause there, there are multiple there. I'm not sure how many NBA players there are in the NBA, but they've been playing 82 games for a long time.


Injuries do happen. Yeah, but do injuries happen? Some people are predisposed, some people have, You know, you held the way you, you built the way you run, the way you land. There are a lot of, there are a lot of things that go into it. But At this, at this rate, What Zion, you Haven't been able to play have We haven't been able to play a full season yet today. But here's the thing, Ojo, when you talk about a man his size, you, when have you seen somebody that size that explosive Shit? Not like That. No. Exactly. And, and until, until, You know, I, I think the thing is, he, he's a little heavy now. He looked good. He came back to, said he was 2 64, which is as light as he's been since he's been in the NBA Light.


Yeah. Man, how the hell you jumping like that at 2 64? No, he was jumping like that at 2 84, 300. It's explosive. But that's a lot. I mean, think about it. Thank You know, hey, planting, stopping and cutting. You were able to do that because you were light. Just imagine somebody 2 25 trying to stop planting speed out cut like you did. Exactly. Hey, listen, some something got To give. Exactly. Exactly. He is a, he is a, he Haslam an 18 wheeler body, but he Haslam a Ferrari engine in it.


And so he's so explosive. He gets so much elevation At some point in time, all that bounder up and down, up and down, running in and out. And if, if you have to stay on top of it, don't you, you have to get your treatment, but make sure you ice and your knees and your ankles look at, look it up. Look at LeBron. A lot of times LeBron, he got ice packs on his back as soon as game over, he got ice packs on his back. Right. He got his feet in the cold tub. He got ice bags on his knees. I, man, I remember when I first got to the league show, man, I saw them guys getting in cold tub and ice. I said, man, what? Get y'all old ass outta here. They said, okay, keep on playing by year five.


My young ass was in the cold tub. So, I mean, are are the, are the pelicans the blame at all? Or is everything, is the onus on this and the injuries year after year after year? Is this all on Zion? Just curious. Well, I mean, look, look, they, I mean, tcho, you can only do so much. I mean, what you do and what you do, how you eat, how you prepare. Are you getting enough rest? There are a lot of things that go into it. Teams cannot watch you 24 7. You can't. That's where the really good players, they do it away. Because if, if all you do is what's required of you, you're never gonna be great. You're never gonna be great.


You see, I, You know, I, I was reading the quote, will I am said, he said, work life balance is for someone that's fulfilling somebody else's dream. You got work life balance. You paying for somebody else, kids to go to college, you paying for their second and third home. Right? That's not yours. So what is it that Zion wants to do? How great does he want to be? Because if you want to be great and ask anybody that wants to be great, I'm talking about great, great. Ask him what their work life balance is about. Go ask Steph Curry, go ask LeBron. Go ask anybody that wants to be great.


Tom Brady. Michael Jordan, magic Johnson. Go ask anybody. Everybody don't want that greatness though. Ocho Yeah. Talk about it all the time. I can't want it, you can't want something more than somebody want it for themselves. Right. I don't care how much money you give somebody, because eventually that stimulus will go away. If you're not a very self-motivated person, there ain't enough money in the world to keep you motivated. Right. But we've seen guys a hundred million dollar contract, $200 million contract and give it all up. John just gotta make it to what's, what's important to him.


What does he wanna do? Why mean how, how does he wanna be remembered? Hey. Right. He made money. He's, he's, he's made a lot of money. He made 115 million. That's, that's an NBA salary. Not counting what he's made off the court. He is a Haslam, a brand brand Jordan deal that probably plays him $10 million a year. He can just live off that. Yeah. Damn man. What up? You know, I'm sure he Haslam some local stuff in, in, in, in New Orleans. I'm sure he Haslam Haslam, some lo local brands there that he's doing stuff with. But there's a, oh Joe, there's a price to be paid for greatness. Yeah. And if you don't, if you're not willing to pay that price, you don't deserve to be great.


You don't deserve to be successful. I ain't gonna sugar sugarcoated. Everybody doesn't want that. They don't, everybody don't wanna be great. Don't you people talk about greatness, but if you understood what it required of you. Yeah, IIII think someone like him as, as great as he was, You know, in, in college, I, I would, I would think, And I would hope he would wanna continue that greatness. And I think it's just been, it's been derailed due to obviously the injuries, maybe the weight, obviously being the size that he is and it being as explosive as he is, having that combination, it doesn't see fit.


And the first thing to give is your body certain, You know, certain parts of your body. So I'm, I I would think, You know, becoming or getting a little smaller similar than what Dak Haslam done and dropping what, 20, 30 pounds, however, however much they said know Dak had dropped. I think, You know, it, it would behoove him to do just that. I'm not sure who the people are around him. You know who his team is. I'm hoping he doesn't have a team of Yes. People, You know, that, that, that don't want to challenge him in any way that they see fit. You know, so they don't get they water cut off, if You know what I mean. I do. It's hard to find people like that Ocho. I, I'm, I'm very fortunate that I I I that I have friends that, And I, my sister, my sister, and she don't care.


Yeah. I'm like, you talking to me like this, You know, I pay all your bills. I might have you out on the street, you talking reckless to be like this. Right, right, right, right, right. But it's honest And I need that. She gonna check me. Yeah. But it's not easy Ocho because greatness require greatness is boring because it's a very monotonous, tedious job. 'cause you do the same thing over and over, Over and over and over. See if you look at people, now I'm not talking about, now I wonder how many vacations Jeff Bezos took when he was trying to build Amazon. Hmm. I wonder the guy that started Google, how many, how many vacations they took when they were trying to build it?


Well, when you worth 200 billion And you can go, you can go wherever you want to go. Now I'm talking about in the process of building. Right. And I need, bro, work life balance is not for people that desires greatness. It ain't, Hey, I, I don't, I don't know the effects And I don't know what would happen if, And I mean, no disrespect, what would happen if a player of Zion's caliber, would he still have that same explosiveness if he took the alternative route and taking something like ozempic? And I Don't know. I don't, that's legal. It, excuse me, even asking, I'm, I'm not trying to be disrespectful. I'm just asking, You know, It's probably, it's probably banned.


I mean, in order for you to take anything, anything. I mean, look, it's best to run it through the NBA let it let the medical doctor say it's probably banned unless you have diabetes. It's a diabetes, it's a diabetic drug. Ocho that's what it was intended for. Right. Okay. Okay. Okay. So unless you got diabetes, the NBA, the NFL or MLB probably not gonna let you take it. Right? I don't know. I listen, I'm, I'm sure they been trying to Mario about Being OCHO there sacrifices that comes along with that. You must be willing to deny yourself certain things. Right? See, discipline requires you to do your very best when no one else is watching you see discipline. Okay, I wanna do this, I need to do that.


Do I do this or do I do that? Right? That's what discipline does. I can remember though, unc ion came in the way they were talking, the way they hyped him up based on what he had already done in college. You do realize he was the one that was supposed to replace LeBron and be in the face of the league. Yeah. You know, they, they, they were, they were pushing. I remember they, they were, they were pushing that. And I, I was, I was, listen, I would've loved to see someone, You know, take that torch and had that torch passed on, passed on to him. But I mean, I think the injuries had just derailed it. And at this point being that he's not even played the 82 game season yet. I mean, why not take the alternative route and doing something else to, that makes it to take the weight off you right there.


But if it's something the NBA won't allow, I mean, I don't even Know if you, if you were, if you were to took em, I mean, because ozempic waist muscle and you'll never get it back. Look at people. Look at people that take ozempic and look at their musculature. Is this there, there's no, there's no oath to the muscle. Look at people, look at people that take ozempic and look at their definition. It's just nothing. Right? Yeah. But listen, if you don't have the muscle that, that, that takes away some of the explosion as well. You know? Of course. If you strip muscle away, where do you think the muscle, you got muscle in your glues.


Your hamstring, your quads. Yeah, absolutely. It's gonna impact you. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Nevermind on that then fine on that. I just think the thing is what's important to him, it's got, it's not important enough to him yet. He got down to 2 64. So he showed there's a level of discipline that he does have. So I just wish, I wish You know somebody, but like, no, I don't wish anything I wish, I wish Zion, this this is a Zion issue. This is not about people around him because at the end of the day, Zion is, is Zion's biggest enemy.


Jimmy Haslam called the Browns trade for Deshaun Watson, a big swing and miss in March, 2022. Wow. Cleveland Browns acquired Deshaun Watson from the Texans in a trade package that included three first round draft pick. The Browns then signed Deshaun to a $230 million contract fully guaranteed. Since joining the Browns, he started just 19 games because of suspension and injuries posted one of the lowest total QBR in the NFL. So for consecutive season in injuries in 23 and 24, we took a big swing and miss with Deshaun Haslam said, today we thought we had our quarterback And we didn't. We gave up a lot of draft picks to get him.


So we dug ourselves out of that hole. The trade was the entire organization's decision. And it ends with d And I. So hold us accountable. Yeah, I love that. I mean, You know, Jim Ed's made some mistakes, but he's, he's, because here's the thing, Ocho, you do realize when they signed Deshaun Watson, Deshaun Watson had not even started on the contract extension that the Houston, Texas had gave him. Yeah. He had never started that. They gave him an extra 80 million and he had, he was started on the contract that was supposed to happen. Yeah. Remember we just, I just talked about this yesterday about being able to get the truth.


When's the last time you heard an owner come out and say something like this at any point or gm? I like it At any point ever In the history. In the history. Even Ocho even though it's very obvious because ain't no general manager gonna sign up, can sign up on two 30. Right. That's gotta go all the way to The top way. To the top. But they would never say it though. Yes, they would never say it. This is unprecedented because they, they would never do this. And I just, And you just got on me last night about hearing the truth. Yes. Yep. I keep coming out and saying it like it is. Everybody else was say it. Yes. Yeah. Every but Ocho You know, You know the man, You know the man feeling some type of way. He said this, Deshaun Watson is still on his team.


Yeah. Matter of fact, he's still in the ocho. How you gonna coach? He's in the, he's in the building. Ocho I give better example. He Rehabbing Ocho. How about this here? I married the wrong woman while still being married. Not after you got a divorce. Oh, Joe, You know what I'm saying? I get a divorce. I've been together, we've been together five, six years. Hey, I bet Say that, Say that one more time. I don't think the people in chat heard you. Say it one more time. I'm still married And I say, You know what? Had a big swing and miss married the wrong woman. Hey man, listen, listen. I, I think, I don't know how things will go.


I don't know how things will go. Deshaun will come back this Year. I think they still owe him like what, like $80 million over the next three, two years. Don't, Joe, 82, if I'm not mistaken, 82. If I'm, if I'm not mistaken, do they take a quarterback in the draft Draft? Yeah. And hold what, what, what? Cleveland picky the giants are Pick three, right? Yeah. Titans of one. Oh, What are they? What they picking two?


That, that's, that's the, that's a big Decision. You gotta get a quarterback. You gotta get a quarterback. Do you think? But ho hold on, hold On, hold on. They, they ain 2 million. They're only 46 million the next two years. Okay. Hey, hold on. They, they gotta get a quarterback, right? Yes. What, what you thinking Cam Shado? Well, it all get all depends. It all depends on what Tennessee does at one. 'cause you don't control issue two. Yeah. Everything is being controlled by one. What does Tennessee need? Quarterback. And what do you think Abdu Carter's gonna go? Everybody believes that the Tennessee Titans are taking Cam Ward with one.


I have a question. Yes. You know what? I'm not gonna do any comparisons. Okay. Cam wore that one. So Abdul, Abdul Carter. I thought he might be the one to go first. Tennessee might pull a wool. Everybody over everybody's eyes, but obviously they do need a quarterback. I I'm assuming they don't believe in Will Levis with the mistakes and inconsistencies that he had. How The hell, how the hell I'm gonna believe it will Levis and this joker got up picking one. Yeah. Hell Whatcha talking about believe in it. He in this position. Yeah. Hell now Listen, normally, normally we we're able to, at least when the draft comes along, you can tell the first three picks and definite who's going where in that order.


Now, once you get the four, ain't no telling what's gonna happen. I this year in draft. I don't know who's going what. Yeah, I, I I just don't. Now they, we know Tennessee music quarterback, but who do they like more? Do they like Cam? Do they like Shado? The New York Giants? The Giants have to take a quarterback. The Browns have to take a quarterback. But You know, everybody keeps saying that. You know, the Giants said, well, You know, we don't have to take a quarterback at, at, at, at. And yes, You, yes you do. That's why you that position, You know, they gonna say whatever they wanna say. You know, for one, this is what the league is known for doing is they gonna lie. They gonna lie. Yeah. And hope you pass who they really want.


Yeah. 'cause law want you to trade up to get it. Especially the only, the only way I can, I can prevent somebody from taking is that I'm in the one spot. Because you can't trade above one Uhuh. And I ain't trading which like in Harlem, in Harlem Nights And I ain't trading punk. Well it, it depends. Now you never know what package someone, someone from below you might give you in exchange for that number one pick. If they want said player bad enough, they'll come Kitty. But here's the thing, do you believe the guy, because ain't no price tag. You can't offer Kansas City enough for Patrick Holmes.


You can't offer Cincinnati enough. You can't offer a Buffalo enough. You can't offer Baltimore enough. So the question is, do you believe that the guy, the quarterback that you take, is gonna give you 10 years of prosperity? Wait a minute now look at the names you just said. Well, lemme ask you a question. Oh, did you think those guys were, do you think those guy, did you think Josh Ellen was gonna be what he was, what he turned out to be? No, Patrick did Lamar Jackson was the 32nd pick and the Raven traded back to get him. Patrick Mahomes, Andy traded, he was 17 spots to zoom up to the board. So it's easy to say hindsight because it's a magnificent science on the projections.


You see what happened when you miss with that guy. Yeah. Chicago had an opportunity to take Deshaun. They had an opportunity to take Mahome boy. And what did they do? They took Trubisky. Well that's, that's one job. Well that's one job. But that's a difficult job, man to be being a scout, having the eye for talent, watching players play in shorts and shirts, judging every, everything off what they do at the combine and what they put on film. I mean, everybody knew. Everybody knew Joe Bur Joe was the only like etched in stone. He was the number, he was the, he was the number one. Knew what it was. Yeah. Knew what it was. Bobby, because I'm trying to think because Baker Mayfield was in that draft with Josh Allen.


Yeah. And, and my homeboy. And not my homeboy. Lamar, If you could do that draft all over, what would the order be now? Oh, you're taking Lamar one, Josh Allen two. Yeah, for sure. Just like if you do Mahomes draft, you're taking my Mahomes number one for sure. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. I mean it's a, it's a mistake because it, look, you can make a mistake in a lot of other positions, but nothing sets you back or doors more damage to your franchise than the quarterback show stake At the quarterback position every time.


Look, If your foundation is, You know, if the roof I can do the roof ain't no hell on no foul. Right? Right. Window something, You know, we got, I, I get it. But that foundation, the quarterback of the foundation piece of an organization and when you miss or it's crack. Yeah. Messes up everything. Messes up everything. Well Lamar going won Josh Allen going two. Who else was in that draft? Sam Darna was in that draft.


Oh wow. Happened. Mike Warner Do was head coach. Mike McDaniel said he wants to be on the hot seat like Nick Sirianni was. I wanted to be on that same hot seat that Nick Sirianni was on last year. Bro, you ain't got from top to bottom. You don't have that Kind Of, does he realize how, what, how talented what a job Howie Roseman Haslam done. Yeah. He knows. He, he, he, he understands. He understands. Listen, the saying will always remain true. Players get coaches fired and players keep Coke jobs. Now you look at the landscape of your team.


Do you have where Ani Haslam in Philly? No. And defensively, look at like a team like that. You can keep your job for a while. Oh joke. Look at that offensive line that man got. Look at Philly's offensive line going to the hall of Fame Is Lane Johnson. Lane Johnson. Dick Dickon Landon Dixon. Pardon? That He is a multi all pro pro Bowl player. Myah. Yes sir. They just lost the Hall of Famer in Jason Kelsey. Yeah. You got a back in and in in Saquon who was offensive player of the year. You got two outstanding receivers.


Yeah. You got one of the two or three best defensive tackles in all the football. Yeah. Does he understand what they have? What, what, what? How Roseman Haslam been able to build. You don't have that. You on the hot seat, you can fire Josh, Mike McDaniel. Hey there. There's one thing that can save him though. What? There's one thing that can save him. If that offense looked like it did the previous season, not last season. If Tua stays upright and stays healthy and waddle and Tyreek contributed the way they did. Well they were, they were what? Top five in both in, in all categories. Statistically at the seats. Now that will help the affinity for the Dolphins.


Haslam always been their offense. Lemme ask you a question. Even when they had the outstanding season, what good team did they beat? When the weather dropped? When the weather got cold, what team did they beat? They lost. So, and that's, that's also the year where everyone that they did beat was below 500. Exactly. And when it got cold, what happened? Yeah. So Now, I don't know if you noticed this, but teams that normally make the playoffs Kansas City Cole in Kansas City in January. Yeah. Baltimore. It's cold in Baltimore. In January. Yeah. Even in Denver. It's cold in Denver. You better hope. You better hope Las Vegas or, or the Chargers make it.


Yeah. So you indoors. 'cause think about Ocho, every other Buffalo, it's cold. Cincinnati. It's cold. Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, Baltimore, Denver. It's cold. Kansas City. It's cold. So where un unless you have home Field Miami or you play the VA Las Vegas or you play the charger, you will be outside and, and probably in Clement weather. Yeah. Something that in the history. As long as I can remember the Dolphins Haslam, a fared wear lit, fared well. So reason be careful what you ask for.


Be careful now. The Volume.


Hey, all you women's soups, fans and folks who just don't know yet that they're women's soups fans. We've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire. And everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa. Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game. Right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She Haslam text Threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival. Presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. T Miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas Red Rascal, flex Cole. Swindell. Sam Hut. Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now at ticketmaster.com.