
The battlefield is set. The stakes are high. The only thing standing between you and victory, nothing ascend to the pinnacle of gaming Greatness with Lenovo Legion laptops, towers and the new award-winning Legion Go. The world's first officially licensed handheld powered by Steam. West Legion relentlessly pushes gaming technology forward with Towers built for raw untamed power laptops with best in class AI tuning that sharpen your reflexes and the Legion. Go a handheld for serious gaming on the go. Stay ahead with lightning fast responsiveness on a stunning 16 inch pure site display. Keep your cool with cold front thermal technology engineered for marathon sessions and with all day battery life, the game never stops until you say so. So check out lenovo.com/legion Lenovo Lenovo Empowering creators everywhere.


Optimize your nutrition with Factor America's Number one, ready to eat meal service factor fresh. Never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like calorie smart and protein plus factors. Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off to get 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


Galaxy A 15 by T-Mobile, The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bitch. You can make Raft kings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the rack with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Currently, colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the US and it's on the rise in people under the age of 50. But when caught at early stages, colon cancer is survivable in 90% of the people. So screening and early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. And a great one of a kind way to feel more in control of your colon cancer screening is through the Cologuard test. A prescription based test with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. The Cologuard test is the only FDA approved, non-invasive option that looks for both altered DNA and blood in your stool, which can indicate the presence of abnormal cells. This test offers convenience and ease of use and the kit is delivered right to your door. Once you complete the kit, it is returned to the lab and results are available within two weeks. Plus it's affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and if you do need a colonoscopy as a follow up, most insurance plans cover that as well. So if you're 45 or older and at average risk, ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with the Cologuard test. You can request a Cologuard prescription today at Cologuard dot com slash podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use the Cologuard test. If you've had adenomas have inflammatory bowel disease or certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopy in high risk patients. Cologuard test performs an adult age. 45 to 49 is estimated and based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older false positives and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Spring is right around the corner. And You know what that means? More time to enjoy quality moments with your partner. Whether it's a long walk in the park or a cozy evening at home, there's no better time to spark up that connection. Literally introducing Rose Sparks the two in one prescription treatment that helps you get stronger, harder erections, faster Rose Sparks dissolve right under your tongue and hit the bloodstream quicker, meaning you'll be ready to go in just 15 minutes on average. And with up to 36 hours of action, you've got more time to enjoy yourself. Round after round with Rose Parks you get thicker, longer erections you want and the stamina that lasts longer, making it more fun for the both of you. It's all about being ready for play. Whenever the moment strikes and the best part, Rose Sparks connect you with a medical provider, a hundred percent online, no awkward in-person visits if you approve your treatment ships right to your door. If prescribed new sexual health patients gets $15 off Sparks on a reoccurring plan, connect with a provider@ro.co slash Nightcap to find if prescription RO sparks are right for you. That's ro.co/ Nightcap for $15 off your first order. Compound drugs are permitted to be prescribed under federal law but are not FDA approved and do not undergo FDA safety effectiveness or manufacturing reviews. For full safety info, go to ro.co/safety info.


OCHO Miles Garrett and the Browns agreed on the contract extension to make him the highest paid non quarterback that's to Title Rebar was had been Max Crosby for all of 24 hours. The new deal comes after Garrett requested a trade in Brown's owner Jimmy Haslam reportedly refused to meet with him. Well they reached an agreement today on a record contract extension that averages $40 million per year and includes a 123.5 million in guaranteed money. Now makes him the highest paid non quarterback in NFL history. It also guarantees him $100 million in the first three years.


It gives him $1 million off season workout bonus Garrett, agent Nicole Lynn of Clutch Sports finalized the deal today. Oh, let me guess. I guess LeBron has something to do with that. 'cause y'all consider Rich Paul can't do nothing without LeBron. Right, but Nicole, Nicole, congratulations. Clutch rich. Congratulations. I'd like to see us win. I'd like to see us do big things and I pull, I pull for you guys, congratulations on the contract. You YouTube miles 'cause you're the one that had to put the work in. Yeah. But I'm glad you got something that you feel comfortable with and hey, you going back, you're, you're staying in Cleveland?


Yeah. And listen, a lot, a lot of people say, I saw a tweet today and I looked at him like the tweet was along the lines of I thought he wanted to go to a winning team or we stayed for the money. I thought championships were all that mattered. And I thought about it and I saw that to Some people. Yeah, Yeah. To, to some people. I mean, listen, I championships are a great thing. Obviously it is a team achievement, but to be on a team, we afforded the opportunity and the chance to actually compete for championship. It is, is it's a great thing, but it's, it doesn't happen for everybody. Everybody no win the ring. Everybody, everybody Shouldn't win a championship if every great player won a championship.


What's the significance of winning a championship then? If everybody could, if every great player was guaranteed to win. What? Yeah. That's what makes the championship so special because everybody isn't guaranteed and sometimes lesser tier players win one or multiple. Yeah, okay. Happens. It does. But I know one thing if has had gave him that conversation and he got, and he had got up out of Cleveland and was on the open market, I mean that deal would look, that that deal would look a lot, a lot bigger than what it does now. Even though it is great. Yeah. I think, Man, I think OI think Ojo looking, I think he had another year or two years left on his contract, but he had no more guaranteed money.


Right. See you go ask nicely. They go like, nah, you signed the contract, you say trade me and You know, suitors are gonna be lined up by the yin yang. Yeah. Especially for that type of player player. Absolutely. It a yeah, it won't work for everybody now. You know. No. Some people you notice, some people ask for a trade and you see what they did. Okay. Yeah. You can get that. Here you go. Yeah. And, and and, and people like, and I know people like, well You know, he said this and that, bro. Everybody gonna be Tom Brady take less money and then Tom Brady make it more now than he did when he played football per a year. Yes sir. Now what NFL player, what other player you think gonna be able to make a car, get a car, get, get a job like that, make it damn near 40 million a year for the next 10 years or get a Tony Romo deal making 17 million or Troy Aman making 19 million Guys, you have to understand everybody's not in a position to turn down boatloads of money in hopes of winning a championship.


There is no guarantee that even if you take less money or you go somewhere else, you're going to win. Yeah, I got no problem. Yeah, I know what he said. I heard what he said. I was listening to it. But it is what it is. Everybody's not gonna be fortunate enough to win a championship. Everybody's not gonna be fortunate enough that win their careers up Ocho to go get a job to make just as much if not more money. Right. Than they did when they were playing A hundred million over the next three years. How old is Miles Garrett? 29. 28. 29. Young boy. 29 young. He not even 30 yet.


Yeah. Come on bro. Man please. What y'all talking about? They, I don't know what they talking about either. Money, talk crack, cash screams, y'all. I don't know where y'all from but a hundred million G you gonna get a hundred million dollars in the next three years. Okay. A hundred million. It's beautiful on end. Yeah. Maybe I chase a ring later in my career after I done made 200 million. Yeah. Now you talking. Now I can sacrifice a little bit of money and in hopes of going to a team that's close and maybe they need a a 34, a 33 30 4-year-old pass.


Russia, Allah v Miller turns into a hired gun. But nah, no team may have been hit harder today than the Bengals. Miles Garrett. $40 million per year extension reset to both pass rushing market and the benchmark for the highest paid non quarterback. You see what happens on Joe? Yeah. See if you did this earlier, if you did something with Troy Hend, Trey Hendrickson early, you ain't got to worry about it. Nope. If you did something with Chase. Yeah. Chase had 17 other yards of 17 touchdowns, no receiving history ever had that many pass receiving yards and that many touchdowns. Now you got and He climb by it with the triple crown. You got to pay double for that. You got, matter of fact, you gotta pay Triple for that. So now, and your GM and your GM said, oh, he gonna be the highest paid nine quarterback that's hip.


But hey, see sometimes Ocho, every time you open your mouth a toe pop out, cut your foot in your mouth high non. Yeah. Mike Brown, cheap ass Pro. Oh my bad Mike Brown, chief tell probably say, Hey, why you talking? You can't give away my money. Hey Ocho, You know when you a kid? Yeah. And you just go, people I see kids in the store, they just putting stuff on the counter. They parents put that back. They're putting more stuff up there. No, I say put it back, don't put no more up here. Right. That's what Toby did to Mike Brown. Whoa, whoa. Now You know you got a trade, trade. Yeah. He done saw two. One guy get 35 million and another guy got 40 million and you think I'm going to sign for anything less than 30 plus million.


Oh. Oh, I wish I might. Yeah. And listen, they, they don't, they don't have no choice, You know, but to pay your, And you already franchise ee so, and you can't, you see the thing is that when you give teams give players bonus, you can spread that over the life of the contract ocho. Right. So, You know, now, in other words, you prorate it Well with t it's won your deal. Where you gonna spread it? You can't. So Now you stuck with $26 million cap here, chase. You gonna have to get Chase. Chase gonna be looking to get a hundred million dollars over the first three years. Three years. Yeah. We got two.


You ain't got no choice but to do. Right. And they, they not, they not finna play. He they not, he not finna play. Who? His agent, I'm not sure who his agent is. I'm, I'm not sure. But whoever his agent is, ain't Finn to play either. Especially with no what happened last season? Absolutely not bro. All I'm going about what you told me, you told me Chase was going to be the highest paid non quarterback. I didn't ask for that. That's what you said. Now if it's a lie you said it do do I need to, Hey, and we in a few good men. When they, when they asked Colonel Jessop, when Kathy asked Colonel Jessup, do you need me to play back what you said? He says, no, I know what I said.


You said, Hey men follow orders or people die. Man, that what he said. Yeah. So did you think You know, Todd, this old man don't know what he's talking about. Let's do No, no. Kathy men fall follow orders or people Die. Yep. Okay. As simple as that. Oh, chase got robbed. Rocky aal. Okay, okay. Okay. I'm not surprised 'cause Rocky's from New Orleans is from New Orleans area. He had Marshall Falk. He had Zeke. I don't, he got t Higgins also. So I Rock will get the money.


Get that money. Rock get that money Ocho. Yeah. Dk Metcal 33 million a year. What you think t asking for Now? See you, you, you see, you see what I mean? Now listen, as, as my Bango fans, they been getting on my head too now they been getting on my head talking about what you doing? You always talking, You know, we want Tee here and it sound like you don't know what, what I want for t to do is to get as much money as he can after getting franchise franchise tag one year in a year. Me? I I I ain't giving you no discounts. Yeah. I'm not Ocho not the first Ocho not my first big contract. That's why.


Maybe down the road, but I can't give you a break the first I first time out the gate. Yeah. I mean listen, I I I say it all the time, but for selfish reasons, You know, fans of certain teams are only focused on what's best for the team and not what's best for the player itself. That that's, that's, that's the mindset. As much as I love my Bengals, You know, from Orange, from Orange to the Black, from the who to today. I just want the individual because I understand what it took to get where he is. I understand what it's like to be franchise tag and, and, and feeling like a player like, well damn you don't value me, you don't value what I bring to the table.


You know, because to me, most of the time, You know, when you franchise me the first year, that's all it says. Because if you did value me, you would pay me and now go again. You, You know who else watching this with Big eyes? Yeah. Who that? David Mulet. You know who that is? That's Michael Parson's agent. Oh my goodness. Hey Micah. Micah, Micah. Deal finna be Stew. You see what happens when you wait till the umpteenth hour old joke. Yeah, you did that with Dak. You had to pay him 60 million. You did it with cd. Right. You had to give him 34 million. Now Micah Parsis, he says he now we gonna put to the test what he said if it's true or not, about not wanting to be the highest paid defensive player.


We gonna put that to the test because guess what Ocho we've seen Miles Garrett get two contracts. Right. Both of them made him the highest paid at the time was he was eventually surpassed. But for twice Micah says, Hey, I would like to have just one of those on my resume. Right. Oh, he gonna get it. It's gonna be a lot of it too. It's gonna be a lot of it. Oh yeah. And rightfully so. But the, the Bengals did this to themselves. Ocho Yeah. By, by by franchising tea.


And then, and see that's what happens now. DK gets this t say, bro, y'all think y'all about to gimme less than 30 million. Really? I many. Is that what y'all thinking? Chase says, Hey, hey y'all see, hey y'all see what a a miles got, I'm gonna need five more million. I'm need 105 guaranteed. The first, the the the first. Yeah. 35. I need 35. So basically ca I need 35. I need that fully guaranteed. The first three years I need 105 million. Yeah. I need that fully guaranteed. I'm gonna need one 30. I'm gonna need one 30 guaranteed. But I wouldn't need 105 of that fully guaranteed. So no matter what come hell or high water Right.


I'd be on a rowboat. But I know I got 105 million coming, which you gonna be in a rowboat? Bad please. Oh, that's Funny. I'm, You know what, I'm, I'm happy for all these dudes, man. Yeah. I'm happy for all I hope Girl. Hey, all, All the work you all the, all the work you all the work they put in, I, You know, on the outside, the, the, the, the people, the fans, the people in the chat, You know that, that watch the game. You, you, you're fans of certain teams. You only get to see the finished product. You get to see the finished product on Sundays. You don't understand what goes into it, what goes into it to get to this point to where they're making this kind of money. You just see the finished product on Sundays, them catching play them catching passes, them getting sacks or them throwing touchdowns.


Like I understand the work that goes into it, which is why I get so happy every time somebody gets that bag like that. Which is why I'm I, that's why I'm an advocate, You know, even though I'm a Bengal fan for Tee, getting as much as he can where I feel he can get more elsewhere based on what he's done for us and what he can do for another team if given the chance to maximize his potential and his earnings on his first deal. That's all I'm saying. I would love for it to be in Cincinnati, but I just understand how much Burrow and Chase are gonna eat up most of the money and Oh, t what we supposed to just get t what's left over that ain't right. Hell no. Even even it as a Bango fan, that's not, that's not right for him.


You know? And it like Ung said, just because you take less doesn't guarantee anything. It doesn't. Nope. It doesn't. Hey, hey Ojo. You know, you say don't, hey, don't tell nobody what you got, man. They just paid me this. I'm telling I ain't not, I'm telling Sure is. I'm telling. Hey, there's a reason they put it out there now They stop. I don't know Ocho did they still pass that shoot around where you see where everybody on your team make and then everybody that played your position around the league, what they make? Do they still, did they still do that when you was playing? Yeah, absolutely. Hey, absolutely. Get you wo ocho you be on like, oh whoa, you make it that play funny.


Yeah. Oh yeah, I know. Hey, I know you walk up to the window with a ski mask Who stealing now. Fuck your man. You know me, UNC. Hey, hey. There, there, There, there's some, you look at some names on there and you look at that, you look at the, the number mount next to the name. Yeah. But now You know he's stealing. Come on now, Man. I be like, oh bro, You know you can't have no pistol on no whole NFL property. You had to have a gun. I know you hijacking these people. Come on. Ain't no way you show your face up at that pay window and you play it like this here and you making all this money.


What Funny man. Hey that she had people Hey Chad, I'm telling you that, that that, that she had people hot and then you look around the league and see what them joke was making. I like Oh no. Oh hell no. Crazy work. Oh yeah. Crazy work. Yep. But I'm, I'm, yeah, I'm, I'm excited for these dudes, man. And it is not over. It's not over. It's just, just starting it, just getting started. Aren't yo I tell people, I say, look, guys in the seventies was mad at the people in the eighties. The eighties when people mad at the people in the nineties. The nineties was mad. The, it it, it is what it is, bro. I mean, you don you think about, think about it. Look what Kelly and Ozzy and Christensen and all those guys that came before me made based and look at what I made and then the guys coming around now, guys making 17, 18.


I'm like, whoa. Damn bro, get your paper. I ain't gonna be, Hey, I played in the era I made good money, took care of it too. It ain't how much you making. It's how much you keep. Yeah. Okay. I kept a little bit of mine, didn't make a whole lot, but I kept a lot of it. Yeah. But man, I can't, I, I ain't, I ain't mad at these guys here. I ain't gonna, Hey, all I'm saying is like, but what it did do Ocho, even though I was a rookie and I saw that list, I was like, oh, if he can make that, if he could make 400,000, I know damn well I can make 4 0 5. Oh Motivating. Yes. That's what it did for me. It was, I wasn't hating.


I'm like, I'm better than you right now. Right now. One way, I mean I look, I I watch these tight end, I think like my second year or two I made $73,000. Yeah, no, I made, yeah, I made 70, $73,000 and I'm looking at the tight end. I said, boy, you good and terrible. I said, all I said, I hate to tell you, but you really a one drop pass away From being at home, working, Working in a warehouse. Yeah. Hey, look, look, look how God work. You went from making, I say, boy, you went from making 73,000 a year to making 70,000. I paid twice.


Yeah. Come on man. Hey, oh, you probably make 73,000 a day, man. Come. Huh? Boy, please never pay me 73,000 a day. Hey, hey, I, I a plump 73,000 a day. How much, how much is that? 73,000 a day. They paid me 73,000 a day.


What, what would that be? And I guarantee that That's 2.2 million times 12. That's about 26. That about 26 million a year. No, I ain't making that ocho. Okay. Okay. My bad. But I, I hope too one day. Yeah, I listen, but I about oh, You say, we say, oh, you a fool. Would I, I'm going look here. I don't know where I'm going, but I'm going somewhere. I'm going somewhere. I'm going to par unknown. I don't know where I'm going man.


Please. Huh. But they be Nightcap because that be night. Hey, they might not be, they might not be Nightcap for a week or it might be Nightcap join, have to put it up on, on the plane. Little private jet somewhere. But they gonna beat die. Count The funny thing about it. Please, I could picture you. Yeah. If you were making $70,000 a day and act a fool. Which is why it's so goddamn damn funny. 'cause I know you would be. Yeah. Oh. Oh my goodness. Oh man. Man, I ain't no one one like that. I wasn't till I made 73,000 a day.


How was it bad please? Yeah. No. Okay. Okay. That that, that, that was a good one. That was a good one. Ocho sa Gardner has a question for you. Can somebody educate me on why the cornerback market is significant lower than a DN and a wide receiver? Mm, highest paid pass. Russia 40 million and highest paid non well, highest paid pass rush in the NFL miles. Garrett makes 40 million Max Crosby 35 and a half. Nick Bosa. Because here's the thing, sauce, you can't impact the game like those guys can. Mm.


I like that you put it Like, because see what you gonna do not pass the ball if you don't pass the ball. Yeah, you're right. You could somewhat neutralize what Max Crosby and the other guy do. I can just stay away from you. I ain't gotta throw to you. Right. I mean, I mean, guys do attack you now. If you was time, like time and I, we talk all the time, man. He say, he say sharp if I'm playing right now, how much you think they have to pay me? I say what they pay the D ends. Exactly. He bought a totally, he bought a a totally different dynamic to the position, huh? Yeah, totally different. I, You know, I understand what SA sauce is saying in a, in a I do, I get it.


But you might, they might not impact the game, but I feel DB is the most difficult position of 'em all. It, it absolutely is. It absolutely it's Most difficult. You paying receivers that know where they're going 30 north of 30 some north of 40 million and you're telling me I have to go out here and stop these elite players week in and week out. Why shouldn't I beated as much when I'm talking? It's the hardest, it's the hardest job to play ocho. Yeah. Because everything you do, you have to do it backwards. Backwards. And when people say, you look at Ginger Rogers and Fred Astaire. Yeah. Ooh, she had a harder job because Fred Astaire lead, she had to do everything he was doing and doing it backwards.


Backwards. And she did it in heels, in a ball gown. Oh yeah. So you are asking a man to say, Hey, you got Tyree, so I want you to backpedal for about five to six yards, and then I need you to turn and run with him. Oh my bad. He running the comeback. He ain't running a go. Damn. Oh, he running. Oh damn. He running the over. He ain't running a go. He ain't running the out. Oh, you got him on the shallow cross too? Ah, damn. He ran a whip. He ain't running the shallow cross. You know I'm saying you got all that. Yeah. Ah, that's crazy. I I totally get, I totally listen as a former DB myself, I'm, but you, you're right.


At some point, You know there's gonna be a DB that's gonna crack that $40 million range. I'm not sure. There ain't gonna Be no time soon. Hell, they barely, they barely in the twenties. For real? Yeah. Yeah. Look, What did Pat Junior get? Pat got what, what, 2021 or 22 a year? That's it. I think Ramsey the highest. Ain't Ramsey the highest babe? I ain't know. I ain't know it was that low. That's Yeah, they, they aint, they aint cool. They ain't nowhere near the thirties. They probably about five, six years away from the thirties ocho That's significantly low. And I'm no disrespect to the chat. I'm talking about N-F-L-N-F-L players, so I'm not comparing it to, You Know, that's what we base it on.


Yeah. We, The look not comparing it that's normal folks. Yeah. Yeah. Oh man. And that's what, that's what, You know, a lot of times, You know, people say, well, if I made that up Yeah, of course. But you looking at it from a salary that you already made. Right. So yeah, of course you would go from 75,000 to 10 million. Okay. Or 15 20 million. But if you feel that you should get more. Right. Are you willing to go from 75,000 just to 82? Probably not. Geez. Average 4.1. Yeah, Ramsey is 24.1.


So they, they, they three years away from 30 ocho. You know who might be close though? I, one sauce is up Stingley and I'm not sure when Derrick Stingley is up, but my god, that goddamn Derrick Stingley boy, man. Oh, he good. But we got a, all I know is there, there's some great corners. Some young corner in this league. Number two endeavor is the best. Oh yeah. Number two the best. That joke is so smooth, man, that joke is like he gliding Nice. He nice. Very nice.


This is Ashley Connet from the Ben and Ashley. I almost same as podcast. It feels like everyone is talking about GLP ones These days. Those are Ozempic and Semaglutide. And with Future Health, you can find out if they're right for you too. Maybe you feel like you've been struggling with your weight for years. And no matter how much you diet and exercise, you just don't feel healthy. Just go to try fh.com to find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Future health is not your healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may be very sponsored by Future Health.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees. Fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bancorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members FDIC. SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Boosts are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


It's tax season. And by now I know we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's an important one. You need to hear $16.5 billion. That's how much money and refunds the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related to tax fraud in 2024 alone. But it's not all grim news. Here's a good Number. One hundred million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by another good number. The million dollar protection plan. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength in numbers With LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.


Don't miss your window of opportunity. Upgrade your space now during blinds dot com's anniversary sale and save up to 50% sitewide Blinds.com. Elevate your windows with the Number one online retailer of custom window treatments. blinds.com offers hundreds of premium window treatment options. Choose from woven wood and Roman shades to blinds, motorized shades and more. All designed to fit your budget without sacrificing. Quality blinds.com brings the showroom to you. With free virtual consultations and samples delivered directly to your door fast and free. Our design experts can help schedule a professional measure and installation plus guidance for DIYers too. blinds.com has been trusted for 29 years, earning thousands of five star reviews. Shop with confidence knowing you'll get upfront pricing. No hidden fees and blinds dot com's. 100% satisfaction guarantee. But hurry, these savings won't last. Shop blinds dot com's anniversary sale happening right now for up to 50% off sitewide. Save up to 50% sitewide@blinds.com. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Davante Adams Rams is headed to Southern Southern California. Ain't getting a two year deal worth 46 million. 23 million. He got 26 million guaranteed. Adams Aris in LA as the Ram prepared to part ways from former Triple Crown winner. Cooper Cup ocho, you like this move? Absolutely. The funny, the funny thing I talked, I talked about it earlier in the show. You lose a Cooper Cup, one of the best route runners of all time, a triple crown, not too far removed from that Triple crown I might add. Then you get pulled, NKU comes outta nowhere. They put him in the positions in which they used to put Cooper Cup in and he's just that good. He's good. You can play on the outside. He can play on the outside big fast. I mean, he's not blazing fast, but he's fast enough.


And then, okay, now you're losing cup and you are able to go get Davante Adams Rams. Have we seen Davante Adams Rams before? I'm not. Not the one with New York J Not that one. Not the one with Las Vegas Raiders where they didn't use them the right way, but the one could still get it done because I saw flashes of brilliance and what we're used to seeing from Davante Adams Rams when he was at Green Bay. Man, he gonna be, he might have a little resurgence. That's what I like to call it. You got your money. So there there, there's no reason for them not to use you offensively put you in the same positions that they put Cooper Cup. You can run the same exact routes, you can get open. You don't need help. One of the few receivers in the NFLI don't need McVey to scheme me open.


Tell me what you want me to do and lemme show you. Watch me go do it. He's surgical with them feeding there always. Oh yeah, for sure. Always had. Yeah. He, if I, I like this matchup and he has a guy that can get into football. He can put, he can put the, he can put the football in places that's gonna give you a chance to run because that's the difference is that a lot of guys can hit you. But can you hit me with the ability to run then I don't have to break my stride pattern. Yeah. You look at what the way Joe throws Chase. Chase catch the ball. He just, just take off. He can do so much when he got the ball in his hands. Yes. Anytime you can throw a receiver, a five yard out, a slant a hitch and there's a chance that they might go hit their head off the gold post.


Yep. Man, stop playing. Yeah, stop playing. And you look at, like I said, the, we've talked about Deceivers, You know you got McDuffy in Kansas City, he coming up in a couple of years old Joe. Yeah. He got stingy. I see Stingley. Yeah. So we, I I don't know if Sauce has done anything. I maybe they go probably have to do something with Sauce here shortly. Yeah. But I, I like to move. I I like Tay going to the ra, the, the Rams. Yeah, I Do. I like it a lot. Especially, especially for the offense. The offense is not gonna miss a beat. They, they, they not gonna miss a beat. Joy Bosa and the 49 ERs are having good conversation and this feels like he is heading towards a deal.


Nothing is done, but Bosa Brothers wants to be together and probably will get that this year. Which likely means it'll be a moderate deal with heavy incentives. The 49 ERs can offer joy playing time, but also a role where he doesn't have to put wear and tear on his body, which could keep him healthy for the duration of a season. He had Ocho he Has that ever happened Before? When he's in there he can, he'll, he'll record. He's, You know, but he's missed 40 games. Yeah. And he still has 72 sacks over his career. So it just goes to show you when he's on the field, he can make a difference. Yeah. We just gotta keep his ass on the field. Yep. Has has this ever happened before?


I know there've been two Brothers played together, Played together. I know. You know, I came off the top of my head. Oh, that's, that's amazing. I mean, I, I I think that's dope. Just the, the fact that you have the opportunity To No, I don't think Preston and Drew Pearson was brothers did. I don't, I don't think they were brothers. Don Joe. I think they just had the same last name. Have two brothers ever played together? Oh, qui Chiqui. Oh yeah. The Griffin Brothers in Seattle. Oh yeah. Dog and Hackett. I forget that. That wasn't even that long. Live backers. Yeah, that wasn't even that long ago. Yeah, that's right. It's right.


Hold on. What about Derrick and TJ Watt one was a fullback in Pittsburgh, right? Yeah. Okay. Not the Ronde. Ronde was in Tampa and Tiki was in New York. Oh yeah. The McCordy brothers remember that trade? He won that left to Tennessee and wind up going to New England. That's right. He did. Yeah. Bill did bring him over there. That's right. That's right. Yeah. But I like it. Hopefully they didn't get it done. I mean, they seemed to wanna play with each other. I don't think they played, was he there when his, I don't think he, Nick wasn't there when Joey was at Ohio State. He came the year Joy left and Nick came.


Or was Nick a freshman when Joey left? I mean, Hey, that's, that's exciting. That has to be exciting. Oh Yeah. The Jets and Queen Williams and New Linebacker Williams. They brothers right. Quinn 56 in 93 in 95. They are. I thought so. Yeah. Quinny and Quincy. Mm. But I like this Ocho. Yeah. Eagles stand a standout rookie. Quin Mitchell got a wild tattoo after winning the Super Bowl.


That's it. Hell of a year. Wow. Round one. Pick 20. What? 22 is that? 22 Super Bowl champs. That's a lot. Got a lot done in one day. Till next time, bro. Woo. Hey, that's live. He, he look here, he's Earned the right. I'll give that. If I win 20, I don't care if I win 15 Super Bowls. You ain't tell I ain't get nothing. You ain't get nothing. What? Hell no. Yeah, That thing hurt. Oh, you ain't got no, you ain't got no tattoos. See now we can add that, we can add that to the list of things to do in 2025. Get you, get your tattoo.


What'd that mean You help you buddy? Nah, that ain't finna happen. Hey, It is so funny. I mean, when I think about it, I, I would think someone like you would have tattoos then. My crazy, my crazy tale. I got 44 and you was talking about you ain't got none. I thought the only time I ever thought about getting a tattoo, what's her name, what's name? I was, I found, I found notes name I Mary Porter. Mary V. Porter, that's her name. And my sister. Because I was telling my sister about it and my sister like Shannon, that'd be so nice.


My sister found something where my, where my grandmother wrote her name, Mary V. Porter. And I thought about it. I said, Libby, I would love to. I said, but You know, granny, it'd be so mad. She hated tattoos. Okay, okay, okay. She Said, son, she like, son, don't mark your body up. Okay. I gotcha. You know them old, You know them old people talking about? Yeah. Oh yeah. She like, like I'm actually drawing on my body like I'm scribbling something. And I, and I thought about it and I had, I had the piece of the, the thing that she, that she had wrote her name on and I was gonna take her to a tattoo and have it put it right over my heart. That's what I put it right here. And I just thought about it. I said, man, granted man, you'd be mad gran, it'd probably be boy granny roll over in her grave.


My, my, I I I could just hear her now. Son. Why you mark your body like that? Even her name. She still would be be satisfied. Mm. No, my, my, my grandma. I, I don I don't maybe, I don't know if I was 15 or 16, but I, I got, I got my, I got Philippians four 13. I could do all, all things through Christ with strength in me. And I got a text when I came home. Oh, she was piss boy or she was pissed. I was like, well listen, I, I just, I just thought about, You know, something, I would like something that would resonate with me and resonate with you as well because you the one who had me in bible study, you the one who had me in church every Sunday.


Boy she was hot. Not only would you hot years later, I got about my senior year in high school. I was probably up to 22 tattoos by that point. What? Yeah, I'm, I'm covered up everywhere. I just, you never see it because I'm, I'm normally covered up. So if you see Mm, you pay attention. Yeah. I'm About blackness. Yeah. It's hard to see in the dark. That what you covered up with. And I'm covered up everywhere, man. From, from my ankle, all the, all all the way up, man. To my, yeah. I almost did my face by accident too. I'm glad I didn't. Boy please. No, nothing big. Nothing big. Just, You know, small, small, small, small stuff. But I I I didn't do it.


Nah, you did the right thing. Don't do that. Ocho, why would you do that? Ocho? I, I, I'm just, I, I'm, I don't know. I don't know. You thought about it. You ain't had nothing better to do with your time. All, all jokes. I, I really did. I I really did think about it. I I did. I did. I was going through a phase. I was going through a phase. What was her name? I was gonna put on my, my, my face. Yeah. I wanted, I was gonna put a little cross. It wasn't no, no woman. A little tiny cross right here. Right here on the side. Huh? By the ear elbow right here. Just a little tiny cross. Yeah. I ain't, I ain't do it though. I ain't do it. It wouldn't look too good on tv, You know?


Yeah. Nah, nah, it wasn't, I couldn't do that. I, me, I mean, congratulations to Quin. YI mean, hey bro. Congrats. I mean, first round pick, first rookie season, go to the bowl. You know, a lot of times, don't you, when you have that level of success. Yeah. You like, man, this man, this is easy chain. No, it ain't. Trust me bro. It ain't, there are a lot of guys that play 13, 14, 15 years and never go let alone win. I mean, just think about you, you, you a chief player and you came here three years ago, you don't know nothing about Super Bowls. Yeah. And winning. Oh, You, yeah. Hell you play with Tom Brady all those years.


That's live. Somebody talking about Amber Rose. Yeah. Amber Rose got her sons tattooed on her forehead. Hey. And can't, she can get rid of that though. Right? Because technology is so advanced now you can act. Yeah. You get rid of any of, but man, that thing hurt. She ain't getting rid of, I mean, I don't know if you saw the interview Ocho, she keep it at Yeah, I Saw it. It was good. It was good. It was real good. Yeah. I, I, I mean, I mean, Ocho for me, I like talking to people like a lot of these people, I, I, I had no in, I had no idea I would ever meet. Right, right. To talk to a Tabitha Brown or Miss Pat or, or, or a Amber Rose. People like, hey man, some of these athletes, man, I'm sitting down, I'm talking to Magic Johnson.


Crazy. Talking to Kad and Darnell Ron and all these, all these the comedians and Gary Owen and Bruce Bruce and Lavelle Crawford. I've seen Bruce Bruce many times perform in Atlanta. Wait. And to sit down and talk to him, and you are right. You have a perception. And then when you get down and talk to the person, and I'm not so talking about so much on camera. I'm talking about you get an opportunity to talk to him before the, before and after, then you have, I'm like, okay, okay. An interesting video came out of the de Dominican Republic this week. Again, her chat. Take a look.


Let's see what this thing talking about. Hey. Oh Lord have mercy. Hey, you ain't Not that we need black cowboy. You Ain't, I could ride. I, You know, You know I rode a bull. I could ride horses, man. I rode too. Oh yeah? Yeah. I could ride. I ride like, crazy Matter. She was a, she was a Philly though, You know what I'm saying? I'm, I'm just like that. I'm, I'm just slow, just like that. That too Ocho just like that. I just like that. I about to bang ho. I had one hand out, two ocho just like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I Listen, hey, I went on the trail ride. Obviously I had the kids with me.


The baby had her own horse, her own horse. All my kids had their own horse. So I'm on the trail. I told the guy on the trail, I said, sir, listen, I know how to ride. I have experience. So if at any point I might drift off the trail. Most of the time, the trail horses, they discipline. They don't want to leave. They always wanna stand line. Nope. Man. What we got about 10 minutes into that trail. And I got bored, man. I came up outta that trail. And I I, I'll see y'all later, man. I will. I was gone. I would go and my camera. Yeah, they, they had the kids. All the kids, they was going back the trail, the trail ride over. Right. And they, me coming in on the back, on the back end, like 30 minutes later, I came in hauling.


You should have went, you should be in Philly. Because Philly got those, those black cowboys. You see that? You saw that? Did you see that documentary? Yeah. No, no. I didn't see the documentary. Every time I go to Philly, I never know where the horses are. When I go to Houston, when I go to tech, when I go to, when I go to Houston. But they Got the rodeo. You should went, you should have went last week. 'cause they had the rodeo. They got the rodeo going on. Yeah. But I wanna, I wanna ride Unc. Every time I see people at the rodeo, they party and they're turning up. I I, I don't care about turning up. Now if you got horses or you got bulls or something, You know, I can, I can partake in now. That's something I'm excited to do. No, I'm gonna sit there. I'm gonna sit there and watch and see what they got, what they got to eat. Interesting. They got fried Twinkies, fried Tws, the Snickers and stuff like that.


Funnel cakes. I'm looking Nah, Nah, nah, nah. If I'm going to rodeo, ain't try to, I want, I want just that. I want the experience. I wanna smell, I want, I'm gonna smell shit. You, You know Horse. Yeah. Bull. I don't, I wanna ride. I grew up on a farm. I don't smell enough. Hog, cow, chicken, Turkey, goat, dog, cats. See, I'm good. That's not fair. I grew up in the inner city. I grew up in inner city. So I'm, I have an appreciation for, for, for, You know, for, for cows and You know, all pigs and Stuff. I got appreciation too. That's why I know I don't wanna smell no more. Yeah. I I I, I got a great appreciation for it being there all the time on Cho.


Yeah. Let me know. I didn't want to be this, I didn't want to be that no more. Listen and lucky there, there are places. If, if now I just got, I just got a new house. Now the, the way things are going on, Nightcap. If I just, why, if I, if, if, if you see me with a stable, They eat too much Ocho and a few Horses, They eat your ass outta house or the home. Well, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna blame you. I'm gonna blame you. I'm gonna blame Ash. I'm gonna blame. Duh. I'm, I'ma blame y Can tell you Ash, Ash, Ash. Mom got a wrench. Hold on. One, one horse won't be bad now. One horse. What? It's just me.


One horse eat like 10 dogs. See, I don't know how dogs eat because I'd be on the road. I don't know what that like, Boy, hey, they, them horses can eat for real. K sweep. Yes. Gimme a number. Weigh 1200 pounds. I know, I know. I'm, yeah. Yeah, but gimme a number. Gimme a number a month. I know. Ash. You know what, what we, what we talking about? Just what think couple thousand? Yeah. Yeah. What year? Yeah, it all depends.


Like how well you gonna keep him, because obviously you Miami, you gonna have to, you gonna have to stable him somewhere else. Oh. You know, You know all the horses in Davy. I just bought a new house, a new house out there in Davy. So the, the the stable. But you're not gonna store him at your house? No. He's gonna be stored at a Facility. At, at the stable. Yeah. Matter of fact, it's called called BB and Bar Ranch. I think I said that right. B Bar Ranch. Which is where I take 40, 50. Yeah, I was gonna say somewhere of like 40, $50,000 a year. Oh, that, that ain't bad. That, that ain't ain't bad. I'm good. I tell you what, I'm gonna call my guy tomorrow. I call, I'm gonna call Bob Bassford. He a good friend of mine. I'm gonna ask him.


Okay. Wait, I'm gonna say Bob, I'm with The great hair. Yeah. And he, the real Deal American Fame wrote justify. Yes. Tell him, let me get one of his horses. You don't want one of them horses? Nah. Damn. Feeding it, but just pay it for it. Yeah. Oh yeah. I listen. I already know. I already know. They, I mean, you, they, I mean some of those horses, you paying three, $400,000 for a live folk. That's crazy. Yeah, that's crazy. I don't want no part about that. I love, I love horses, but not to that extent. No, no, no, no, no. Like horses. Now I take a little, a mini cow. A little mini goat. I like them a boat.


That's something I never wanted. Right. I ain't never want no boat. If, if I'm BOAT, You know, BOAT stand for Joe. Right. What acronym short bust out another thousand. Okay. That, that's what you gotta do to keep it, because you keep it on salt water. You gotta constantly keep that salt water grinding down. No, I'm, I'm good. Okay. If I would, I'm good. If I was to get, see, I wouldn't want a boat. If anything, I would have my, my anything outside of my norm, it would have to be extravagant. So if I'm gonna get a boat, it gotta be a yacht. And can, it just can't be No. Any yacht. I want a yacht like Jerry Jones. I want a yacht like Shahi Khan.


I mean, I, I would never, I would never reach that type of Wealth. Boy, you talking about a hundred, 200 mil. Yeah. That's why I say I would, I would think I would never reach that type of wealth. It's just a thought of if I'm gonna do it, it would have to be like that. I ain't finna have as it, oh no, that's not happening. Yeah. I go, I go, I go rent one, You know, for a day for me. And the kids Gimme a bath boat. No, and I ain't trying to get in there. I can fish up. Oh, I can fish from the shore. What about, you said a, a bass boat or a fast? Yeah, A bass. Oh, a bass boat. Okay. Yeah. Them not expensive. Yeah. No. No. I could be like Kevin and them. Kevin Van Damm or Mike Ella e Smith. Somebody like that. Right, right, Right. I don't see Bill, Dan, Roland Martin, Ernest Hensley. I don't see. Yeah. I, I aint, I don't want no do yacht.


I don't see how you, I don't like the water Like that. How you fish. I, that's, that's boring. My grandparents got me into fishing. Ah. And that was an opportunity for us to like, to be with them. And, You know, grand aren't y'all when I come up? I don't know how y'all did it, but you wasn't sitting up under no grandparents, so that was really your time to bond. I hate, You know, at the time I used to hate it. Right. Hey, my grandfather on one side, me and Spanky, my brother call fake Lord. Me and my brother on one side, that joke will hollered across the lake. Hey, bring me some more baits. What the shit down? Hey, one of y'all bring me y'all Rod. He done got his rod caught on a stump or something, and them broke the line.


Right. Now we gotta take him my rod. Now we sitting up there like this here because we ain't got nothing piece. We and we. Yep. Yeah. I can't Do it. Oh, my grandma. Hey boy. Bring me the tackle box. Oh, Lord have mercy. Jeez. Yeah. I, I, I can, I can't do it. I can't do it. I don't have, I can sit, I can, I can sit on my PC or PS five or Xbox, and I can play zone. Call of duty. Fifa, EAFC. I could sit there and do that for eight, nine hours, huh? No. Every, every day. But if you tell me to go fishing for an hour and I gotta sit there and wait for the fish, I gotta sit there and wait on the fish and wait for him to bite. Man, I, no. 30 minutes. I'm clocking out. I'm clocking out, man. We be going fishing all day.


Oh, we gold in the morning. Oh, what? All day. We go early in the morning hand, please. Hey. Oh yeah. Hand please. Especially we go salt water fishing. We go down to like Sao Island. That's where they brought the geechees. That's where they offload a lot of them. And they still speak that Gullah. So we go to Salo Island, we go to, and we go, we go. We be gone all day. Even if we go to those lakes, we go to like, need a lot of lake or something like that. Yeah. Man, Ocho, we be gone all day. I can't do it. Hey, my grandma love to fish. And as she got old and she got older, man, my sister used to take her to the thing and, and she be out there by herself. Okay, let me come back and get me around around five o'clock.


My sister take my grandma out there. It'd be hot. Yeah. Her and my aunt, her and my aunt, aunt Emma, they go down to salt, go to salt water. She taught my grandma how to throw a real cup. For the longest time my grandma fish would've came pole. Aunt Emma taught my grandma how to throw, how to throw a rod, huh? With a canon pole with the string tight on the front of it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's a can pole. Yeah. Yeah. Somebody talking about, yeah. Hey, yeah. We call catch brown wall mouth white perch. Croker Shad. Bone ass. Shed nasty. Oh no. Somebody put salo in there. What y'all know about Salo? What's Salo?


That's a, it's from, it's near Savannah, but that's where the Geechees, right? Salo Island, Charleston. They offloaded a lot of people that looked like us a long time ago. And a lot of it's originally, it, it's there right when you go and you see it. You like it Ocho it looks just like it did a hundred years ago, 150 years ago. Feel the same, look the same, and they talk the same.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Everyone's talking about GLP ones like Ozempic Semaglutide with Future Health. You can find out if they're right for you too. Just go to try fh.com. That's try fh.com and find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


Hi, I'm Matt. And I'm Leah. And we're from the Grownup Stuff podcast In just in Time for tax season. On this week's episode, we're chatting with CPA Lisa Green Lewis about how small businesses can tackle their taxes using TurboTax business. A Forbes study mentioned that a whopping 93% of small businesses overpay their taxes. And 17% of Gen Zers believed that you could write off any expense as a business expense. So can't blame 'em. It's really important to do your taxes right. Listen to grownup stuff on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your favorite podcasts.


15 by T-Mobile.


Ready to optimize your nutrition this year. Meat Factor America's Number one, ready to eat meal service factor fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Their chefs handle the shopping and shopping, delivering fresh, fully cooked meals to your door. All you have to do is heat and enjoy. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. And if you're looking to lose weight factors, Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Savor nutritious premium meals no matter how busy life gets. Eat smart with Factor. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off and use code factor five zero off to get 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


Oh, roast marks is a game changer in the bedroom. It's a fast acting ed treatment that dissolves under your tongue, getting you hard in 15 minutes on average and lasting up to 36 hours. So that's when the mood is right. You'll be ready. Ro wants to help couples have great sex and sometimes that means using RO Sparks, but other times it means asking your partner the right questions, which is exactly what we'll be doing in a little game. And it's time for our newest segment. OCHO Spark it or Skip it, Parker to skip it. I like that. I like that. Okay, So how this work ocho, we talk about an item in the bedroom or a place to do it. And you and I both decide if it's a yes, spark it. If it's a no, skip it.


Okay. Okay. The shower. Skip it, skip it, skip it. Oh. Oh. You don't never, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever. I don't know what you've experienced in your lifetime. I'm not sure who you dated, but you never get in the shower with woman for one. The water scolding hot, the water is hot. But You turn it on, you turn it on warm on Joe. That ain't no, no, no. I tried it. I tried it. I tried it multiple times when I was in high school and I don't know what in the world they were thinking and how they women take a shower with the water boiling hot, not normal, hot, boiling hot. I would never do it again. The second, the second thing goes wrong with that is not you always at the back of the shower and you cold.


Because That's where I need to be. All the actually where that's where I need to be. It's the one time I wanted to be in the back, I wanted to be in the back. You know what I'm saying? Ocho Hey, y'all go to the back. That's why I wanna be Thank you. Appreciate you. It so Ocho it's something about wet skin. No, I don't know if you do. It's something that bring music to your ears. No, it sound like Luther Vandross singing. No, no, no. Don't you remember you don. You know what I'm saying? That what it Sound like. I guarantee you if you ask a hundred men Yeah, I, I, I know by that sound, that sound. I, I love the sound. You ask a hundred men if they enjoy and like shower sex. I guarantee half of them say no. No. It's, it's, to me it's a horrible experience.


Do shower anything in water. It just, it just, it it, It's ocho. I ain't gonna lie to you. Yo Cho. I never get in first, don't you? I let it get it. I got with, got the, with the big old big tub and shower, like something, like a waterfall. Okay. So, okay, that's different now. Y'all both underneath that. I'm the shower in here. And when you, and when you see that and you see that water beating up on her body. Right. You know what I'm saying? The water beating, like, You know you got a car, Ocho Right. And the water beating up on the car. Yes sir. And you see that water beating up on her body? The her body glistening. Yes Sir. I just, I can't do it. I'm, I'm just being honest with you. I, I think you, you, you must, You Know how church mothers on, You know how the church, your mothers do that thing in the church with that, that, that, that's fair hit.


Right. I can't, I can't do it on I'm, I'm just being honest. Shower, shower sex or shower sex horizontally or vertically. Hey, Hey. To the chat. The chat say Yeah, 61% right now. Yeah. Y'all age. Hey. Yeah. Man, I got no big old big a big one. Big one. No choke. Hey, that's 61%. I guarantee they under 21. That's exciting when you are young. That's exciting. It's, you ain't trying to be in the back of the shower, man. Sit back there freezing. She then the water's too hot. You don't want to go under the water 'cause you gonna burn yourself. I ain't, I don't want no, I don't want nothing. Oh yeah, They do have it. That's that. Now look, I'm in there for that reason. Now. We ain't fitting, You know, every once in a while, You know, You know I wash your back.


You know, I so it up. You know what I'm saying? Don't you? That I get in there with that intention. That's my intention. Yes. Right. Sometimes plan don't go according to playing. You know what I'm saying? Don't you, you don't talk about That's a good one. And You know what I'm saying? What, what time, You know, you pick a leg up, let get, lemme get your foot. Yeah. And the next thing You know your like this here. Wha wha wha wha I'm just saying it happened. I know what happened. This happened. Alright. Don't Joe, the next one, candle wax. You know how you get the candle? I like that. And you let you drip that, drip that candle on the back.


I like that. I like that simply because listen, I use the candle wax. I used to use this as a part of foreplay. You know when you meet somebody for the first time, not only did they use a candle wax, I used to use ice. Well you hear me? So You just told me, you told me I was ni I was ancient when I told you about the ice dripping. Yeah. Yeah. You talk, you talking about tracing ice. Oh, that's back in the eighties. Ain't nobody doing that no more. I'm talking about using the candle wax while in the act of already. I mean the act already. No, no, no. You gotta put that on. You gotta put that on. See di the lights, you gotta cut the lights down. That's all. No di The lights. Yeah, them the light. Them the light ocho.


I just wanna see a little bit. I don't wanna see the whole, I just wanna see a little. No, I got it. Listen. I got, I got It. Less is more. Less is more. Less is more. You gotta, you gotta learn to use the ice trick man. Crush ice toesy your mouth. Right. You hear me? You, you. No. Listen to me now listen to me. Stay with me. You already in the active engaging then you use the candle wax. Right. Depending on her, her on her flesh for pain. On how much pain she can tolerate. You take the wax and allow it to drip on the nip on the, on the nipples. You feel me? There's a phenomenal sensation for those that have haven't tried in the chat. You should try that. Like, I, listen, I used to come and when I was in high school and college, I came with a package and women used to come and be able to pick out what package they wanted me to, to do.


No, I'm serious. You laugh. I'm, I'm serious. I had to make money some kind of way. But for me. But C ocho I used have them big old, You know, I don't know if you've seen them, Chad. Y'all ever seen them big old ice them big old ice cubes? It'd be round ball. I got a square one dude. I got a square one in. Got my number and everything in it. You know what I'm saying? Don't trying get that thing and You know I have it like a, like a Q ball. Yeah. Okay. You know I just roll it, You know, I'm just You just wrote it. Yeah. Hey, You know what I'm saying with ice. Right. But I'm, I'm candle sparking. I'm sparking it. Yeah. You got spark it. You gotta try that. Yeah. Listen. Hey. Alright. Ocho handcuffs Skip.


Yeah, I'm I'm gonna skip it. I'm gonna skip it. 'cause that, that's, that's triggering. That's, that's traumatizing. I don't, I don't even like, you don't even like pretending I can't give her that. I I can't give her that kind of control. Yeah. Nah, no. Especially you give it up to the wrong person. You know what the, what if she put your in handcuffs and she know the passcode to your phone, I come out them things. I come, I come them mans. Nah, I can't, I can't give that kind of control, man. What you say?


You, if you in handcuffs and she and she pick up your phone and go through it. Yeah. You come up by that. Yes. Yeah. Oh yeah. For sure. Anything y'all think I'm Houdini, Uhuh, Chad. Matter fact, hey. And I know people, Hey look, some people, some people like to be bound, some people like to be restrained and all that stuff. Yeah. I ain't into that. I, Listen, I used go, I had, I mean PE Yeah. People about, Hey, hey, You know, You know, I don't wanna do none of that. Mm. Hey.


Nope. Hey, listen, I used to be UNC man. I, I had, I had a wild life when I was younger. Man bondage. Yeah. Oh Man, I'm Good. Tying up. Do dominating. Just, that's, that's the old me man. I listen, I, I done got baptized now. So I guess, I guess the handcuffs are for, for her. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It, it could be Or vice versa. Depending on it. Depending on if you have a woman that's aggressive and likes to take over, But you need, but she need to be flexible because she need to be able to put her hands behind her back and still be able, You know what I'm saying? Oh. You know what I'm saying? Don't you? I'm, I'm with you. I'm with you when you're right. I'm, I'm with you when you rock, saying, Alright, last but not least in the car, spark it.


Yes. Spark it. Spark It. Listen. Spark. Listen, we, we've all done that. We've all done that at a young age. Done middle age and still. Wait, are you still doing it? Doing It and doing it and doing it well? Oh, well, you, you could still do it in the car with your, with your bad hips. Can I, boy, I grew up in a car. In the car. Hey, hey, Chevy Chave, right? Firo. Yeah. I been at all that. Yes. And You know, I, I always, I always thought it was much more exciting and the, the, the thought of getting caught, the thought of doing something, You know, you're not supposed to love That.


Yes sir. Huh? In the driveway. In the driveway. Hey, I pull up in the high, I'm gonna go in there and press it up. You ain't got French yourself right here. You French already. You from a French for what? Right, right, right. I'm on with it now. Yeah, I like that. Hey, there was some days. Nah, it is, I'm a little more cautious, huh? Because there's really not too many places you can go where you can be comfortable and be able to get away with it. You know, always having to look over your shoulder and You know, if you get caught, you gonna hit that nose hose. I don't want no part of that. I don't want no part of that either, Joe. But You know, mall parking lot seem to work. Gym parking lot seems to work.


OCHO froze. But see, that's why you got that 5% when you got that 5%, you ain't gotta worry about it. It man don't on no stick. I'm in there. My ocho man call Ocho, ocho done froze. Ocho froze. Froze doctor. Yeah. You know, like all she wanted was a quickie. But that be, I I think that Yeah, the car shower, spark candle, spark handcuffs, skip get in the car.


Spark. Spark. I'm just saying what y'all paycheck? Yeah. Man, ain't nothing like that. Nah, ain't I can't do it. No, I mean, I can't do it in no establishment. Oh no, no. Yeah, yeah. We, but yeah, I can't, You know, the car, 82% say the cars a spark. We got you. We see you.


Okay. Okay. Okay. 82% say the car say and the car is a spark. Absolutely. Absolutely. Especially, You know, you, you, you in a rush. You got somewhere to go. You're not supposed to be there. Somebody you just met. Somebody ain't got no business being with man. There is so many different variables that go into that that it makes it I beat You 10 years and get it in. Huh? Y'all, You know, excitement. I'm, I'm excited. I'm about to do it. Oh, Okay. You talking about somebody, you, somebody just knew You. You know what I mean? You know what I mean? I'm, I'm just throwing out Yeah. All the variables. That's all I have. Listen, I haven't done that in a while. I haven't done it in a very, very long time.


So, but I just know that feeling. Hey, it ain't not like it. The movie theater. I, I, I thought that because You know, they got the movie theater where the chairs laid all the way back on you. Yeah, yeah. I, I I we call it I pick. Yeah. I pick who we got. Yeah. I thought about written it out. One, I just, me and her. Hey, it's so funny you said that. Oh, I almost woke the baby up. It's so funny you said that. I'm going, no, she's right here laying in front of me. When the last time you've been to a drive-in theater. I ain't been to a drive-in theater in 1996. A drive in.


Yeah. Ain't nothing like it. Yeah. Me, me boy. Listen, it Was no, I ain't watch no movies. I just said that. Listen, I was, I'm thinking about it. I thought about it while I was here and I I, I was talking with very, very good friend of mine. We talk about driving theaters and the last time you've been to a drive-in theater and thought about how that experience would be in 2025. So I looked up, You know, something, Y'all got some in Miami. They, they, they say there's one in, in, in Fort Lauderdale. Say there's one in Fort Lauderdale. I think that, I think that would be a great experience, especially if they have old movies they're showing, You know, like Greece, You know. Yeah. Stuff like that. I ain't gonna watch. No, I don't give a damn what they show, nigga.


Hey nigga have a doc nigga Nat Geo could be talking about the great migration. That ain't got nothing to do with what I got going on. Oh, You not gonna watch the show? Nope. I am not. It's, it is all about the experience. If you happen to go to a drive-in theater, I think the people, I wonder, I wonder what the age group is for the people in the chat and anybody. I don't care what the Age group is. Anybody in the chat? Y'all been to drive-in theater? Do you have drive-in theaters in your city? Where you from? I'm just, I'm just curious. Yep. There's one in Atlanta. Oh, Marlin is right across from the federal prison. Everybody live in Atlanta on Moreland Avenue. There's one right down. I'm talking about like right across from the federal prison on Moreland Avenue.


I don't know what it's called, but that was the one I went to. And a matter of fact, she had a truck. She had a truck and let the gate down. You know what I'm saying? Don't cho Oh yeah. Okay. People Walking by. They ain't got nothing to do with me. But see, here's the thing, Ocho it was, it was dark and they couldn't see in there. I can see. They, they, they, they mind their business. I mind, I was handling mine. Right. I done what you do. Y'all don't be no Ooh, ooh, ooh. Mind your business. Hold on. You was on a flatbed outside? No, it was, she had a a a, a forerunner. Okay. Okay. So the seeds lay down, the gate lay out, and it come and, and the the other part Comes up. Oh, okay. Okay. I got you. I got you. I got you. Well, you go, wow. Huh.


Once upon a time, mojo. Once upon a time. Now, You know, back until they be trying your boy. See, they, they look at me. You know you ain't gonna do. Huh? I won't do what Them some good days, boy. But You know, back in the day, Lord Joe, we wild out there. We wilding now. Yeah. Yeah. And it wasn't no thing, You know, now, I mean, You know, Hey, front of your homeboys, one on the car, one in the back seat, one in the front seat, one on the trunk. Yeah. Oh, Osha. Then with the days Ocho like Stevie say, I wish those days would come back once more.


Mm. Starlight. That's what it called Starlight. But You know what I'm talking about it, it's right on. It's on Marlin. It's right across from the federal prison. Once upon a time Mojo Adam, good Days Boy. Former Heisman Trophy winning coach Eddie George was named the next head coach of Bowling Green. George has agreed to a five year deal. His hiring came two days after George, who spent the, who spent the past four seasons as head coach of Tennessee State was one of the three finalists to interview for the position. Congratulations Eddie.


Congratulations El Coachy. That's dope. That's loud. That's live Now, now I take my old boy Burns. You know, burns is the special teams coach with Eddie at Tennessee State. So I was talking to him today and he just texted me a little while ago. He was driving back from DC seeing the fam. And so I hope, I hope Burns go with him. Yeah. That's dope. That's dope. A high school track runner got attacked with a baton ocho in the middle of the relay. I saw that at the Virginia State High School League. Class three indoor state championship. Kaylyn Tucker was on the second leg of the four by two relay at Liberty Luna University in Lynchburg, Virginia.


When she got smacked in the head, Tucker suffered a concussion and a potential skull fracture. The girl, the girl's mother said neither the runner nor the coach apologized for the incident. I wonder what happened, Ojo. I wonder what happened. Do you think she impeded her at some point in the race? Maybe bumped into a Man? That girl went around her. That girl went around like she was standing still ojo you running with a baton like this. Do You know what you gotta do to do this when you running? That's A lot of energy too. I Mean, think about this here. That's a lot of, that's not a natural, that's not a natural, that's not a natural stride pattern. Yeah, You right. He did it intentionally. Look, we've all, at some point been sore. Losers.


I hated to lose. I would throw the ball in the hog pen. I would kick the ball in the woods and my grandmas would be looking at the kitchen and I come in the house, the ball. Oh, Yeah, yeah. No, you can't. I mean, that's, that's bad. That's bad. I mean, at, at least apologize. That should have been the first thing the coach did. Right. Go to the coach, go to the young lady. If you, if if it's possible and say, I am so sorry. I am so sorry. We do not teach our kids to do that. Her emotions got the best of her. We are definitely gonna have a conversation, a very strong, healthy conversation.


I'm gonna bring her parents in and we're also gonna have a conversation. Right. To let them know that this type of behavior not tolerate, will not be tolerated. I understand heat of the moment things happen, but you gotta have that conversation. Right. I don't know. She's probably what, 15, 16 years of age? Yeah. So you have a healthy conversation, don't you? That's, That's why I think it was probably deeper than that too. Huh? There's Hair's, the relay Ocho Look at this. She behind her. You see the girl going wide? The girl going wide, don't you? She ain't cut off. Yeah. I that, that, that might be deeper than that, huh?


I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm just being honest. That might be deeper than that. 'cause especially after the incident like that at a attract meet at, of state championship coaches apologize. You apologize. Especially for an incident like that and the fact that no one came and said anything at all. Something ain't right. So this probably goes back before this, before this track meet even happened. They, they got and you don't want, they gotta rectify that situation though. Huh? You, you can't have that in track and field. You can't. Nah. Hell, At any level, Any level, you ab you are absolutely right. And like I said, I think the best thing should have been done was offered an apology at the Time. The young lady says, I'm sorry, she, she offers an apology at the time.


But yeah, that's, I've never seen no situation like that in try Cocho. I ain't never seen that. I'm just saying that I, You know, I've ran track and watched a lot of track meets. I've never seen this. No. Now You know that. Hey, Ocho let, they jock him for a position and You know, you, You know, hey, You know you bump a little bit, but they actually hit somebody in the head with the baton. No, I ain't never seen that. No. Hey, dad. Yeah. But when you run, like, I'll tell you what, you see that heavy. Let me get something talking about the bat, the heavy. I said I was looking, I was looking for something to hit him with his head. But I need you running though.


Gimme that water bottle. Ash.


Hi, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Who do You know on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now? Everyone. Right. These game-changing weight loss meds are everywhere and Future Health makes it easy to get started. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


Hi, I'm Matt. And I'm Leah. And we're from the Grownup Stuff podcast. And just in time for tax season. On this week's episode, we're chatting with CPA Lisa Green Lewis about how small businesses can tackle their taxes using TurboTax business. A Forbes study mentioned that a whopping 93% of small businesses overpay their taxes and 17% of Gen Zs believed that you could write off any expense as a business expense. So can't blame that. It's really important to do your taxes right. Listen to grownup stuff on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your favorite podcasts. Grownup stuff.


15 Tmobile


Ready to optimize your nutrition this year. Meat Factor America's Number one, ready to eat meal service factor fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Their chefs handle the shopping and shopping, delivering fresh, fully cooked meals to your door. All you have to do is heat and enjoy. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. And if you're looking to lose weight factors, Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Savor nutritious premium meals no matter how busy life gets, eat smart with Factor. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off and use code factor five zero off to get 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


All right, it is time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. Hey, cupcake mama. Help traditional women who believe that men should approach them instead of the other way around. Are we do in this new age of, in this new dating era? My divorce will be final on May 2nd. I'm just trying to get prepared. Wait. Yeah, give that question to me one more time. She said traditional women who believe that a man should approach them instead of the other way around. Mm. What is it said 75% of the men, men today has never asked a woman out face to face.


Mm. Ma mainly is through Twitter, ig or a homeboy homegirl hooker. Yeah. Trade information. Hey, what are you doing? Blah, blah, blah. Boom. I mean, I mean, so go ahead to me. What does it even matter how things are initiated? You, you like the person You don't, if you don't, You know, I mean we, that's we overcomplicate stuff. Worried about who approaches who first, who texts who first. I mean, that's just ain't, I mean, we should be past that by now, man. Yeah. Oh, Right Now if she peeking, I'm speaking daddy. You know what I'm saying? Don't joke, Period. But like she said, traditional women cupcake.


We met her. She was in, as a matter of fact, she was in New Orleans. She came to the show in New Orleans and introduced herself. So thank you for that. Women, she's a traditional woman. Traditional women are used to what? The old man school at a school. Yeah. What You do. Right? So if you've never had to ask, it feels a little uncomfortable for you. Right? For me, it's the other way around. I get uncomfortable if a woman were to have asked me out. Well, like, damn. Whoa. Wait a minute, uncle. You have some women that are aggressive and assertive that ask, You know, go for what they want. I know, but I'm old school. The O Joe I grew up asking, Hey, right. You know, what are you doing?


Could I take you out to eat? Blah, blah, blah. Mm. Its, I listen, I I I like it either way. I mean, listen, whatever floats your boat. You know guys, some, You know, some women, honestly, some of 'em don't have a, a problem with guys approaching them. No. You know, I'm like, no, you don't understand what, you're not understanding where I'm going with this. Some women don't have a problem with guys approaching them where it's a high volume of men that are always doing it. Yes. Yeah. I mean, you just, you just gotta be careful now Ocho, because everything can be misconstrued.


You asking somebody out and you made them feel uncomfortable. So guys are gonna be a lot more, gonna be a, a lot more apprehensive Right. Than probably they were in the past. But on May 2nd cupcake, you have to let your hair down. You have to go for what, You know, get it down down if you like something. Listen, this ain't, this ain't the eighties. If you see something you want, you speak up King. Govan, govan. Dang. Do you at least rub feet? Yeah, my own put lotion on them. We gotta get, I, we gotta get you together. I I, I continue to tell you over and over.


I mean your, your ways of dating and the way you you operate is outdated. Come on homie. Come on. Man. Ain't pretty, y'all ain't got chap don't lie. Don't lie Chap. Look at there ain't no corn. Ain't no bunions. Hey, you aint, I ain't got no basketball feed. No, no corn, no bunions. Okay. Yeah. I'm gonna talk, see. Yeah. Y'all see that ain't no dark and nothing. Nah, nah. Uhuh. Yeah. So I rub my home, I keep the bang water up too. Look at that.


Got cut, cut. I jumped on the nail. That's a cut on the bottom. Hey, I jumped in the back of a pickup. I jumped on the back of the truck ocho and, and I didn't see, see that right there? You Didn't see the nail? I didn't Went right through, went right through my shoe. I can't, I, I can't. I listen, I, I still got sand all in my feet. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. Most, most athletes do have flat feet. Especially black, black. Especially black men.


We can Google it. Oh, y'all don't do that. Don't do that Chad. Y'all know. Hey, my feet ain't ugly. I get, I get pedicures once a week per pennies and manies. So y'all, if it, y'all, if it fake on me, Dr. Frankie l Bella aint fam fam you both always on the move. How do you keep from getting exhausted and make sure you get enough rest? Or have you trained your body to function on little sleep? What's the secret to avoid burning out? Oh, listen, my, my body, my body is trained. My body is trained. I get four hours. I, I'm good. I get four hours of sleep. I'm good. Matter of fact, night captain night I, I went on the boat with all the kids in the dr obviously we was out there in that sun all day.


They did. They swimming. We, we came back. I set my alarm for 10 45 exactly when we got back. I got exactly four hours of sleep. We doing q and a and I'm still locked in and I'm ready to keep going. No, ain't fixing to keep going. No, I'm, I'm just saying because working, that's my, that's, I found something that I'm passionate about. You don't really get tired when you're passionate about something. Man, come here Teddy bear. What You doing up This late? Come here.


Look at that. I got my pajamas. Hmm. What up Twin. See what y'all do out there. Good. People say my name is Teddy Bear. KKA Teddy. I'm about to be three in August. Man. What tight is that? Man? Man, Titus better have his ass in the bed, Man. He ain't make no appearance. Nah, he ain't make no appearance tonight. But You know what, I, I don't, I don't get a whole lot of sleep. I'm not, even when I'm sleep, I'm not a peaceful sleeper. You know what I'm saying? Don't you? Right. Because when you have dogs, the least little thing, the least little I'm up.


Yeah. Nah, you gotta get outta here before you throw up in the house. I ain't got time to clean that up tonight. Right. I Like that. Or one bark or any, any little thing. I up you wake up. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Wasn't you better than me? Boy, I ain't gonna hear nothing at all. Yeah. Oh, I hear everything Deputy Mario. What's the part of South Carolina y'all was just talking about? I like to look it up. No, actually Salo is in near Brunswick. It's right outside Macintosh County. No, that's not. But a lot of the people left there. Sao Dusky, all those islands.


Charleston that Gullah Geechee talk. Geechee G Burke exclusive Uncle Ocho. Would you say the smarter move for the Steelers is signing a younger Justin Fields over Russell Wilson and Rogers. You get 10, you get 10 years out a position instead of one to two from the older guy. Well, who say, who's to say you're gonna get 10 years outta that position just because he is younger. You make a move within the, the intent to be competitive right now. Right now you gotta look what you got in that division. You got Joe Burn and you got Lamar Jackson. Yeah. Yeah. Good To the two in order for you to really, you you got try, you got to unseat them.


Yeah. Right. Dude, listen. If you don't unseat 'em, you have to get someone, well I'm not gonna say comparable 'cause you're not gonna find anything comparable right now to Joe Burrow and Lamar Jackson. But you gotta have at least somebody that can compete. And until you get a quarterback in that room, you will always be behind the eight ball. Yeah. Tony Brown Jr. Said Ocho wifi background. Looks like he's screaming at a Thai restaurant. Hey, listen, I'm, I'm, listen, I'm I I I tried to get the best wifi I could find out here in Dr. I'm staying at a, a very nice villa boy.


These villas out here, man. Everybody, You know, a few few people out here seen and, and came in contact with, told me to tell you Hello. They watch the show. They love you out here in the Dr dr and they told me, if you ever come, they told me to pass the information on anything you need. They got you. They gonna take care of you. Okay. You can't hear me, huh? I got you. Are they gonna take care of me? Oh yeah. They Gonna take care of you. Teddy r said at this rate with K's longevity 18 years and not slowing down ever become so overwhelming that he can't, that he can submit himself, submit himself as the second greatest small Ford despite not having as many accolades asberg the same argument people have about bro and mj.


You do realize LeBron is a small forward too though. Mm. That's, that's what he's up here. That's the position bro. Plays small forward, gonna be tough. Gonna be really tough. Lanny Ray, Hey guys, I'm going to Italy next month with some family. I've never been to Europe. Got any Europe, European or international travel tips for me Have fun, especially in Italy. I'm always in Naples to go watch my favorite soccer team play in Naples, Italy, the food, you're gonna love the food, you're gonna love the people.


Very nice. I'm trying to think what else. The architecture is unbelievable. Yeah, I went to Rome in Florence many years ago. Yeah. I would like to go to, I would like to go to your Mofi coast. I would like to do nap. Naples. Naples. I would like to do, I think the Mofi Coast, Milan, Milan is more for like Fashion Week. I think when it comes to like touristy. I think Florence, Venice, the Mofi Coast, something like that. I think I could, I think I need to fit that in ocho. Yeah. Yeah. You, you got to, I'm going to see, matter of fact, again, I'm doubling up. I'm going to see Andrea Pacelli in Italy in July.


I won't be able to, I won't be able to be there long. So I'm, I'm getting in and, and I'm, I'm getting in and getting out even though I just saw him down here in Miami. I wanna see him again in his own setting near his home and, and, and, and experience that. So I'm, I'm doing that in July before, before we get back rolling and rocking with football season. Guys. I know y'all wondering why Teddy looking like that. Jordan's taking his picture so he posing for Jordan. J 2 1 3. Hey Uncle Ocho, my question for you all, what is your Mount Rushmore for? Super Bowls? I feel like 52 gotta be up there. That helmet catch. Oh, was that, that's 42 Was catch was crazy.


Be blessed, But listen, I yeah, that, that's, that's for you to answer. I can't even remember none of the Super Bowls and I don't even know the numbers. Oh yeah, yeah. That was crazy to catch. I mean, stopping an undefeated season, the Patriots beating the Seahawks in the fashion in which they did the Steelers and the Cowboys always had great matchups. Damn. If you go back and look at it, the Patriots versus Atlanta. Ooh. 28 3 ocho. That gotta be the best one, huh? Yeah. Two years ago, basically.


Basically a walk off The Chiefs came back on, came back on Philly. Man, it's hard 'cause I, I, I mean a lot of the early Superbowls, I don't really remember and it's easy to get caught up Ocho. Right. And the Superbowls, it just happened recently. And so now we have recency bias, right. Carlos Green, where can I by Shea Cognac and get it shipped to my house. Carlos, where do you live? We just got distribution. I'm coming to Chicago, I'm coming to Illinois, I'm coming to Hartford, Connecticut. I'm going to Maryland. I'm, I'm going to South Carolina, Charleston, South Carolina.


I'm gonna be in Atlanta, I'm gonna be in Savannah. I'm, we just, we just got distribution in Florida. We are in Texas, we are in Nevada. We are in New Mexico, we are in Arizona. We gonna be in New York, we gonna be in Wisconsin. So we gotta be close to you in some of those states I just named. Right. But if you can't buy it, we can't. We will ship it to you unless there's something that, You know, we can't, You know, state, maybe you're in a state that we, we don't or we can't ship to. But for the most part, I think with the what some of the cities that states that we just named, I think we should find one that's close to you.


Kel say what's up UNC Ocho I was playing one of my favorite games. NFL Street too. I was playing at Sterling and Chad and thought about you guys. Do you guys have a favorite game you were featured in? Hell, I think I was featured in NFL Street. I think that's the only, I don't, I guess I am part of Madden. Yeah, now, but I like the NFL street. They got me on there with my hat turned backwards. You know, I got, they got me all cock diesel so I kinda like that. Kinda like that. Yeah. NFL street, the one that was on the cover of I, I'm not sure if it was we coming, we coming to, we coming to Virginia. We gonna be, we gonna be in Virginia. We go, we gonna be in Tennessee. We're about to be in like 25 states.


Hopefully by the end of year it is 35. So we definitely coming, we're in, we're in, we're available in Maryland now. I'll be in Maryland Friday. I'll be, I'll be in Maryland Friday on the 14th, the the Bells 5,000, that was Cowboys had two brothers and played Jalen Smith. A linebacker. Yeah, I remember Jalen and Rod Smith, the running back. Okay. Jordan T. Higgins to the Ravens. Forget the Bingos. Sorry Ocho. Nah If Casey Taylor What's up?


Gold. So y'all know how women y'all MCC car sold for 800 K and Ocho. What do you think the highest sports card sale ever is? Also, when is spring live events being announced? PSPM quarterback 15 had a card for sale for 4.3 million. If I'm not mistaken. It's either a Mickey Mantle card or a Ho Wagner card. I think it's the TS Ho Wagner card. I think that's the most expensive card. Yeah. Yeah. Mickey Mantle card went for 12.6. What Honus Wagner went for 7.6.


Jesus Arthur, expensive Brady, LeBron really. But that has anybody come forward with that one-on-one LeBron? Wow. Kevin Brooks was, I was going through my football cards that I ran across just Tuggle linebacker from the Falcons and Craig Ironhead. Hey, we're running back from the same, oh, do you have any memories of playing these guys? I played Tuggle. Tuggle was a senior when I was a freshman at Savannah State.


He went to Val Ster State. I went to Savannah State. We played in my freshman year. I did play, I do remember playing against, I played against Toggle in 97 and we played him again obviously in the Super Bowl ocho. So I'm very familiar with Toggle having played against him in College Iron. Now I don't think I played against Ironhead. I saw at the Pro Bowl one year Rescue Soul. But nah, I don't have a whole lot of memories of playing against just seeing him at the Pro Bowl, You know, laughing and joking, having fun.


That concludes this episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network Today.


Y'all know me, your favorite Uncle Shannon Sharp, the Liberty City legend. The bingo ring of the bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the pro bowler vacation in the dr. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And thank you. We know we're a little late. We had some technical difficulties, but thank you for your patience and your continued loyal support. I'm back home. You heard me? I'm back. I'm back home tomorrow. Okay. Yeah, tomorrow. Make sure you check out Shaa by La Porter. We do have it in stock and we just got distribution in about seven, six or seven other states.


So if you cannot find it in a state that we were already in or a state, we just got distribution in order it online, we'll ship it directly to you. Please drag responsible and please stay safe. Make sure you go follow my show. Social Media Company, my media company, or all of its platforms, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spell spelled out. Everything is restocked. We just dropped our Super Bowl show shirt and hat bundle. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please make sure you got get yours before they're gone. Thank you guys for joining us. I'm up. He's ocho.


This is Teddy Bear. We'll see you tomorrow night, The Volume.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's Stock Up Savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for storewide deals and earn four times a point. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible beverage items like Red Bull and Sparkling Ice, or breakfast favorites like Kellogg's Pop Tarts, Kellogg's Frosted Flakes, and Kellogg's Eggo Waffles plus many more. Then clip the offer on our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards. To save even more restrictions, apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Hey, Janice Torres here And I'm Austin Hank. We're the host of Mind The Business Small Business Success Stories produced by Ruby Studio and Intuit Quickbooks. Catch up on seasons one and two and join us for a brand new season of the podcast as we talk to small business owners about how they manage and grow their businesses. With the help of platforms like Intuit Quickbooks, Listen to Mind the Business, small Business Success stories on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


At David's bridal, love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom dress, and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person, book an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more@davidsbridal.com.