
Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code nightcap underage self prohibited website, restricted to age 21. Plus tobacco consumers


Bettering your business takes working with the best. With the James Hardy Alliance, you gain access to leads, training, networking, and support from the number one brand of siding in North America. Achieve new levels of success by joining the James Hardy Alliance today.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. And actor and comedian, Jack McBrayer. The most important aspect is the collaboration with people that I like, I trust are talented. That has been the most amazing gift to me about this crazy business that we've chosen. Meeting these people who have such diverse talents and you're able to create something together. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


When it comes to college basketball and March mania. One thing is for sure, nothing's for sure. Upsets buzzer beaters. Cinderellas advances top seeds. Going home early is all going to happen. Bet the unexpected. Every upset every day with Draftking Sports book. With live betting, exclusive content, promos and parlays. Draftking is the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple first time. Here's something special just for you. New draft King customers bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Bet the unexpected with Draftking Sports book. Download Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet when you bet. Just five bucks only at DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, listen up taxpayers, it is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Currently, colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the US and it's on the rise in people under the age of 50. But when caught at early stages, colon cancer is survivable in 90% of the people. So screening and early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. And a great one of a kind way to feel more in control of your colon cancer screening is through the Cologuard test. A prescription based test with none of the prep that's required for a colonoscopy. The Cologuard test is the only FDA approved, non-invasive option that looks for both altered DNA and blood in your stool, which can indicate the presence of abnormal cells. This test offers convenience and ease of use and the kit is delivered right to your door. Once you complete the kit, it is returned to the lab and results are available within two weeks. Plus it's affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and if you do need a colonoscopy as a follow up, most insurance plans cover that as well. So if you're 45 or older and at average risk, ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with the Cologuard test. You can request a Cologuard prescription today at Cologuard dot com slash podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use the Cologuard test. If you've had adenomas have inflammatory bowel disease or certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopy in high risk patients. Cologuard test performs an adult age 45 to 49. It's estimated and based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positives and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network today. Thank you again. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Y'all know me, your favorite on Shannon Sharp. Number 85, a route runner extraordinaire, a bingo ring of Fame artery, a pro bowler an all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Thank you guys for joining us. Thank you guys for your continued support and loyalty. Please make sure you check out shaa by La Portier.


We do have it in stock and if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and please stay safe. Thank you for everyone that showed up and Charleston today. Hey, both Total Wines sold out a product you guys went, they sold out one store, came to the other store came out. Unfortunately I had to leave as they were bringing more in. So hopefully I'll get a chance to spin the block and get back over there and see you guys again. But I wanted to personally thank you for showing up and supporting. I greatly, greatly appreciate your support. Please go follow my media company's page on all of its platforms. Shea, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with everything being restocked, the link is pinned at the top of the chat.


Supplies are very limited and once they're gone they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. We got a couple special guests lined up for you. We got 1 cent that is NY Penny Hardaway. And y'all know the mayor of Houston. BUN B joins us a little later in the show, but ocho Yeah, we'll go. We gonna get into March Madness. I'm gonna show you this a little later. Day one of March Madness in the books a got a upset already ocho Yeah, the biggest upset of the tournament. So thus far, McNeese number 12, McNeese State over number five, Clemson 69 67. McNee became the 47th number 12 seed to win a first round game since 1979.


And in the process won his first NCAA tournament game in school history. The performance comes in wake of coach Will Wade's agreement. He's leaving McNee at the end of the turn run to to become the head coach of the Wolf Pack of NC State. But Wade transparency with his players and the mission that he had contact with NC State did not become a distraction. He said, Ocho, do you think him leaving propelled his team to spring this upset? I think maybe. Maybe, maybe, maybe. So. But listen, You know, when it comes to basketball, it's one game. It's not a seven game series, it's not a five or six game series. Correct.


You go out there and what team shows up that Pacific Day, your ranking don't matter. It don't matter what you've done during the regular season once it comes to March Madness, you got one shot, one shot to get it right. Yep. And they got it right. Maybe there might've been some type of motivation behind coach them knowing coach is leaving And you wanna send him out the right way. And if this is any testament to that, kudos to them. Yeah. They play really well, Ocho The thing is, is that there's a difference between truth and transparency. Talk to me. You See the difference. See, truth is you ask me a question, I tell you the truth. Transparency is you telling me something that I didn't even ask you to tell me.


Woo. Time. I ain't gonna do that. That Ocho don't you get that book? Don't you get that book? Hold on, hold on, hold on. We just started the Show start. We Get Into the show. Old Joe. I, You know Yeah, I, I think gonna get into the show. You coming out with hot fire already. Gimme that. Come on now you come on. Don't do me like that. Gimme that one more time. I gotta write that down. I'm telling you truth, that transparency line was unbelievable. Truth If telling you, you ask me a question, I tell you the truth. Yeah. Transparency is telling you something you didn't even ask me. I'm being transparent. You don't even know. See if I, you ask, if you tell me, say, well Shannon, blah blah blah and so forth, so on.


Yeah, yeah. This is what I did, but let me tell you something else that you didn't know that's being transparent. And there's a difference between the two. And so I think him, even before Right, They found out, he was like, look guys, I've had contact, there's a possibility I could be leaving you guys and going somewhere else. And I think that plays a, that plays a large part. That's what transparency is. People say transparent, I want you to be transparent. Now, I think that's a a, a good definition of good understanding is telling someone something they didn't even ask. Now you're being transparent. And so I think this def definitely helped.


But like you said, Ocho in a game of this magnitude when one shot is, and that's one shining moment. You, I just gotta be better than you for this day. I gotta be better. I gotta be a better team. I just gotta be better than you today. Yeah. For two hours. That's it. That's it. And they were, but I, I think that's, and I think that's why people love March Madness so much, Ocho because realistically Yes sir. Anything can happen on that Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday. Oh yeah. And people like that because the underdog, like, man, my team really got a chance to beat the Duke, to beat the North Carolina to be the Clemson to beat the u UCLA LA or one of these blue blood programs, Kentucky, Kansas, my team, you c man, You know what my team did that, my team really truly have the chance to do that.


So, And listen, go ahead. There's a re there's a reason they call it March and the last last word is madness. 'cause ain't no telling what's gonna happen regardless of seating, regardless of the conference, regardless of how smooth, how small your program may be. Unc all it take is what team is showing up that day for two hours. A team get a lot. O Joe. I, I think for me, a team get hot and, You know Yeah. Team get hot. They make, they make 10, 11, 12 threes in a college game. That's huge. Yeah. They gonna run all of a sudden they can't miss, we've seen it before. We've seen Villanova pull the upset over Georgetown.


We've seen, yeah. NC State take down Fly five Slam a Jamma in 1984. No that was 83. 83, excuse me, 83. The Wolf Pack took him down because in 84 Georgetown won Georgetown beat Houston that year because that was the year Akeem ended up turning Pro. But yeah. And so and oh got another one. Ocho Drake, yeah. Is headed to the second round. The Bulldog was just upset Missouri 67 57. Golly, That's a number 11. Took down a number six earlier we had a number 12 took down a number five.


Right? I think the thing is, we we're waiting for that, we're waiting for that 1 16, 2 15, 3 14 because like, like the, and the note said earlier, 47 times of 12 is taken down number five. So we've gotten kinda like, we expect, we expect one 12 to take down a five seed in the first round. We, I mean we going to the thing, I mean, so when we get this, even though it is an upset because you're ranked five, the other team is ranked 12 or 11 versus a six. We're expecting this now because we've seen it happen so much over the years. So we are not, we're not nearly as shocked. But now when we get a one 16, we get a get a two 15, we get a three 14. Now you're like whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.


What's really going on? Really going on. But yeah, through upsets early, I wonder how many perfect brackets that we still have. Listen, I honestly, honestly, you would have to make multiple brackets. Yeah, for sure. Make multiple brackets with multiple scenarios for your bracket to be right. There's no way in hell people are guessing the bracket on one shot with some of the upsets and getting it right. Because if you are, and if you're able to do it And you out there And you bracket is still intact today, you need to give me the numbers to mega millions in the lotto and Powerball and pick and pick five. Please, please do. I mean you, the the, the first round is really not that hard because I think Warren Buffet had a, had a, a thing that if you compete a perfect bracket and pick the national champ, you'll get a billion dollars.


Well that ain't gonna happen. Nah. You've got a better chance of winning the lottery than picking a perfect bracket all the way through and getting the national champion. Right. You got a better chance. Yeah. I mean think about it, Ocho every single round. Yeah. From 64. Yeah. To 32 to 16 to eight to four and to get, listen, that ain't happening. But you get that right. That ain't nothing. God's grace. Yeah. In favor. Well you better let Pick it then. You better not pick it. You better let him pick it. You better let him fill out your, yeah, you better let him fill, fill out your, your bracket. Oh Joe, the number eight Gonzaga, the Zags beat number nine, Georgia Bulldogs 89 68.


The Zags looked to be drastically underseed as the number eight made easy work over the Georgia Bulldogs. Gonzaga has now played 26 straight NCA tournament games. Georgia was playing for the first time since 2015. One team looked very, very comfortable on this stage. The other team did not. The Jag jumped out to a 27 to three lead and never looked back. Georgia had 13 turnovers, shot just five or 26 from the three, including back to back air balls at one point in the first half. They trailed by 25 points on multiple occasions. Look, I think didn't, Gonzaga just played for the national championship a couple of years ago. And You know, they have really good players.


They had Jalen Suggs come out there, Timmy, Chet Holmgren. So they've had Ruy Mura, they've had some guys from really good players Oh yeah. Come out of Gonzaga. So I'm not, I'm, I'm not surprised. I I, I definitely would, even though there were a higher seed, I would've put, I would've picked the zags to beat the bulldog. Yeah, Absolutely. Absolutely. I mean, youve been that many times. I I don't think anybody's surprised that the zags, I I probably the only people that that, that, that, that picked them were Bulldog fans on Saturday. Get ready to see how good the zags are. They'll try to beat the top seated Houston Cougars to make their 10th straight Sweet 16. Hey now that's gonna be a good one.


Now that's gonna be a good One. We gotta be able to handle that pressure. Drew Timmy. That's who ah, damn. What, what, What, what number 10 Arkansas Razorbacks took down the number seven Kansas Jayhawk 79 72 in a game of runs between two championship coaches. Seven C Kansas escaped the win with eight ties and 10 different lead changes. The number 10 Arkansas Razorback used a seven oh run to give Coach John Kaari a 70, 79, 6 72 victory over the Jayhawks and Bill Self and the Providence Road Island.


What you think I mean, coach K left, he got the criticisms became a little bit unbearable because I held up bro. Right. Every year, think about all the first round draft picks that you've had. All the number one overall draft picks that you've had And you only got one national championship to show championship. And Kentucky is about championships. Coach Robb, chubby Smith, Rick Pitino, even K Stag one. But you got number one Ross and pick Anthony Davis. You got Carl Anthony Towns, you got Boogie Cove, you got number all John Wall, you got Sha Gil, you got Tyler Hero, you got Jamal Murray, you got Devin Booker, you got the Vanderbilt. Come on Coach. Wait, listen, I listen, it's been a farm system for them.


Yeah. It's been a farm system for them in and out with number one picks some of the greatest not only to play collegiate football, but some of the greatest also in the NBA, but also on, you gotta think about it. Think about the, think about who they were losing to. They weren't losing to no scrub. Right. They're also losing to other players that play well collectively as a group. Yeah. Now you just, we na we naming one off some great players that happened to be on the team, but the team Lost. But you do realize that John Wall and Boogie cousin was on the same team, right? Oh yeah. They was on the same team. But that's why, that's why that's the keyword that you heard me say. The team that they lost to played together collectively as group longer, much better than him as the two-headed mustard. So, so, so sophomore. They are so the teams that's beating them are sophomores, juniors, and seniors sprinkled in Oh yeah.


Where they're just one and done and look, yeah. Learn, try to learn how to play together. Exactly. All these guys, Murray was the guy. Book was the guy, hero was the guy. All these guys were the guy. Now you're asking all these five star to come together and says, okay bro, for the common good, Hey, this is what we need. It's hard. It's really hard. 'cause everybody has the same ambition it to go through play the NBA. Yeah. But in order to get there, you're gonna have to have sacrifices. And it's hard. Yeah. It's, I mean you look at the teams that win, they got juniors and seniors sprinkled in there. Look at UConn. Yeah. Yeah. They're not as you got, they're not as, as, as, as, as, as deep as far as, as far as juniors and seniors.


And they're struggling. They don't, obviously they don't have the same talent. You know, you lose clinging And you lose capsule, you lose some of these other guys and so you're gonna struggle. But Coach Cal pulled it. Coach Cal got it done in Arkansas's first win in the tournament as head coach Arkansas. We know he was at a lot of different places. Whether we at Matt UMass. He ended up going to, he was an NBA, then he goes to Memphis, then he goes to Kentucky, stays at Kentucky for a number of years. He did, won a national championship. But he moves on and he gets his way in there. The number one seeds, Auburn Houston both take care of business. Auburn beat Alabama State.


83 63. Auburn Cruz behind 23 points from Miles Kelly and 14 points 11 rebound from Player of the year candidate Johnny bro, setting up Saturday date with the number nine. Creighton Houston will play SIU Edwardsville oh to be SIU Edwardsville 78 40. Damn. Kevin Sampson was able to rest his starter for much of the second half after building a 28 point lead in the first half. No starter played more than 23 minutes. Houston has been hard by injuries than the NCA tournament the last three years, but it cruised into the second round with his entire rotation intact. So, ah, no surprise. I mean, I think some people, a lot of people probably got Houston going all the way through at least advancing to the Elite eight, if not the final four.


Now, now listen, who did you say Houston has coming up? They played the zag on Saturday, right? Yes. In the Zags. Yep. Okay. Yeah. I I don't, I don't think I'm, listen, I I ain't, I ain't no telling what's gonna happen, huh? It is one day. But Hu Houston is good. Houston is very, very good. But again, it's called March Madness for a reason. Yeah. The Boston Celtics has been sold for $6.1 billion. The highest price ever paid for North American sports franchise in history. The Boston Celtics will have a new owner for the first time in more than two decades.


Bill Chisholm. Yeah. The managing partner of Symphony Technology Group. STG will buy the franchise at a price of 6.1 billion. The sale price is the largest for North American franchise topping the 6.05 billion. The group led by Josh Harris paid for the Washington Commanders in 2023 and far surpassing the 4 billion that Phoenix Suns got from Matt Uba. But when he brought the team the same year, the gross group led brought the Boston Celtics o Joe for $360 million and now sells it for almost 20 times.


Right. In other, right, What they call in business 20 x as much. Yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. O You know, bill Chisman. Yeah. If You had, if you had let's say 10 billion, Oh, talk to me, You got $10 billion, would you buy a sports franchise? Not only would I buy a sports franchise, I'm buying three sports franchises. Why? What? Which one? Where I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna tell you where I'm gonna go. Okay. First of all, you li you listen to me, I'm listening. Stay with me. Now, if I had $10 billion for one, I'm going to talk to Mike Brown and Katie and Duke, Toby Daddy happen to go somewhere else. That's fair. Mommy. Pop. They ain't selling that. They ain't selling. Okay. Boom. So if I can't get that, I'm going to Naples, Italy, okay?


I'm going to buy Napoli. You know my love enthusiastic passion for the game of soccer in the beautiful game. Yes. I wanna own, I wanna own a franchise. I don't wanna be a minority owner. I'm talking about majority owner. I wanna own Napoli. Okay? Do everything I went, do everything in my power. Bring in all type of players, You know? 'cause I'm gonna have the money. I'm gonna have the money to, to get the kind of team I want. Bring in superstars. Second thing I'm gonna do, I'm going to buy the Miami Heat. You think Miami Heat, hold on. You just saw what the Celtics went for. How much money you think you gonna have to fend to get Napley? Well, listen, I'm Oh, to get Napley. Oh, that's a good one. I'm not sure how much that, that, that, that, that franchise and the NDC would cost me.


But again, I'm going to get to Miami Heat. I'm gonna, I'm gonna have to remove Pat Riley. 'cause Pat Riley's way up doing things isn't, isn't, isn't conducive for business with today's era of players. And this is Miami. Yes. This is Miami. And players don't wanna come play in Miami. Miami is a melting pot for, for ethnicities and culture. How does nobody wanna come play here? No superstars. Listen, we got bam, we got Tyler Hero. You drafted them. I, I, I, again, I understand that, but we can't get any superstars here. We need, we need one more. Jimmy Left. True. So boom, that's true. Napoli in the Miami Heat.


Now I'm not sure how much I'm gonna have left over 'cause I don't know how much Napoli would cost me, because Chad, you would probably know better than I can because you can do your homework for me real quick while I be talking about it. And the rest of that, I'm gonna sit on and I'm gonna open up a cigar lounge. Oh my goodness. Oh, that's it. Nine 80 million. So you got, so you gotta, so basically they gonna, they gonna probably upcharge so 10%, so they gonna charge you a billion. So you get to charge, they, they gonna charge you a bi 1000000001.1. Yeah. Okay. So now you got 8.9. Okay? Yeah. NFL you want to get an NFL team. I mean, you Told, you told me I can't, you can't. What about the dolphin? You think Stephen Steven Ross will sell me the dolphins? He might, he might be willing to sell you a majority share.


How much we talking about with a majority share of the dolphins, what you think? Probably somewhere between two and a half and three and a half. Oh, that's done. That's done. That, that is done. And listen, I'm, I'm manifesting this, I'm manifesting this, I hope from my mouth to God's ears. Maybe it can happen, maybe it won't. I can, let me dream big. I could dream big if I shoot for the moon and not fall short. Ain't no telling what's gonna happen. Right. Normally Ocho Yeah. If, if like a family owned business, there need to be internal, internal chaos.


Right? We saw that with the bowlings. They ended up selling. Yes. They ended up selling the franchise. Right. But if there's not chaos, like I don't believe the Cowboys will ever go for sale. Jared Jones gonna have that in his trust that the Cowboys are never to be sold No Matter what. Now once he's gone, I mean, hey, I'm just saying, but like, like Mike Brown, that's it. His dad, his dad started that franchise. Yeah. That yeah. After got That's Paul, yeah, after he got out of the Cleveland, because he started, that's where the Browns get their name from. Right. And now he went to, You know, art mode fired him and so forth and so on. Mr. Mode bought the team and then he started the Bengal me personnel.


Joe, I don't believe they'll sell it. Yeah. Nah, they, they wouldn't. But it's just, it is just a thought. It's just a thought. Listen, where I was drafted, where, where, where I created I, I left my, my footprint. Yeah. My stamp and just, just knowing that I could just, just Maybe being an Owner of the place where I played at. And would would be it just, Maybe they sell you a minority share, maybe they sell you 10, 20%. Because it's just hard for me to see. Like, even though, I think she just passed Virginia McCaskey, who's the daughter of George Halas, who, who founded the Bears Bears, right? They've only had one owner, the Steelers and the Roonie, the Steelers have since 1933. Now, there was one year I think the McClatchy's owned it and they ended up getting it back.


So the, the Rooneys have been, so basically since 1933. Okay. You got the roo, the Mars and the T tissues. They co-owned the Giants. Now it looked like they're, they're willing to sell a minority stake, but yeah, no controlling aspects. So basically, You know, you gonna get, you gonna get some money, but you don't get no say in the day-to-day operations or coaches and hiring and firing, things like that. Right. So I'm looking at team. Matter of fact, go ahead. I like that. I don't need, I don't need no say in day-to-day operations. Okay. I want be in the war room. I wanna be in the war room. Listen, I also, I have an eye for talent. I have an eye for talent. I know what things need to look like that I listen, I just wanna give my suggestions.


Okay? I wanna put on my suit and tie. I wanna have my Bengals pinned. I wanna be on the, i I wanna be on the golf cart with Mike Brown. When we go to training camp, we watching the players, You know what you call it? What you call it in the Owners meeting? Yeah. Owners meeting. I'm at the owners meeting, You know. Nice. In mass. In, in, in mass. In, in, in my tie. What else? NFL combine me and Duke Tobin. Yeah. I'm sitting there with my pen and pad. You know, I got my stop watching. I mean most, the only owners there is Jerry and I don't even know that Jerry showed up this year. Did Jerry go to the combine this year? Normally owners don't go. They send the general manager, they send, they send everybody, You know, general manager, your scalp personnel, things of that nature.


But that's me. I wanna be hands on. I wanna be, I wanna be hands on if I get any type of minority share of the Bengals, You know, God willing, if God wants to bless me with, with, with some type of fortune that comes outta nowhere. But listen, I, I know Mike, listen, Mike Brown, Katie, Troy, if this happens, please allow me to, to, to, to, to put in, You know, and, and, and be a part of where it all started. I think that would be a great thing. The fans would love that. Yeah. Huh. Yeah. Can you imagine me, me being minority owner of the Bengals also owning Napoli Takes a lot, bro. It takes a lot of brand. And then, then, And then, and then and then having some, some, some, a piece of the mind heat too.


Hey, and then, You know what, You know, the good thing about it is, what's that? Someone like me, if I was able to attain that type of wealth, I'm one of the, I'm one of the few people in The world that wouldn't change. Wouldn't change a thing. Yeah. I'll still be, I I'll still be the same, the same, same old old show. You need to find me. I'm at McDonald's. You wanna find me? You can find me at the Cuban spot. You know, just doing, just doing the same thing I always do. I like that. Yeah. I like that from, from my mouth to God's ears. Yeah. You might better hope maybe by the Vegas franchise for an NBA team or hope they get another team, You know, have somebody Yeah. Get a wanna start another franchise. But it's hard. Right? It is. You are more apt to give somebody to move than they making a hard number 33. 'cause you got 32 teams And you got eight 14 divisions.


Right? So that seems to be, NFL kind of seems to be set. It looks like if anything the NBA will add two franchises, one in Vegas. And it seems like Seattle is kind of the favorite since they lost the super flag. Come And you got Vegas, they got a football team, they got a soccer team. I mean, excuse me, they got a, a hockey team. Baseball is coming in a couple years. They got A-A-W-N-B-A squad. So they'll have the ma the four major sports. They'll now they get a, a basketball team and it looks like that thing gonna go for five, $6 billion. Yeah, they, they a coach on the, the way. Can y'all hear me? Yep, We got you coach.


You got us Perfect. Yeah, I got you. Yep, I got y'all. Okay. Hey, he's about to jump on. Okay. Hey, excuse Me sir. What's, what's your Name? Kirk. Kirk, I Fucking love you. Yes sir. I love you. Fucking love you too. Appreciate it guys. Were getting ready to get joined by had injuries not robbed him. He was one of the great players in NBA history. He's well on his way to being the guy that talked about, he was the second coming of Magic Johnson. A big point guard not only could score, but he could facilitate. Here he is 1 cent himself. Mr. Penny Hardaway. Penny.


You got us? Yeah. Kirk Kirk's trying to get it right. My man. Kirk was just on there. It is. What's up? What's up? What's up Man? We good? We good One Good. What's up? What y'all man, Hey, you still pity? Yo, you still owe me a 1 0 1 man? What's good? Hey Ocho, you can get that right now. Okay? Let Know. Hey listen, I'm, I'm, I'ma tell you what I'm gonna do for you. I'm gonna tell you what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna spot you five. You hear Me? I appreciate that. I appreciate, I'm gonna take those five. Penny was a four time all star. Three time all NBA selection and he's the head coach of the Memphis Tigers. Penny, you match up tomorrow against CSU Colorado State. You feel comfortable with what you've been able to your team going into this game because You know it's one and done now Penny.


It ain't no, hey, hey, we getting ready and we, hey, we gotta go back to work the next day. You lose this game, your season's over. Yeah, we understand the magnitude of this man, but this is what you want when you, You know, this is what you live for when you, after you, you live for These days. So we understand the magnitude of what's going on or we understand that they're a really good team, but we are also, You know, and at, at the end of the day, we gotta come and compete. They have a, a great offense and they play physical on defense. All of that, You know, goes along with March Madness, man. We're ready for, Yeah. Hey, I'm gonna talk about your NBA career real quick. When looking back at your NBA days, what are some moments on the court that still inspire your approach to the game today as a coach?


Looking back at, at, at my game and, and how would inspire me as, I'm sorry, say that again with your my, yeah. Looking Back at your NBA days. Yeah. What are some moments on the court back then Yep. That inspired your approach to the game as a coach out there in Memphis? Well, it's just kill mode, You know, for me, yeah. Everything I did on the pole was kill mode. So I coached the same way I put that battery in the back of my guy's back. And you, I, I'm the biggest fans. I push him out there and give him the confidence and say, Hey man, being kill mode and attack mode the entire game. Y'all, y'all both were the same way, man. You just gotta, when we, when y'all were on the field and I was on the court, every possession was to kill the dude that was in front of me. You right? Yes sir. Penny, lemme ask you this penny. 'cause I ask a, a lot of great players, You know, had Isaiah on and I have Coach Prime who's the, a regular contributor Penny.


How do you do it when you're such a great player and the game seemingly came easy to you, even though you weren, you could see things before they develop. How do you have the patience to realize that, You know what, these guys probably not gonna be Penny Hardaway. How do you have the patience? Because you tell some, some tell a kid something and then he effort up. You go with this in practice a d, F and up. You do it in film study And you like, son, we went over this. How do you have the patience to do what you do Penny? Man, it's just one of those situations that we say back home was already understood, doesn't have to be explained. I understand that they won't be on the level mentally as me. So I I, it doesn't have to be explained. So what I do is I put them in positions to win offensively and I put them in positions to win as a group defensively.


So it's all about team and then their individual gifts that they have, I put them in those positions to be, to be great. And that's the best, that's the best thing to do for me. I know when I played, I was god gifted. I could, I could play all over the court. The coaches gave me the ball, but this guy might need to spot up. He might need to pin down, he might need to play outta close out. This guy might need a iso. So to me, the gift that God gave me was realizing the strengths and putting those guys and their strengths the entire game. And then that patience comes along with that because I'm putting them in a position to win. See, I like that. Did you hear what he just said? Understanding your players weaknesses and your strengths. Now I'm not sure if it's easy to do as a basketball coach, but I wish from a football standpoint, especially at the highest level, if players or not players, if coaches, offensive coordinators understood what their players did well I think would make things much easier.


You know, being able to manipulate what you like to do based on your player strengths. So everyone could play so offensively everything could be a little bit better. I I love that mentality as a coach. Yeah, For sure man. You know, because all scouting reports are gonna put them in their weaknesses. So we gotta figure out a way to, to escape those weaknesses and put them in their strengths. Pete, Lemme ask you this, the NIL or whatever the case may be, actives or whatever, whatever the case may be, it's made it a lot difficult. More difficult because Penny, you can't get on a coach and coach a kid like they coach you or like you would want a coach because if you get too hard on a penny, they gonna jump in the portal on you. Penny. How do you make sure you try to like make a kid understand or get a kid to understand, son, I'm trying to put you in the best position that I possibly can to help you succeed without them taking offense to it and going somewhere like, well hey, I'm not getting the minutes that I need.


I'm going here. Or somebody coming in and say, son, hey I see you and I can give you two 50, I can give you $300,000. How do you deal with that now Penny? Because it's a lot different than when you played. I think that, You know, what I try to do is make it a partnership and not be all 100% about me. And when I give the guys the money right? When they come in as a basketball player, I'm gonna try to make you as comfortable as possible, but then you gotta gimme something as well. Okay? You know, the work coaches to play for are the coaches that alright, they gonna come in and change everything that you've ever done in your life and make you somebody that they didn't recruit. Okay. Right. Or somebody that they didn't get out a free agency. Right? So I'm not that coach. When I get you and come and get Shannon sharp and ojo, I know who y'all are already.


I'm gonna put you in this situation and we gonna have a partnership. It ain't gonna just be all about me. And when you do that And you stand on the truth of everything that you, that you tell this young man, then they respect that man. And the respect factor goes a long way. You know, when you respect your coach, you'll run through a wall. Yeah. You ain't, you don't want no butthole coach. You don't want no coach. That's gonna be, You know, all about being anal all the time, being negative all the time and not really trying to see your side of things. Because in today's game you gotta see the other kid. You gotta see his side. In our, in our era, the coach said what he said and we just did it. That Was it. Yeah. Yeah. Pete, Lemme, Lemme, lemme ask you, you got on Pete, lemme ask you this. What happens when a co when a player comes to you and say, coach, I need more minutes.


I ain't getting the minutes, or I'm gonna have to leave. Mm. If he's not getting the minutes, that means he doesn't deserve the minutes. Wow. So I'll stand on the truth. If you ain't getting the minutes you won, that means you ain't stepping up to the plate and doing and putting the work in. We need to work on the unrequired unrequired hours as well. Not just coming to practice and think you're gonna get shots up, but what are you doing to affect winning positively? Not negatively. You're affecting the winning negatively because you're not coming to the gym, you're not watching film, you're not getting extra work and waiting on your moment and being ready, staying ready so you don't have to get ready. A lot of these guys come to the gym during practice. They might make a couple bucks, but they don't sprint the lane. They don't get a stick hand up. They don't take charges. They're not playing tough multiple efforts and that's what's gonna get you on the floor with me. If you're not on the floor, then you're not stepping up to the plate to what we, what we're needing you to do.


And we give it to 'em In black and white, we have non-negotiables. These are non-negotiables. If you're not doing these non-negotiables at a high level, you can't get many minutes. And if you're getting minutes, it's gonna be small until you get to the level of where you can do those at a high level. Now with coaching that way, with that type of transparency, do the players react well like that as opposed to, You know, you gotta think about this today, today's era everybody is getting participation trophies. Yeah. They patting you on the back. Yeah. Just for simply being a part of, even when you're not doing things the right way, do they, do they react well to that type of honesty and transparency? They React well to the truth because I love on 'em as well. You know, I'm gonna be getting in the gym with you if you ready to get in the gym, I'm ready.


You ready to watch film? I'm ready, I'll take 'em out to lunch. Whatever need it needs to happen for us to get that connection to understand I need you, but you gotta do your part too. You're just not gonna be giving this. And I know what, what Shannon said that they'll transfer. But when you have that bond And you give them an opportunity, you meet me halfway, I'll meet you halfway And you stand on the truth, that truth is everything. They respect that more. I've had the guys respect that more. Let you, you've been in Memphis now for seven seasons. At any point in time in your NBA playing career, did you ever think you'd be a college coach or any coach? Nah, not really. I was gonna be in tv. I was gonna go go to espn, TNT and, and do that thing. I wasn't even thinking about coaching at all.


Obviously I had the background being a point guard, understanding the game and I've always loved teaching and developing players, but never thought I was gonna be a, a college coach. Would you, Hey, go ahead o Now I was gonna, I was gonna say that I, I like the fact that you transitioned into coaching and obviously you might, you might've wanted to do TV with as much knowledge to the game that you do have playing it at a very high level, being very successful at it. And now coaching, like are there any unexpected challenges you have being that You know the game so well at the collegiate level? Yeah, because you, you, you don't, they don't see it like you, you want them to see it like you, but it's also a challenge to me to, to develop and teach until I get it.


That's the, that's the drive for me. Right, right. That's the drive for me to get this young man when he comes in in June to be ready by the time the season starts and as the season goes on to keep teaching him and see him develop into a really good player. Because every kid that comes to my, my team that's been a good player somewhere else, they become a great player here because I'm so invested in that in each young man on their skill set, their mental off the court thing. It's a full-time job. It's not just being a coach. Tina, when you, when you did, when you shot Blue Chip, did You know much about Shaq and what did you expect to come out of that movie? Did you, did you ever think like, damn man I sure wish I could play with this fella?


You know, when I, we did a, we had a Olympic festival. It was like north, south, east, west teams in the summertime. It was held in Minnesota and Shaq and I played on the same team for like a half or summer, maybe a month, month and a half or whatever. And we got to know each other, You know, a little bit right? But Blue Chips, I used that platform to show Shaq who I was, the whole being about that movie was to get Shaq to understand that he needed me. I auditioned for him, not the movie, to make his Orlando. I did that. I like that. I did that. I like that. I did that every day. Peter, have you ever thought about, man, if my knee, because I think you had a knee issue, you tried to come back, you end up having, did you end up having micro fracture on that knee?


I did. The micro fracture took me out. I had seven knee surgeries altogether, but the last one was micro, that was it. Same knee, left knee. And that, and I, if I'm not mistaken, I think that's where they Dr. Drain into the bone. They drill into the bone, try to let it drag, try to make it, let it heal on it own. And some people have had micro fracture and it worked. I think Rod Woodson, he had micro fracture. I think Bruce Smith had micro fracture and it, they've had eight, 10 plus years of great play. You, it kinda robbed you of your lift. Yeah. And now you got chronic knee problems. Yeah. Did you ever think of your wildest dream when you first had this injury that this was the beginning of the end? You know, I didn't, but the thing that was so crazy is was I was playing in Phoenix and we were playing the Lakers okay.


Year. The Lakers won the championship in oh two and I was playing with a torn meniscus. I tore my meniscus in the first round against San Antonio and I kept playing and I got a cortisone shot every other day just to make it through the, through the, through the playoffs seeds. Okay. Woo. And you the play. Yeah. Y'all know how that, how that is, right? I do. And I was playing with a torn meniscus and Tim Duncan, who was much smarter than me, he set out that series and didn't play anymore and just kinda rested and You know, what happened after that. His greatness or whatever, right? But it did rob me because after I got done with the Lakers series, I still was, I had spring, I had quickness. If you looked at that series, average about 20 a game, we took those guys to six games and obviously lost after that.


I didn't need the micro fracture. I just needed that, that meniscus area prepared. And man, I got the, that microfracture that took me out because I still had bouncing spring even though I was feeling some pain. Right. I still had my quickest, I still had my power after that micro fracture, man, my quad depleted and I never got my quad strength back like ever. Yeah. Ah, Yeah. That's the, that's the biggest thing, penny, when you have those surgeries is the surrounding muscles is that, to get that strength back and people realize that, oh, my knee feel good, but if that quad, if that hamstring, if that calf, if those attached muscles, if they're not repair, it's not gonna fire and it's not, it's not gonna be able to, it's your stability. That's your stability to be able to be able to sustain that up, down.


Because you doing this every night. Back then, penny, y'all played 75, at least 75 games. It wasn't no low management. Well you take 15 games out, you missed 15, 20 games. You missed 15, 20 games, you was injured. It wasn't, no, yeah, penny got the night off because You know, he done played the back to back. He gonna play three games in a week. So we will get p the the next game off. Yeah. There was none of that. No, there was none of that at all. But the biggest thing about me, I was gonna play for my fans. Yes. I knew people would come to the game to see me, so I wasn't missing no games. Right. I was really, really hurt. Oh, Joe, I like it. I like it. So no, I, I, I done ask all my, my good juicy questions, but I'm glad I'm just ready for this one-on-one, but that's It.


Bring that in. Peter, that's your, you grew up in Memphis, you played at Memphis, you coach at Memphis. Is there a scenario where you could see yourself leaving Memphis? Man, that'd be tough. That would be tough. I mean, everybody know I bleed blue man and it got kind of rocky last year, so I didn't know where it was gonna go, but honestly, I wanna win a championship for my city. I really do. Right. You know, something else comes about, You know, we'll cross that road, but everybody that knows me knows that that blue is in my heart man. Right. Peter, tell the story how you got the name because I think you told a name, your grandmother's calling you pretty Yeah. And they thought you were saying Penny. Yep. And so, so tell the story how you got the name.


Well, I, I was living with my mother until I was five and then my mom left me with my grandmother. So when I moved to my mom's area of the neighborhood, she used to call me pretty. And with her southern accent it sounded like Penny, honestly. And one day somebody called my house and was like, can I speak to Penny? Because they thought she was saying, You know Penny? Yeah. And, and she was like, there's no penny that lives here. And I was like, grandmother, that's me. And that's how it just stuck from that point. I just started letting everybody call me Penny. Right. See, Now we understand. Now y'all understand why Glo how gorilla, how she sound. She from the same, she from the same My girl Glow. Yeah, you From the same area. Penny. Penny, thank you for joining us bro. Good luck.


Good luck tomorrow night. Good luck throughout the tournament and when you cut down the net, come back and join your, come back and join your boy. I Will. And we gonna get that one on one-on-one O show. I got you baby man. I salute you baby. Same. Hey, one more thing before you go. I need them Galaxy phone pauses. I know you got a pair. What size? Well no, 13. 13. I got that. 13. 13. You got that coming. You that coming. They be there soon as I get. Appreciate It. Thank care bro. Sir, no doubt. Peace Mr. One sent himself. Penny Hardaway. Great dude, man. Ojo, I don't know like this, how many people remember watching Penny play, but he was a winner with the basketball. He was supposed to be the next Magic Johnson. A guy that was six, seven and a half that could score.


He could score the difference between he and magic. Magic could, magic couldn't score like Penny. Penny could really score the basketball and could play with his back. But he was a big guard like magic, magic six nine, penny six, seven. We hadn't seen point guards like that that could handle the ball. Like they handle the ball, handle it. And then think about him and Shaq, him and Shaq nasty in the pick and roll, the lob penny getting downhill can finish at the rim. Everything he had, every, he had the midrange had a nice float game. And that Andrew, like he said, he said he just needed his meniscus cleaned up that ended up doing micro-fracture and he never recovered.


He never recovered, don't you? Ah man. I hate Andrew man. You Know, sometimes guys get surgery then you're like, damn guys have back surgery. Look at Wrong Wrong. Had a back surgery in college, went on, have had a hall of Fame career. Exactly. Like I said, rod had micro fracture. Bruce Smith, if I'm not mistaken, had micro fracture. Right. They played another eight, nine years Penny. And it was downhill after that. Go ahead Ocho. Yeah. And You, I think about some of the injuries man to some of, some of our great, some of our greats were me where they weren't able to finish their story. Penny Hardaways, the Peter Wars, Brandon Roy and Derrick Rhode. Greg Oden there Roy. Yeah Like, like, like so many dudes than I, I wish, I wish technology was a little bit more advanced when they were playing and Did better every year oto so they Could finish the A so they could finish their careers the way they should have.


Because injuries have robbed us. There's some great stories on, yeah, Gail, Sarah, some great unfinished stories Because You know, back then ocho, they did that big surge. They split you had everybody you remember. I remember when I first got into the league, the big, the big scar, they had that big scar right down the middle. That big zip. Yeah. Yeah. But now the take the incision are so small. They done got the way they could, they, they take part of your patella tendon and repair it. They do cadavers. Yeah, they do. Man. Technology, medical, modern medicine has improved so much. Yes. I mean, normally if you had a Achilles, that was a death sentence. You had an ACL. That was a death sentence. Now. Not anymore. Now guys come back stronger, better than ever.


Like hold on. Never. Yeah, because look at Thomas Davis. Thomas Davis had three ACL surgery and came back and played 15, 16 years. Went to the Pro Bowl, was I think a first or second team hall pro man. It was, You know, when you look at it ojo, it's, but to, to watch him. 'cause I'm old enough to remember, I remember him at Memphis. I remember him going to to Orlando because they made the swap. They traded Chris Weber because Orlando got back to back number one overall picks, and they ended up trading Chris c Webb. He ends up going to go, if I'm not mistaken, think good, goes to Golden State and then Orlando swaps out and they get Penny. That thing was something of beauty.


That was a thing of beauty. What, what could have been been, what could have been, oh, Joe, who can, the cool was asked who the goat is on the our Ross St. Brown podcast or it's the St. Brown podcast, but let's take a listen to what he had to say. Okay, so La LeBron's the goat to you. Yeah. So can you tell my brother why he is better than Kobe and Jordan? He's six eight. Okay. He's two 60. That's fine. He plays the one through five. He's not playing the five, he's not guarding a center, but go ahead. He's gone to three, three different organizations at one.


Everywhere he go, he's had a new coach that he's taken to the NBA finals Coaches don't matter that much in basketball. Keep doing. Who was the only coach Michael Jordan won NBA championships with He won Coach, coach Jackson. Coaches don't matter. He, he played other, he played with other guys. He wasn't always six years in 91 to 98 in the NBA bro. He played 15 years, bro. Like there's a toy where he was getting bounced in the, in the first round right here in the finals when he was 21 and college. LeBron was carrying his team to the NBA finals year four carrying Zukowski to the NBA finals, bro. Like LeBron's better say, but let's move on. We, it's just for another time, bro. Like, yeah. Nothing to say bro. No conversations.


Jordan, Jordan's the no nine bro. Anyways, we'll move on, bro. This you can't talk basketball. We guys that done with basketball. Hey, listen, listen, when, when, when it comes to stuff like that, when it comes to topics and then in conversations about who the goat is in in different sports, I think it also comes down to preference. Because then often you talk to people like you who can get very detailed and bring up numbers And you use statistics and opinions and not opinions, but actually asking facts to support your claims on who the goat is. Now when you do that, obviously LeBron runs away with it, but then I hate the comparison and, You know, comparison is the thief of joy. Yes. When you talk about your Kobe Bryant, you talk about your Michael Jordan, you talk about your LeBron James. We talk about some of the, the, the, the greatest to ever play the game.


And at that point it becomes preference regards to what they've done regards to accolades, regardless to how many rings you have. It come, it, it comes down to preference. When people talk about ano Ronaldo and messy, You know, who's the best. It comes down to preference because you can nitpick and, and bring up numbers and bring up trophies and all this other stuff. But when you look at the greatest and what they've been able to accomplish, and they're so far ahead of everybody else that played the sport. There have been thousands and thousands of basketball players. There have been thousands and thousands of soccer players. But these two are the Mount Rushmore that have played the game in the history of the game in general. I mean, I just, I hate the comparison. Yeah. You know, how about we just enjoy what they, what they were during their time.


That's too easy. Yeah. Oh, Joe. Details have emerged of t Higgins deal with the Bengals. Nothing Yeah. Is gar nothing in 2025 is guaranteed. However, a $20 million roster bonus is earned five days after Higgins put pen to paper. The only true full guarantee at signing is a $10 million 2026 off season roster bonus. The Bengals have a practical matter a year to year option that can pay him 35.9 million for the 2025. If he dresses for every game and earns $2 million per game roster bonus and they can move on before the 2026 base salary become fully guaranteed is not guaranteed for injury because the $10 million guaranteed 20 20 26 roster bonus has offset language.


They likely owe him nothing if they were to cut him after one year since he likely make more elsewhere. Yeah. Man, listen, one thing about it, that language, that language always gets tricky. Boy, that language that they put in there, it always get tricky and the way you just said it. Listen, I'm, I'm, I I, oh man, I I, I, I don't even know what to say He wanted. I I don't even know what to say. Well, You know, I'll help you out. He wanted to be there because this is a bull job contract. You know it, that's why you speechless. Yeah. I just listen. Listen man, he wanted to be there. I'm happy. I I'm, yeah, listen, I'm opinion be There. I mean I, that I, I can't, I can't be mad Mojo because that's his, that's his decision.


He wanted to be there. He wanted to play with Joe. He wanted to play alongside Chase. That's the only team. That's the team that drafted him and he felt some song of loyalty. But everybody that heard what I just read, y'all know that contract is Moja. Yeah. But that's what he wanted. So I can't, I can't out, Joe, we can't be mad. That's not us. Right. I, I don't, I don't know, I don't know who your attorney was, but my agent would've never let me sign this contract. Oh my. Oh, I had Drew, I had the shark. Okay. I had Drew, I had Drew, I had Drew. But listen, I'm gonna be happy for him, regardless of what's in that language. The band is back together. Yeah. I don't like the business side of things. Huh. That's why I was so passionate about it from, You know, when, when we were talking about it, when I was on ESP, when we on here.


Yeah. You know, we talking about it. I was upset. I didn't like the first time they tagged him. I told you because to me it was a slap in the face. Now for the people that are part of the Bangals organization, the people that are fans of it, I understand the business side of things. That's the side I don't like. 'cause when you tag me, they let me know you don't value me long term. Right. You know what, normally when the team tags you, You know what? We betting against you even though you are a part of us. Yep. I'm betting against you. That's what it tells me. Again, I love my Bengals. I love the fans, but the nature of the business is the one part I do not like, which is why I played the game like a little kid because I wanna make sure I kept it fun for me so I didn't have to worry about that side of it.


Yeah. Because at that side of it, it gets nasty. Read what you just wrote, chat And you just heard it. I, I don't like that side of things. I like the fact that the band is back together. I like the fact that he got his money now with the language that I just heard. Ain't no telling what's gonna happen. Yeah. Ain't no telling what their plans are after this season. Yep. So I I'm gonna leave at that. I ain't gonna say no more. I'm just happy my dog got his money. Yep. You hear me? Got some money. He got some money. Yeah. But like I said, Ocho, I I, for me, I can't be mad. Yes sir. Because that's his, that's his decision. And at the end of the day, the agent can put forth, it's like, okay, this is what they're offering.


This is what we're gonna counter back at. Hopefully we, You know, this is here, they're here we are here. Hopefully we land here. Yes sir. Because You know, you want to try to pull somewhere to the middle Ocho, but at the end of the day, this is Tee's decision because at the end of the day, the agent works at the behest of the player. Yeah. Team has their negotiator, player has their negotiating. You get in, I don't want to hear anything because You know, a lot of times the agents shield you from all the negative stuff they're playing. They Yeah. Yeah. I promise you they're saying a lot of what people saying he's a number two, he's not a number one, blah, blah, blah. Rock is shielding him for that. But hey. Right. Hey, they say, look, they, they, they want to pay you.


Yeah. We just trying to get to a number that, that Yeah. They can digest and, and it fits under the cap while giving you the money that you, that, that, that they feel you deserve. Right. While being able to go out and, and get other players also. So I get it. Right. Like I said, I believe t wanted to be there. T gave them a discount. Chad, like I said, ojo and I don't really really need to add anything else about that because at the end of the day, this was t's decision. Yeah. And at the end of the day, Ojo, it comes down to T and Yeah, Listen, listen, go ahead. We gotta get it done long. He's happy. I talked to him. He's happy. You knew what you get. You got one of the best quarterbacks in the NFL top three right now.


You know what you get. But we gotta get, we gotta get it done. Yeah. I, I I I, we, we, We literally, I'm literally, I'm talking about we gotta get it done. Well you, you bingo come, You bingo player. I mean, look, you played there. If there's some sense of loyalty because you played there, you played there for a better part of a decade. And so Yeah. A lot of your roots people associate you with being a Bingle. Yeah. You had the one year in, in, in, in, in, in New England and other things don't count. That's not where they'll associate you. No, they're not. Not at all. They're not. You didn't have a career. It's, it's funny, it's like I ain't never seeing anything like this, but people associate Peyton Manning with the Broncos, even though he played the largest part of his career. Ocho In Indy. In Indy. He played 14 years, if I'm not mistaken, in Indy.


He played four years in Denver and more people. He lives in Denver. Yeah. His home base is in Denver. Yeah. You see him talking about Denver. You see him at the Denver games. The only time I've seen him go back to an indie game, and Chad, y'all could correct me if I'm wrong, is when they put the statue outside of him in front of Lucas Oil. Other than that, Peyton's at the Bronco game. Hey, whoa. Hey Matt. Speaking of, hey, I got, I got a question. Yes. I want me a statue out there in front of Paycor Stadium. Dang. Ain't got nothing to do with me. I know it don't got nothing to do with you. How much you think it cost me to put it out there?


They Ain't gonna put it out there. I mean, we, no, I'm gonna put it, I'ma Hold on, I'ma, I'm gonna put it out there. My, I'm gonna pay for it and just put it out there. That's Private property. Huh? That's private property. Who, who property belong to Mike Brown? What? Me? I am part of the family. Let, lemme tell you something. If I, if I had a knife right now and I was a cut, if I was a, if I was to cut my wrist right now, You know what color? You know what color? I believe black and orange chocolate, Black ass. Matter of fact, Hey, Mike Brown, Troy, Katie, duke, Tobin. I'm going, I'm gonna wait till everybody's going in the middle of the night.


I'm gonna put my own statue out there about eight foot tall, eight foot tall with me, with me toe tapping on the sidelines. Right. I think the people at Cincinnati would love it. We, We and Denver. We gotta Monument Park with all the guys that have their numbers. Like, not numbers retired, but have their name up in, You know, in the ring of Fame. Yeah. You're, you're in the park. Okay. So I don't wanna be in the park. I wanna, I wanna be right outside the stadium. Like you could come by. You could, you could, you could rub, you could rub, rub, rub my head or something for good luck when you, before you go into the game, The Volume


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars, need a smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has your covered head to Fame smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age cell prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


What you're hearing is hardy fiber cement siding living up to its reputation as the siding that handles hail impact with ease. James Hardy knows how important a reputation is, especially when you're a contractor. That's why Hardy's siding severe weather better than vinyl siding with styles to match its strength so you can be sure you are providing your clients with the best, protect your reputation with exterior products by James Hardy.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon, go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. And actor and comedian, Jack McBrayer. The most important aspect is the collaboration with people that I like, I trust are talented. That has been the most amazing gift to me about this crazy business that we've chosen. Meeting these people who have such diverse talents and you're able to create something together. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.