
Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time, Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Era, And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page five, Dirk four page is a lead. Okay. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so Tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen to Goat GOTE, greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed, LPG tool winner, and sixth time Lady European tool winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC, sports reporter and host. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, An iHeart win sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us an iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports, The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draft King Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New draft King customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with Draft King Sports book. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Ocho woman says a man giving low effort after he sends money for a lunch. Good morning. Good morning. Cash after $30. I know it ain't much, but lunch on me. Punch on. Honestly, I'm so over these low effort. Just keep fing. You don't have to do that. Thanks though. See that? That's see that's the problem. Just ungrateful. She sent it back to him. Mojo, She sent it back to him. Yep. Yeah, so listen, that's, that's, that's $30 list that she had. She ain't even had 30. She ain't had no money. Well, You know what? She might have had money anyway. She might have had money anyway, but again, that come from the men that come from the men that leave with money. It's easy to attract the women and get what you want much faster when you leave with money. It's, it's very, it is very, very easy.


Very easy. That's why most of the men with the money getting all the goddamn women, you hear me? Because of situations like that. Women don't appreciate us man's generosity. Listen, I don't have much baby, but if you hungry here go $30 here, go $30 out my check. I don't make much every two weeks, but I'm gonna give you 30 because what About this two steak? Huh? What about this tube steaks? You can eat Tube steak. Oh, you can't do that. You can't do that. You can't, you can't approach, you can't approach like that. You, you, that's No money. Oh, okay. You think I'm finna send you money after rip for lunch?


Right? I see what you're saying. But I mean, you, you right uncle, I mean, coming after, I mean come on Ocho. I mean that the FI mean how you open up a conversation and like send money. Well, but unc you have to understand everything you, you gonna pay indirectly anyway. So you might as well start Off. I ain't got no cash app, so how I'm gonna get you the money? You, you tell her to come get it. Can I can? I did, did I told I told you. Hey listen, lemme tell you something before you go. Remember what my bio on Twitter says? Right? What'd it say? Let me, let me read it to you one more time. Chad, y'all listen to me.


McDonald's is cheaper than therapy and never forget you're paying for sex indirectly. Key words indirectly, but the word relationship or marriage changes the narrative. Huh? Let, let, let that sink in. I'm not a therapist. I'm not a counselor, but I know what the hell I'm talking about through experience. Nothing in life is free. No, hell no In love. Don't pay the bills. That was a good one right there. I need to write, I'm gonna write that down. Yeah, But don't you, I mean, I mean the thing that ticks me off the most is being ungrateful. Yeah. Yeah. I don't care how big or how small it is.


Right. Let me know that you appreciate My gesture. It's a good gesture because I didn't have to, I I didn't have to do ish At all. And, and, and this is what meant also men, you gotta understand no matter how much you want to give, stay within your financial lane. Stay within your financial lane. I don't care who it is. Don't allow these women to be a salary cap. Casualty. Stay within your financial lane. If you scroll through an Instagrams, look at her Instagrams. If you look at her pictures and you see that you can't maintain the image that she's trying to portray, keep Scrolling, let it go. Yeah. If you can't afford it, Don't even send no message.


Don't even send No, It's okay to win the shop. I when I aint have no bread, I, I'm looking like, man, I show wish one day I could go in the Harry Winston or Tiffany or X, y, and Z. Yes sir. Yes sir. You look at these women bro. You know, You know. So she got a Birkin bag, which is more than you make in three months. Yeah. What she Man, stop. Yeah. And matter of fact, even if the Birken bag ain't real, which it isn't half the time because you have to, you have, there's a line, there's a line for Birkins. I'm not Oh, you ain't just walking in no Birkin store getting it. He ain't walking in there buying no Birkin. Anyway. So that's a whole nother story. But fellas learn to act your wage.


It's simple. Learn to act your wage. It's okay. There, there, there, there, there are simple women out there that will enjoy and be happy and grateful that you send them $30 for lunch. Yeah. Grateful. Now remember, stay in your financial lane. Don't allow these women to be a salary cap casualty. Okay? Act your wage Simple. Okay. You ain't got it. I ain't got it baby. I'm sorry. I ain't got it. I ain't got it. Hey you, they going, they gonna kill you. I thought, I thought you was old high roller. I thought you was a big baller. I'm no, they No, they gonna hit you. I thought you was a real, a real NIA real ninja or I thought you, huh.


Nah that ain't me. Don't for Don't fall for that manipulation. Don't fall for that. That ain't me. I ain't got it. My money jumped funny last week. Matter of fact, I got it. I got it and I ain't sending it. You gotta wait till the interest rate come down right now. The interest rates are a little high right now. The too high. I gotta wait till the interest rate drop down once you get under 3%. I'll let your boy, Hold on. I'm gonna write you a check, but don't cash it till this date. I want you to cash your check Too early. The money ain't gonna be there March 2nd, 20.


Never. That's what I'm gonna post date the check for. That's where you could cash it. But I can honestly say I don't know where the last time I wrote a check. Yo, check this one out. That's funny. Ocho, check this out. Hooters announced bankruptcy yesterday much to the sadness of a few NBA players. Kevin Love posted on Instagram, a photo of himself at Hooters when he was younger with the caption. As you can see, I was swimming, I was swimming at it back then. Sad to see the fall of an absolute institution. If anyone can save it. Institute on the table. Next slide. What do you got?


He, Kevin, love. He got Kevin, he got KD and book. Hey, that's fucked. That's a good one Because book, book said book. Please don't go hoot at Hooters. You ever, you ever had their wings? Listen. Oh yeah, yeah. I used to go to Hooters back in the days. Now I never forget now, now, ever since Twin Peaks came about, obviously when I'm in Miami, anytime, I don't frequent Atlanta often, but the few times I have been Atlanta, which I can count on two hands even after all these years. Hey Unc, I like Hooters, but I prefer Twin Peaks better. Okay. I prefer Twin Peaks better.


It is, I don't know if it's the food, but the fact that I can sit on the patio, I can smoke. They always have my soccer games. Yeah. They always have my, You know how much I love soccer on, they have my soccer games on at Twin Peaks and Pines. Twin Peaks and Doral. They make my coffee for me. You know, I get, I get my caffeine on Le I get my latte and just, it's, it is something Hooters has never been able to to, to, to do for me outside of going to eat the food. You know, the aesthetic? Well, We got better Wings. Wingstop or Hooters? Probably Wingstop. Wingstop has a variety of wings you can Choose from. Yeah. Wings. Wings. I got my body. Different flavors. Huh? I said Wingstop got about 40 different flavors. Yeah. They, they got, they got. I don't want no sauce on my, I mean, if I were to get sauce, I'm probably gonna get lemon pepper, but for the most part, I don't want no sauce.


I don't want no buffalo sauce. I don't want no hot, I don't want anything. Just, just give me wings. Yeah. Flats. Yeah. If I'm getting a dozen wings, gimme 10 flats and two Drumheads. That's it. Two drums. Yeah. Okay. That's about right. It's Too, it is too. It's too, too, too, too difficult. Yeah. I like too difficult. Ocho you gonna miss Hooters. Listen, I, I'm, I'm not even gonna sit here and lie to you. I, I ain't been to Hooters in so long. I told you I ain't either ever, ever since I learned about Twin Peaks, but I ain't been to Hoot in years. I don't even listen. Hooters right there on 27th Avenue. 27th Avenue.


Right. Right off of Right. Yeah. Right off of wait. Right off of Pines. Right off of Pines and Flamingo. I think something like that, man. I go right to Twin Peaks. I'm not, I'm not gonna lie to you. I I'm not gonna just, just Twin Peaks has more to offer aesthetically. Right. You know, I I I look straight ahead by they using a peripheral vision, if you understand what I'm Talking about. Yeah. I I think, I think Ocho I think that's what it was. It was iconic. It was those T-shirts. Yes. That was cropped and there was the orange shorts. Right. And I think that, that, that was the allure of it. Yes. It's fast food. I mean, look, I, you, you're not going there expecting to get a five course meal. Something that oh my God, this is the best whatever, whatever, whatever.


But it was, it was, it was the view, it was the amage and you gotta go with your buddies and you watch sporting events, things of that nature. Yes sir. So if it is to close, I mean, how long would they open? It had to be open about 40 years, 50 years. 40, 50 years. Oh, it been, I mean, hell they was when I was a kid was Yeah. Hey, UNC, you, hey Unc, you been, you when you down in Atlanta, you ain't been to the Twin Peaks in Atlanta? Atlanta Uhuh. And they got the game 1983. So 42 years. Okay. No Ocho Man, look here bro. Yeah. Check. Check it out. Hey listen, sporting event, when sporting games on boxing matches MMA basketball, I, I enjoy it.


I only go there for soccer. You know, they, they have me, my EPL games on, You know, I wanna watch La Liga, I wanna watch Champions League. I go right in Pines or I go right there in Doral. Man, it's perfect. The food phenomenal. Well, the thing is for me, I'm trying to watch because I'm probably gonna have to critique or analyze these games. Oh, so You ain't trying to, So I need, I need to be able to focus. Okay. Okay. Okay. And You know, especially football man, what do you think? Was that a holding? Should they have called that? You like that? Man? Man, I'm trying to watch the game, man. But It don't care with you. Okay. Yeah. You right. You right. I got you. I got you. I mean, I stop, I don't stop wearing headphones. I be at the airport. They take my headphones off. They take my head ask me asking, did you just take your headphones?


Yeah. They took 'em off and ask me a question. Oh, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on. Somebody ask you pull your headphones off. Oh, they do it all the time. What you mean? Somebody All the time. So if, if, Hey, well I can't imagine that, but I know you, you'd be ready to snap. Huh? I like, I, oh, I mean, I mean sometimes I do wish I get got the grace that other people that had headphones on would walk you through the airport or wherever in the gym and they didn't get tapped on the shoulder or they didn't get the headphones lifted off the ear. But You know, in a situation like that, Ocho You know, you have to be on all the time. Yeah. I mean, we can't, celebs and entertainers and athletes, we never get to have an off day.


We got to be on all the time. Yes, sir. And that's, that's sad. 'cause we are human money doesn't make you from, doesn't exempt you from human experiences. Sadness, disappointment, anger, frustration, happiness. Oh yeah. But it is what it is. Ocho You know, you, you, you keep it moving and 'cause I ain't, I ain't spending no money on no private jet. We go now, we getting places. Hey, speaking of jets and speaking of airplanes in general, You know, there've been a lot of situations, a lot of, lot of airlines having unfortunate circumstances, You know, aerial, You know, I I don't wanna say it.


You know, falling out the air, having incidents, You know, tumbling over doing flips on the runway. You know what? Airline hasn't had any issues on What? Airline Spirit. They've been grounded. You know what Airline hasn't had any issue in chat? None at all. Now listen. Now, now we might, we might fight. We might fight on the plane. Oh, you what you mean? Might Hey, stay, stay with me now. We might fight on the plane. You might have our receptionist cuss you out. Yeah. That Might happen. But one thing about it, we gonna get you where you gotta get to and we're gonna get you back home safe.


We ain't having no, no issues. We gonna get you, we might fight. You know, we might talk a little bit. That's all right. You do, You do realize that movie Soul Plane was based on spirit. Hey, Hey, You know, You know the soul playing game from point A to point B. Right? They were Bouncing and listen, it might, it might be a little chaos. It might be a little turmoil on the way to your trip, but we ain't falling outside.


Hi, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Who do You know on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now? Everyone. Right. These game changing weight loss meds are everywhere and Future Health makes it easy to get started. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their era. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands Page of five. Dirk four Page is a lead. Okay. Okay. I'm mad him, I left him off my list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's So tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just a shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you, there's a fear factor that's associated with anytime you're wide open. Like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. Listen to Goat GOTE greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LP gto, winner and six time Lady G repeat tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to say all my Miss America, by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf. They're superpower All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads. Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda b Otis. So if you want to keep up with us and here's Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's top headlines. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Yeah, this is what had been eating up the chat and everybody been wanting to talk about it. Yeah. What happened? And now the rep most requested topic of the night, what Steve Smith Sr. Was called Having an Affair with another man's wife. First a Facebook post appeared that was clearly written by the husband. I mean, you guys can see it. It is like, Hey, I'm, I'm Nicole Martinez, though I won't be Martinez much longer. You see, I've been cheating on my husband and have been doing so with the very famous Steve Smith Sr. Pick a tax for reference. I had hidden under three, but that's been fixed. My husband brought me a house. He stood by my side after I've been arrested twice for domestic violence.


And this is how I repay him and our son. Three's plenty of messages here. Steve's crazy. The kind of revealing messages a celebrity will send. Baltimore Ravens. I'm also a member of your team band. I believe I violated some fraternization rules by hooking up with Steve at the training facility. Oh Lord have mercy That when, when this happened, UNC, why I've been, man, I've been out here in The Bahamas. I ain't hear nothing About this. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Ocho. And then the husband calls Smitty and posted the video. Now I don't know if, if if there is some kind of, like, don't you have to have to record someone? Don't you have to have state.


It's state by state. And in Vegas it's only one party. So the party that's recording, they know it. The other party don't. California is, I think a is a two state. But anyway, Ocho, the husband called Smitty and posted the video. Let's take a listen to what, what was said. Hey, yo, Steve. Yes sir. Yeah. You've been my wife bro. What you gotta say for yourself? I'm sorry. You're sorry.


Well, listen. He Said he's sorry. He said he's sorry young. Now listen, this, this is what you don't do. This is, this is as, as, as, as a, as a as a man understanding. You know, that's my wife, girlfriend, someone you're seeing, someone you're talking to. You never confront the individual because Steve Smith senior owes you no loyalty. Steve Smith ain't married to you, bro. She's not married. She, Steve is not married to you. You talk to your wife. You, you check your wife. And that goes for any and everybody. I know a lot of people you wanna crash out about you woman and, and all this stuff. Man. Or your man Or, or your man. It could be, listen, it, it goes, it goes both ways. It always come down to me again, understand who you're marrying.


Understand. Understand human nature. Human nature is undefeated. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna say that as well. I don't care how people come off. I don't care how innocent they may seem. I don't care how much they tell you. They love you when certain opportunities present themselves. They gonna go when certain opportunities with certain individuals that are convenient and they feel they can get away with it. They're going to go, I don't care how much love there is. I don't care how much money you got. It doesn't matter. Understand who you're dealing with and move accordingly.


I mean, I say I I say it all the time. I say it all the time. Listen, had a family, kids husband, he doing everything. He's doing this and you upset. There's no reason to call Steve. That's not doing nothing. You take that up with the, you take that up with the wife. You take it up with the Mrs. Well, I think the thing is what the, the gentleman was doing is that like, okay, if I'm gonna get a divorce, I'm gonna try to mess your happy your home up also. That's what this was about. I ain't answering. Hey, First of all that that ain't my mo that's not me. You married. Oh, this ain't nothing.


It's something you don't, your a no don't ju just keep it a buck with me. You married and I, I'm a firm believer in this. A man might not want his wife, but the moment another man shows interest, all of a sudden it gets rekindled. And like you just said at the top, people will crash out about certain situations that crime of passion and juries are very sympathetic. They're very sympathetic in situations like crime of passion. Leave it alone guys. If you, if they're married, just let it go.


Smitty, my guy, I know I've known Smitty 20 years. Same. Great. Just saw a, he just was at my, he was just at my party at the Super Bowl. Had a great conversation with him. Had a great conversation with him. I love the guy hard knowed the way he played X, Y, and Z. But bro, you need to take that up with your wife. Yeah. Smitty owes you no loyalty. He's under no obligation. Now. He's gonna have to deal with the issue at home, his own, on his home front, on his own situation. But this, this, I don't know the, I don't know the gentleman ma name.


That's the situation you gotta handle with your wife. She's, she has the loyalty clause. She's the one that has an obligation to you. To you go ahead, Ojo. I haven't been around too long, man. Haven't been around too long. Too much experience. It ain't even worth it. It ain't even, it ain't even worth it. You know, I'm, I'm not talking about, I'm not even talking about Smitty's part. You know, I I I love Smitty. You know me and Smitty go way back to Santa Monica. I'm forget the Smitty part. I'm just talking about the individual who's married to the young lady. And you, You know what time it is.


You see something like that. You going about your business and this ain't the first time the signs had to be there. The signs had to be there. Something like this done just happen all of a sudden. Oh my God. Oh my goodness. I'm going through, I go through my white phone and all of a sudden she's sleeping with somebody else. No, this has happened before. Man. They joke, release and text me, bro. That that's day late. That'd be lame, man. Cat, cat get pack your bag and start f over. You know what time it was. You know what you, You know what you married. Understand what you're marrying. And even, and even if you got your good girl on, I would, no, I'll never forget. I never forget ave a wise man once told me.


Depending on the circumstance and opportunity, whoever you dealing with will take the chance. If they know you won't find out, they will take the chance. Depending on who it is. It doesn't matter. But you just can't Ocho. But I'm, listen, no matter what, I'm not calling no one about someone. Hold on. You think I'm embarrassed by you? Think I'm embarrassed myself? Yes. Could not. He gonna be man, I had, I had man, I had old boy because that, that's happened to me. That's happened to me. Dude confronted me bro. You ain't got no issue with her. How you think I got here?


Got right. Got how you think I knew where she stayed? Mm. You ain't say that. You stand in your mind. You ain't say, you ain't say that. You just, you in your mind, you saying I understand what you mean. Hey, can you imagine? I I wanted, I wanted to whip him. Nah, don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. But He was a teammate. Okay. God. Huh? I didn't know Ocho. I ain't know. You ain't know No bro. If you were burns, if you Was a n Time boy, UNC, you like that. Okay. Ocho No. If you weren't Keith Burns when you was with the Broncos, I didn't know what the hell you was doing. I didn't care.


Once I found, once I found out Right. I'm cool. Yeah, Because I don't, I don't, I don't want it to become an issue. Once I found out I'm good. You good? You got me. Hey you Don. Hey bro, my bad. Okay. Once I found okay three times though, I had, You know what I'm saying on your, You know I'm saying don't go three times that damn Boy. You was an animal boy guy, Lee. Okay, I See you Don. I couldn't just leave. Oh, Joe, You know I'm saying, oh, Joe, when the club about to close, how many people say okay, the club closing, they get up and start walking out. They linger around. They're like, sh hey let get another drink bar. You know? So I had to, I had to linger around. Right.


I understand. I understand. Hey, that's, that's why You know one when it happened once, when it hap when it happened once, yeah. You matter. Pack your bags and go, I don't know what you arguing for, what you arguing for, what you fussing for, what you release the text messages for. But one, it's not gonna stop because once you, once you gonna do it again. It ain't like a light switch hit on and all of a sudden, You know what, oh, I ain't gonna do this no more. I ain't gonna, nah. That's, that's exactly who he, once someone shows you, oh, once somebody show you who they are, that's what it is. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, like I said, Ocho, I didn't know, I didn't know until he rolled up on us. But I told you the story Ocho had to do rolled up on us. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. You was on demon time though, huh?


Yeah. You saying now bus around Now, now that I think about it. In order for him to find out where we were, he had, she had to have taken him there too. Ah, O because ain't no, ain't no way. Ain't no way. I'm just going to, you just going to go somewhere and all of a sudden, You know what? They might be here because he wasn't from there and I wasn't from there. And for him to go to that spot, He had To know, he had to have gone there before. See, You know what, You know what that tell me? She done took more than just you two there as well too. Huh? That ain't got nothing to do with me. I know. I'm just, I'm just saying, Hey, that song, I don't care about the other man. Just be good to me. Ain't got nothing to do with me.


What, what you did, what you did before, Shannon. What you do after Shannon ain't got nothing to do with me. But You know it does have something to do with you. What you do while you wish Shannon, that's what matters. True. You Hear? I'll let that go. Hey, I ain't Finn. Look, I I ain't finna hold you. Clearly that's what you want to be with. That's where you want to be at. I'm gonna let you go ahead and do that. Yeah. Hey Man, you, I told man what look You Got are, that's the, a lot of behavior is just like, just like animals. Yeah. Once and I grew up on a farm. Once we had a hog and that joker got out. Yeah. My grandfather wasn't gonna keep him much longer because he already knows what it's like on the outside.


So no matter how much feed and slop you gave him on the inside, he knows it's something out there and he needs to get to it. So once they started getting out, it wasn't long before my grandfather low ass up in the truck and take him to the market. Once they get outside, Ocho just like, just like a dog let a dog break out. Especially if he, he or she is intact. Right. One or two things. You either go get that fixed. Yeah. Because you're not gonna be able to keep 'em in. Now I ain't telling you what somebody told you. I'm telling you what I know. You talking about somebody that grew up on a farm that had hogs, that had dogs. I'm telling you and I look, I, I look, I'm not saying, I'm just saying the behavior.


I ain't calling no woman, no dog and no hog or nothing like that. I'm just saying the behavior, humans are animals. Yeah. And they have very, very similar behavior. A lot of times territory animals mark their territory that kick, if you notice a dog go poop, he'll kick his, he, he got sick glands in his paws in the back. He let em know, Hey big dog here. Now don't lemme catch you over here. I'm gonna do something bad to you. Hey, hey, You know what? I think it, it, it is, it is funny when you think about the experience, I think that the chat, there's, there's a huge disconnect and not understanding the amount of, alright, how do I say this without getting in trouble.


The chat has a huge disconnect where they don't what they say the amount of women we've dealt with during those days, and I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna say it, I I don't give a fuck who I get in trouble with. Especially right now. You don't understand the amount of women I've dealt with during that day. You know, I'm talking about 20, 25 years worth. So I know what it looks like, what buddy going through. I've been on one end of the spectrum and I've been on the other side of the spectrum. Absolutely. But I've been number two way more times than I've been Number one. So I, I know the game, I know the tricks, I know the trade and like, at that point, so you, you become numb to it.


As soon as you see any signs, boom. Okay. You know what time it is, you lock in and you move accordingly. It's really easy through experience over time. That's why that's unc that for me. I'm just saying for me, that's why it's so easy. I always tell you, that's why I always tell you I see one thing wrong. Boom. It's easy for me to be able to com compartmentalize and know what's going On. I'm dealing with it. Yeah. Joe, please. I look, I, and I think the thing is, a lot of times men and women are not as forthcoming as they as they need to be. Never. My grandfather used to always say, he say, boy, everybody has somebody. It's just to what extent a wife, a significant other, a girlfriend.


Maybe you see them casually. The, the, the, the likelihood of you finding somebody scot free. Now, even if you find somebody, she or he seeing somebody and they might be willing to, it is easy for them to cut it off because it's not that expensive. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait a minute. Now I told you this before. This is when I, when our earlier shows when we first started Yeah. Like when you meet somebody, right? And, and, and the women, women in the chat, they, they can attest to this, You know, most of the time the person you with right now is really not who you want to be with 98% of marriages. The women that are married to certain men. You're not married to the men you really wanna be with. You're married to your safe, you're married to your safe place. And the one that made the most sense, women that have girl, I mean men that have girlfriend, girlfriends right now, ask your girlfriend.


Ask your girlfriend, who's the dude that left that mark in her life that will always have access to her for the rest of her life? And see if she tell you the truth, truth. Everybody got one. Every woman has one. No matter who it is. Always. They all got one. And if she tell you it isn't everybody, everybody in my life, not one, just had that one place in that one spot in my man. God, please. Yeah. It's a dirty game. It's a dirty game. But that the mentality, the mentality has changed Ocho because women have adopted a lot of the mentality that a man has man.


Yeah. You Know, Men, men have that mentality of do boom, do Oh, you do it, I'm gonna do it too. Yeah. Yeah. And sometimes they go get the lick back. They go get your best friend. They go get your, your work, whatever the case may be. That's your hoo-ha. Oh no. Damn my who I know it ain't No I know that's hers. Oh yeah. So you think, oh, you get no, you, you can't get that you, you that, that follows you. That's on you that follows you. I can't keep it. One thing, I think one of, one of the things we confuse, especially when we get in relationships. We get in relationships. Yep. Hell, even marriages like this individual here we have this, this feeling, this feeling or or notion that, okay, that's my property.


Hmm. Ownership. You know, even, even, even in relationships, once that title comes about, where men continue to crash out about is they feel as if they own that woman in her body and what she's doing with her body parts. At no point ever, no matter how much money you pour to that individual, at no point ever does she be belong to you. Ever. I don't care what she say. Even though her horizontal activity when she tell you this is your, You know what, it still ain't yours because at some point it belongs to somebody else. It is yours right now. Yeah. At that, at that very moment. That, that's all I'm worried about. I don't know. That's it. That's Oh hey, Hey Ocho.


Yeah. If you, if you spend a lot of time worried about, and remember I told you like when I went to work and I tell my, I used to tell my, I said, I can't worry about you. I said, I can't spend one moment while I'm at work worrying about what you're doing. Right. Because if I do, I gotta let you go. Mm. I gotta let you go. If I gotta think about what you're doing, where you are. If you're talking to someone, I gotta let you go. It ain't, it don't make no sense. Huh? It Don't make so Smitty put him, I mean I, I hate that Smitty got himself in a situation like this knowing his situation. But Buddy was wrong for this bro. I I, okay. Let's just say for the sake of our, you get what You want. One, he hold on time out. Just by the way he's moving. Just by the way he's moving. He ain't going nowhere.


Let, let's start there. He ain't going nowhere. He ain't going nowhere. He ain't Let him go. You don't think so? No. Hell, hell no. He ain't even that type. He done, he done got, he done got the, what you call, he done got the woman hack the woman account. Listen, ain't nobody going through all that. That's leaving ain Anybody going through all that, that's leaving. You ain't do. You ain't do you, you not doing all that. If you leaving, I'm, You know what, You know I'm gonna save myself an embarrassment. There you go. Just walk away And I'm, man, I'm, I'm gone. Just walk Away. Ain't ain't nobody going know. Hey two, hey three people going know me, her the good man of stairs. That's it.


Yeah. Hey, it's a dirty game and it's been that way for a long time. For, that's why you gotta learn to play it. Yeah. Gotta learn to play it and bow out with grace. Yeah man, you hurt the ocho that, that, that's hurt. I mean, Ocho hurt, You know by yourself. Huh? Hurt by yourself. You know how you get over hurt, get under somebody else. That's how you get over hurt. Get under somebody else consistently. You, you will be fine in order. You Remember, but when I told you that, when I said that you talking about Unc, you ain't gonna heal. I Said that. You told me I needed to heal. Oh, this is different circumstances you wasn't married. Yeah. This difference. Always Remember Chad, You know, write this down, You know, get your notepad out.


She's not yours. It just, if this man tried to die out, ain't there some kind of fraternization bro, stop it. You ain't no military. Steve Smith is not no, not, not no. Superior to her. Hey fraternal. Who? Who? Fraternization Man. You don't go on about your business, man. Hey, pack your bags boy. Start over man. It's cool. It's a lot. It's a lot more out there.


Hi, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Who do You know on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now? Everyone. Right. These game changing weight loss meds are everywhere and Future Health makes it easy to get started. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Hero. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands Page of five. Dirk four Paige is Elite. Okay. Okay. I'm mad him, I left him off my list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just a shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you, there's a fear factor that's associated with it. Anytime you're wide open, like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. Listen to Goat GOTE greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all my Miss America, by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads. Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle Lee, Heather McMahon, Amanda Ball, Otis. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ocho a question went viral on Twitter. What old person thing do you do? Oh, this is a good one. This is a good one. You know what old person thing that I do? Prob probably go to bed early, You know, outside at nights we have Nightcap. Yeah. I'm, I'm asleep by nine o'clock. 9:00 PM I'm up at 5:00 AM and I, I'm not sure if you would, you would, you would consider sitting on the porch and people watching an old person thing because everybody, people's watch, everyone people watches in general. But I like, I make it a thing to actually do when I go places like it's people watching. Is is a extreme sport.


It passed by so much time depending on where you are at the airport. Oh, amazing. At the mall. Amazing. You can, you can pass by. You can kill a lot of time. People watching and I'm not sure if you consider that an old people thing being that they love sitting out on the porch and just being nosy in general. I consider that a form of people watching as well. I don't, I don't sit out on my porch. I don't do nothing. No. I put, I put clothes ocho I work outta my garage and people just walk up. Hey, I thought that was you. How you doing? If you don't get your ass out of my garage. Oh babe. Oh Joe, I listen. People think I'm black. People don't have no filter. They don't put, they don't have no nothing. Right. People just walk.


I'm talking about I'm in my garage walking out and people will just walk up in the yard, walk up in the garage. I thought that was you. What you mean? Well, You know, you, you're a good dude, man. You know, people feel that you're approachable. Don't worry about it. I am approachable. I got a, they work, they construct an a fence right now. I gotta, I'm getting a a fifth building encasing the whole property. Real man. Y'all can't just walk up in p Oh no, come on now. You gotta be accessible man. You gotta be a people's person, You know. No, Bro. And invite, invite people. Hell No. You gotta do like they used to do back in the days, You know, when you meet your neighbors, you invite your neighbors in fatigue, sit down cup of Coffee. It, it's a different, it's a different time now Ocho it's a different time.


It ain't like it was when you and I grew up. It's different. Wait, listen. Your neighbor, you Gotta move. You gotta move different. But you live in a, you live in an area where you ain't gotta worry about that. Nah, I don't bro. I ain't trusting nobody. So if I walked in your driveway, you're not gonna trust me. No. Well first of all, you better hurry up 'cause the fence gonna be done in a couple of weeks. The gate gonna be up in a couple of weeks. I'm not, I'm not even tripping 'cause I'll hop the gate. I'm not tripping. Don't worry about it. Hey, you definitely be hopping. I promise you'll be hopping. You definitely will be hopping, I promise you. Yeah.


Are you gonna shoot at me? Oh, You know, you, you be, you be hopping a ninjas sent me $20 and told me to go shopping. I must be finna order Shine card or something. Child. I don't know what the f I'm gonna do with that. What if 200 to go shopping, don't you? $200. Yeah. Hey, You know how many, You know how many outfits a woman can get with $200 on Shine, on Fashion Nova, if you can dress you the key words, do You know how many outfits you can get on Shiner? Fashion Nova for $200 if you can dress, all you need is a pair of heels. All you need is a pair of heels and a person a clutch. That's it.


That's it for women. It don't take much. You don't have to have on designer. You don't have to have, yeah you do. Nice thousand dollar outfit. If You know how to piece things together, an outfit with $200 from Shine and Fashion Nova. You could kill 'em. You can kill them. I, I've seen, I've seen women do it. Okay, here's the piece they wanna put, they want you to send $500, 500 to a thousand for shoes. They want you to send another 500 to a thousand for their hair. They want you to send another two 50 for their nails. And they want you to put another fi another 2000 for the outfit. That's the piecing together. They want you to do. Certain women need to be self, You know, self-aware, self-awareness is very important, uncle. You need to be self-aware.


All you really that girl to be able attract those type of men that are doing those type of things. If You know you're not like, why even think about it. Why even think about it? You know? Look, look in the mirror. Be honest with yourself. It is. Am Hey, how y'all say that? What is it she in Shine, shine, shine Is sheen, sheen, sheen, sheen. Oh Yeah, sheen. Listen, am I really gonna track the kind of man that's gonna change my lifestyle with one check? Am I gonna track one of those men that can change my life at the drop of a hat? You know, probably not. It's a very small percentage of women that are going to meet those type of individuals. So get that out your head. It's okay. $200 is enough. It's enough to get what you need to do.


It's enough. Huh? I'm telling you, I see. I done seen women in $5 dresses with heels in a clutch look like a million dollars. Yeah. I don't, I don't know. I don't, you're right. I don't know. Yeah. I I don't, I don't know anything about no shopping where women shop at. I do What did that, what did they what they what that what that thing I do. What what about, what did women buy the shoes at? I mean, depends what, what shoes you're talking about. What We got? No, there, there's a web, there's a site. Hold on It. It's so many Sophia Webster. YSL No, it's, hold on. It's like when you, if you can't find it, if you can't find it, hold on.


Hell no. What they saying back there? Talking about Zappos? What's that? What's Zappos? I guess that's where you buy stuff from. Okay. What is that net Netta porter y'all ever heard of Netta Porter? Mr. Porter Port? Yeah. She definitely wasn't shopping there. Hey, women gotta understand bro. Hey, $200. You know what you could do with $200 on if you, This woman couldn't do anything with it. That unc, if You know to Dress what hundred long?


It's Pasha A site. P Mark, Pasha Mark. Oh man, I don't know man. Come get off here. I ain't bought nothing man. Please man. I wasn't, look, y'all got me looking good and I ain't bought, Hey, I ain't bought, I ain't bought anything. I ain't ordered enough, enough. Nowhere And, and only thing my credit card did is, is, is pay for food. I can't, I I don't, I I don't think I've ever used, I've never used my, she used the credit card, but I've never ordered anything offline. Oh, I don't, I don't. But listen, I don't play, but I haven't order offline. Especially on Instagrams. You know, you sometime, You know, scrolling through the explore page, you come across some of those really dope sites that sell that, that sell clothes Most of the time it be in the UK too.


Hey there, there's a, there's a line called UNC that I really, I I really enjoy this brand called St. Perry, You know. Oh no. Right. The price, the price point ain't crazy. You know, real, real nice, You know, casual looking stuff. Man, you, you gotta start going online. Hey, let, let me shop for you. Lemme be your personal shopper. No, I'm good. I got Shelly for that. Okay. Okay. So you're trying to say you think Shelly has the same vision when it comes to fashion as me? No. Okay. Okay. Okay. But Well, let me, let me style you one time. Let me, there's just one time. That's, that's what I do. You know, this year, 2025, I'm Mr. Put that shit on. Oh, damnit, I've been doing good. All show. My bad. You Been doing good.


You been doing better. Yeah, No, I, yeah. Lemme get off your, I I ain't, I ain't order because it ain't like, ain't like I could order something. Hey, but Man, you man, you need to learn how to do stuff for yourself. Why? If I learn how to do stuff for myself, I'm putting somebody outta work. That's a good one. I like that. That's a good one. I Gotta, I gotta, You know, That's a good one. The Volume. Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called The Greatest of Their Era.


And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands page of five Dirk, four Peja is a lead. Okay. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so Tough. That's why we tap these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I Love it. Listen to Goat GOTE, greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus, you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed, LPT Tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel and Keira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, An iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your Podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women Sports.