
What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, a new faith provides answers. You Mix homesteading with guns in church. Voila. You got straightway. He tried to save everybody.


Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further, we've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the Field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL Media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on. Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And. we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And Then there's me, Devon Rogers And. We are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. Tune into my podcast each week to hear me and my friends in the community break down the latest matches, including the US Open Plus hear from some of the biggest names in the sport about what the future holds. It's about belief and once you break through that, then you know you can win a Grand Slam. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports,


The Volume


TD Teddy taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call it. Touchdown one thing's for sure. Touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. We want to to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to draft King Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new draft. King customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap After you saw your Houston Texans take down the Chicago Bears 1913. Thank you. Thank you for joining us. I am your favorite, UNC Shannon. Sharpe. He is your favorite. Number 85, the route runner extraordinaire. The bingo ring of Fame artery. His bingos are oh and two. You know, the pro bowler, the all pro Liberty City is all. That's Chad Ocho. Seco Jaa. Now do us a favor right now, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Yes ma. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. Every subscriber matters. And, we thank you for mattering because that's how we become the Nightcap that you know and love.


So thank you again. Please go out and get Shaa by La Porter. If you can't find it in a city or a state near you, you can order it from my e-commerce site and we'll ship it directly to your door. So thank you guys for supporting Shaa by La Porter. Also go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's Shesha Media and my clothing company. That's 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pinned at the top of the chat guys. We released some shirts last week. Obviously. We had the, the Tour t-shirts, And, we had some shirts that came out on Wednesday night. Thursday and Friday. Tonight is the last night. You're gonna be able to order those teas. Noon tomorrow is the cutoff and they'll be no longer in existence.


So thank you guys for your support in that endeavor. 80 four.com is the link that's pinned at the top of the chat where you can go buy your T-shirts. Oh show. Let's get right into it because we got a jam packed show tonight. Yeah, the Texans hold on and beat the Chicago Bears 1913. They did a great job of getting after KB Williams. They sacked him seven times. They picked him off twice. They did a great job of confusing him with their coverages and they hold on to win 1913. Yeah. Big hits in the second half and he's gonna learn ocho some of the throw a lot of the throws that he got away with in college. Yeah. You can't get away with him in the NFL. They'll make you pay for him.


And another thing when you're heading to the sideline, you know how like college guys will pull up and let you run on out of bounds? Yeah. They're not gonna do that in the NFL because they want the an accumulation of licks. They want that to add up. So the first quarter you might pop right up like that didn't hurt the second quarter. Yeah, we feeling good, but they keep putting enough of them on you on the third and the fourth quarter. And over the course of the season, they're gonna add up. Caleb, you gotta run. Like when you make a detour, like you going out of bounds ocho you gotta outta run four or five and get on up out of bounds. They don't because they're not playing. They going, if they get that, they get that close to you Ocho because you don't have the protection of the pocket. Yeah. You a runner. You're a running back.


Yeah. They gonna lay wood on you. Ocho what'd you take from this ball game? Listen, I I enjoyed the ball game. Listen, Caleb Williams, what he has to do, he has to learn to protect the ball, learn to protect the ball, learn to live to see another play. Some of those deep throws. Listen, I like what he's able to do as far as his escap ability. Oh yeah. You know, being, being able to extend plays, trying to make plays down the field to try to get his team into the game. But you can't, you, you can, you can't do it. You can't do it. Obviously like college sometimes some of those receivers were wide open. We able to, to dodge the, the d tackles and the d tackles and the guards. That might've, that might've gotten through. But you know, these play, these players are covered. Sometimes you throw it in a, in a in a double coverage sometime you, you, you throwing weight.


He had one one throw up. He threw way across his body from the right hash all The way, all the way back across the field and got picked. Oh man, Listen. Nah, it, it's, it's not, it's not gonna work. Sometimes listen, just throw the ball away and live to see another down. I mean, other, other than that. Listen, they they pressured him. They, they pressured him a lot. You know, they, they fooled him with, with some of the coverages and other, other than that, I mean, it was a good game. It was a good, I actually enjoyed the game because towards the end, the bears actually had a chance to come back and win. It got real interesting. Yeah, it got very interesting. It's funny how that always works. You know, that you ever, you ever noticed that? I do. Yeah. 'cause the thing is, it seemed like they, the Texan was going in to put the game away.


Oh. But Makers the ball, They're About in Go and touchdown Ocho they're about to go up two scores. They're about to put the game game away. Yeah. Game. And that's what you have to guard against. Because if you think about it, Ocho more teams lose games than teams win games. Yes sir. Sir, there's more, a lot more losing than winning. Now we know at the end of the day, they're gonna have to have, somebody's gonna have to win unless the game ends of the tie. Right. But you go back and look, you look at it like, okay, this was a direct correlation to why we lost the game. And you know, like you said, Caleb Williams, I think he, he, he has a great, he, his escap ability is unbelievable. Yeah. He can make every throw. He just has to understand this isn't college.


Everybody, everybody at this level is elite. Yeah. Even if there, you know, there's tears to it, but you're talking about the best of the best. You only got 1600 men in the world of 8 billion people that do what you do. Yeah. 1600 of 8 billion. That's a very, very minute. Percent of men that can play this game at the highest level and the things you got away with in college more times than not, nine times outta 10, they'll make you pay for it. Oh yeah. And learning, he, you know, oh, when you have success doing something Ocho what you wanna do, you wanna continue to do it that way. Right. Man, I've always, this is the way I've always done it. Okay. Now you at a, at at elite level and they make you pay for that.


The Houston Texans CJ Stride was 23 or 36, 2 61 touchdown. He didn't turn the ball over. He had three sacks. They did a great job on him. I thought the thing, the biggest difference, what I saw from Houston, Texas this week, Texans this week, as opposed to last week ojo, is that their inability to run the football. Yeah. I think Joe Mixon going down with that. I, I didn't see Did they, did they call, did they throw a flag? Because that was definitely hip drop tackle. I thought he broke his leg. Yeah. Oh, now I, they didn't, I don't think they threw a flag on that one. T think his arm, his arms were around his waist. His arms weren't, weren't No, no, no, no. That's horse collar. The hip drop is when you drop your weight down. He dropped his weight down. Right. And, and he, That's why I thought he broke his leg.


'cause I'm like, oh my gosh. Yeah. His right ankle got caught up underneath. Yes. Yeah. But they, they didn't throw a flag. They, they didn't throw a flag. Yeah. And so I, I thought that was the, their inability to consistently get a run game. Mocho. Yeah. I thought that really hurt 'em and put them in a situation and, you know, give the Chicago, I think Chicago has a really good defense. I think they're good offensively. They're just young offensively. Yeah. But defensively, I thought they did a great job of, of getting after cj, Nico Collins had an unbelievable ball game step was trying to find his rhythm. He really couldn't get into a rhythm. But, you know, you wanna find a way to win a ball game. You win at the end of the day. Yeah. We didn't play our best game, but can you find a way to win where you don't have your best stuff?


That's what they did Clearly tonight. They didn't have their best stuff ojo. But they still find a way to win. What did you like about what you saw from the Texans? Listen, obviously, I like what I saw from CJ Strub, man, his poison in the pocket, his veteran, almost like a veteran presence. Like a Tom Brady. Like a, let me see who, who else sits in their pocket. Like they don't care what's around him. Yeah. And People flying listen, people flying by his head, flying at his ankles. He just right there just calm and relaxed ass down. Feel processing, whatever he needs to process in front of him. Sometimes he takes the sack obviously when, when there, when there's pressure. But dog, the, the, the maturity that CJ Stroud has and some of the plays, he's, he's been able to make, obviously not being really much of a dual threat quarterback, but being able to escape the pocket when he'd be and extend plays was, was, was really good tonight, obviously he didn't have the, the passing day.


He would like Nico Collins made some really good plays, some run after catch. And other than that Tank, Dale tried to get in, tried to get in the rhythm. He wasn't as effective tonight. The same with with Stefan Digs. But they gonna have they days as Nico Collin continues to get the, to, to put up yards and have games like he did today, obviously come next week. Okay, you know what we gonna do? We gonna, we gonna, we gonna double him. We gonna double him. And then here goes tank and here go Stefan. Having, having a, so teams are gonna have to pick their poison, but as long as CJ Sri is playing like he's playing, not turn the ball over. Being able to facilitate and get the ball, get the ball to the play, make, get the ball to the players that are open instead of forcing, forcing the ball like brother Caleb Williams was doing tonight.


Yeah. They, they gonna be all right. And basically to me, CJ Rou is basically just picking up where he left off last year. Yeah. Yeah. Just picking up where he left Off, left off Last year. You know, I think the thing is, O Joe, when you, when he doesn't throw for 300 yards like he did last year, every game later, ah man, he, he in a sophomore slump. No. I mean, teams are better prepared for him. He's doing a great job of not turning the ball over. You gotta pick and choose your battles. Okay, I'll take a sack here. I'll throw the ball away there. The one thing I can't do is put my teams in harm's way. Harm's way. As long as I don't put my team in harm's way, I'm gonna make you beat me. That if you go back and look at the Patriots, what did the Patriots make you do? They made you beat them. Tom was not gonna put the ball in harm's way. They were not gonna have a whole lot of costly mistakes.


Now they have a bunch of penalties. Ocho you know, penalties that get you beat too now. Yeah. Yeah. I think they have 11 to 12 penalties. You gotta be careful of those. They start to add up. And so a lot of times they come at the most inopportune times we saw, we gonna talk about your team today. That, that one penalty. Look at when it came. All penalties aren't created equal. All turnovers aren't created equal. A turnover in the first quarter is a lot different than a turnover in the fourth quarter. So with that being said, I like, I like what I'm saying. I think, look, I think the Houston, Texas, considering when you look around, all you gotta do is pan around the A FC. Yeah. The Chiefs right now aren't playing Chief Football. They're not the dominant team. Kansas.


Cincinnati, oh and two The Ravens. Oh. And two. Two Hey Texans two and Oh yeah. So they're like, hold on. We, we we feel pretty good with where we sit. Yeah. Yeah. I listen, it's it's, it's only week two, huh? Yeah. Now we got a long season to go. And, and when you think about it, you know, the way I look at it is, is you play football in different halves. You got the first half of the season, September, October, and you got the back half of the season where it's not cutting time where it really count. And I don't really think football really started until after goddamn Thanksgiving. Well the thing is talking about the, the, the season done start till it get cold. Well it doesn't get cold in that dome in Houston.


And they've already, they've already gone to Indy. So they're one up in the division. They got a, a win over divisional opponent, which is Indy. And guess what isn't Jacksonville? Oh and two Indy Oh and two. Yeah. Who else is in that division? The Titans. Yeah. And the Titans. The Titans are what? Oh and two, They're, Yeah. So I, Hey, if I'm the Houston Texans, I tell you what, I know it's only week two, but I'd rather be two in Oh than oh and two. Yeah, you right. Oh, that's right. You know the, they did beat the just the, just did beat the Titans today. That's right. Just beat them. And so, you know, I I got a two game lead don't you? I got a two game lead and so I, I think this Houston Texans, I, like I said, I like what I saw.


I think they're well coached. They got, they got guys on the defensive line that can get out there, that can put pressure. They really, they, they're good on the back end. I like Stingley Junior, but because they can pressure you, Danell Hunter Will Anderson Jr. Anderson Jr. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. They, they, they got, they got some players. They got some players though Joe. They got some players that can go get there that can go get the quarterback and hunt the quarterback. Mario Edwards Jr. They got guys that can, you know, you don't, I mean, and he will bring pressure. Yeah. He will. Jamco will bring pressure, but he has a front four that's rotational. And they can go get your quarterback. They can confuse you cause you some problems. But I like what I see with this team, but I'm not giving up on the bears just yet.


I, I think the Bears have a great young team. And I know DJ Moore got frustrated. Oh, Joe, you know, playing with a rookie quarterback. You a veteran receiver, you know, you hey, you want it how you want it. Yeah. He's trying to figure things out. It's flying a thousand miles an hour. Yeah. I done got hit. First of all, he got sacked seven times. How many times did he get hit? How many times did he have to break, break four or five tackles in the backfield OCHO only to get two yards. So He like, man, it wasn't like this in USC. Yeah. I mean he, he gonna be all right though. Listen, if, if, if you watch K Williams play, no matter what you may think they might be ing to, but it's promising. It is promising as a quarterback be in the most difficult position.


No, the most important positions to play, which is also difficult as a rookie. He's going to be okay. He has all the intangibles, he has all the, all the tools that are needed Yes. To be successful. Which is why even though they're ing to, there are still glimpses, glimpses of hope for him and how good he's going to be. All he has to do is be better with the ball and some of his decision making and not, not, not start turning the ball over for no apparent reason at all. Yeah. That's, that's the one thing he's gonna have to eliminate. Because that what, that's what gets you beat O Joe. It's turning the, because it's hard enough. I mean, because now you are not even, you're not even giving yourself a chance.


Yeah. Because they're gonna, hey, they're gonna get X amount of possessions. Now you create even more possessions for them and less possessions for you, less time of possession for you. And you know, you're probably gonna put 'em on a short field. So that's something that definitely gonna have to be mindful of Ocho. But man, what do we got here? Lemme pull up. Let's go to the chief beat the Bengals as Buckner. Ah, hell nah. Hell, hell nah. Hell nah. Nah. Ain't no, ain't no chiefs beat. No Bengals ain't no. Let's put a asterisk by that. No asterisk. Let ref, let's, let's say the refs help too. Let's say the, let's say the refs help too Beat the Be Chiefs.


Beat Bengals 26 25 3 turnovers wasn't enough to ruin Kansas City at home. They maintained their po still managed to put together a balanced attack. They ran the ball for a buck 49. Isaiah Pacheco led the way with 90 yards on 20 carries. Patrick Mahomes only had 151 yards passing. Plus he turned the ball over twice. The chiefs needed a pi late to win by one. Since the Bengals drafted Joe Burrow in 2020, they played the chief six times and each team is won three. And the average margin of victory is 3.5 points. Yeah. Taken out the Browning game that the drops the 2.6. In fact, Patrick Mahomes and Burrow is the first starting quarterback matchup says 1950 with five straight matchups decided by three or fewer points.


Yeah. Hey, that goddamn game was good. What It was, that Goddamn game was good. Did you watch the on Listen, Chad, if you, if you saw the Bengal Chiefs game, it was good. Listen, we had about five lead lead changes within the game. The goddamn Bengals team I saw today, as opposed to what I saw when they played the Patriots last week was night and day. Yeah. It was, it was night and day. It was, it was, it was night and day. So I'm happy what I took from it, even though we lost the game because of, you know, it was a pi I'm gonna say that Chad, I'm gonna say it at the end of the game. That was a pass interference. Okay. Okay. I thought you said it wasn't a pi was A pi.


It was, it was, it was, it was. I know a lot of not, I know a lot of Bengal fans upset, but as a receiver and as a former db, that was pass interference. Yeah. In, in that case, you have to do everything you can to not make contact with the receiver Before the ball arrives and You get around and do whatever you can to swipe the hands. Yeah. But it, it was past interference. Even though we are upset, it is unfortunate that it always come and when it, when it comes to the Bengals in the Super Bowl on Logan Wilson, on Cooper Cup on that fourth down, always at the end of the game when it matters most, a flag is always thrown when it comes to us for some reason. Offensively we look good.


Yoshi hell of a game today. I want them to get Jamar Chase a little bit, a little bit more involved in the game. I want them to get Jamar Chase a little bit more involved in the game. Chase. You gotta keep it cool baby Chase, Chase. You gotta keep you cool like that. What Was he upset about? That wasn't a face mask. He had his shoulder pad. Yeah. Yeah. I, I don't, I don't, I'm not sure what he was upset about, but he was upset. And that's my first Oh. Thought it was hip. Oh, he said Ash said he thought it was a hip drop. Oh. Now it wasn't a hip drop because he just, he had him by the shoulder pad. That's shit. Yeah. I don't think, I don't think, I don't think, I don't think Chase understood that. Right. You know, so I I I understand when he watches it back and he actually sees it, and, and in real time, he'll understand.


You know what my bad. And other than that the frustration is also building up on him not as being as, as productive as he'd like as well. Huh. That's not, forget the hip drop. You're not getting the catches and the balls you need and deserve. 'cause I'm gonna tell you what they gonna try to do. Huh? Lemme tell you what they gonna try to do. They gonna try to play with you. Not only, not only are you not getting the production that you used to when it come time to get paid, you know what they gonna say? You ain't got the same numbers. Man. I know what they gonna say. Hell, I've been there. Oh, I'm telling you, I'm telling you the game that they gonna play now.


Yeah. I'm telling You. And I ain't, and I'm like, I ain't got the same targets either. I can, I can see, I can see it already. I already know what they gonna do. Oh, well you know what, we don't think you deserve this. 'cause if you look at your numbers, it ain't the same as it was, you know, in the previous two years. So we don't really think you should be making top man. Shh man. Listen boy. Hey punk, it's a dirty business chat. It's a dirty business. I'm telling you. Yeah, I'm telling I'm Man. But even, but even in that situation, Ocho. Yes sir. Oh, you, you, you got you. You gotta hold, you gotta, you gotta hold It tight, man. Ocho, you gotta bite your tongue on that one. Gotta hold Tight, Man. You know how many times late in the ball game, somebody done done some Cheapish.


Yeah. And you like, oh, I'm, hey, all up, I'm gonna get you. Oh Yeah, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna make it look like a play. But I'm gonna get your ass, I'm gonna get you. Yeah. Here we go. Hey, I'm gonna get you like, like you an elementary junior. I'm gonna get you Right. He was frustrated. He was he was frustrated though. Yeah. Obviously, I think off offensively what they also allowed, what they allowed the chiefs to do is they allowed the chiefs to dictate with the Ballwin. Yeah. Oh they do. I'm They allowed the chiefs to dictate with the ball win instead of putting Chase in positions to make plays. Now the plays he did make, it was a hot, you know, some, there's about three Or four. They're not, I can live with that. There ain't no impact plays. There ain't nothing splashed his long was 13.


I can live with that long as there ain't no 30, 40 no broken tackles. We know Chase, we seen him catch a routine route and take it to the house. We seen him out, out high point somebody and get going. Yeah. If I can live with four for 35. And all I'm saying is I don't believe these other receivers, I don't believe they can make enough plays to beat me. I know one can, he can single handedly beat me. Yeah. These other guys collectively. No, they can't. No, they can't, they can't make, they can't make enough plays consistently ocho. Right. So I'm gonna double him. So if Gki and Burton and R Junior sample Mark give all those guys, Hey, listen, the, I I, I know I, I hear what you're saying, but we have, we have very, very, very, very good depth at the receiver position.


Now, we might not be able to beat you, but I think we can make enough plays consistently to be in the game. And that's what you saw today. You was in the game. There's No, there's listen, there's no reason for Mahome to have three to three turnovers. And, we lose Bad turnovers too. I'm talking about bad That. Well, hey, that goddamn ca the cam Taylor Brit interception. Oh no, that was one hand. Yeah. Hey, that was beautiful, boy. Oh, that, that was beautiful. Boy. But worthy. I mean, I just want you to, I I just wanna know one thing worthy where you think it was, you thought it was Christmas and Santa Claus was gonna come down to chimney because that was the only way you could throw the ball. Because what you have to do worthy is that you gotta stack him.


Oh, you can't let him, you can't let him be on your hip because he's gonna ride you to the sideline, the side back. And it's gonna have to be a perfect throw. Yes. No. Is that with that feed? Once you, once you get even with him now you got to stack him. You gotta put him in a trail position. Right.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brant and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer, star Kabir, Baja b Amila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey Gb, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends at a children's Christmas play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how it went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kabeer's journey, but this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football, the search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church, and then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got straightaway. I felt like I was living in North Korea, but worse. If that's possible, Listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week of get all the latest news, previews, recaps, and analysis delivered straight to your podcast feed by the time you get your coffee. No dumb hot takes here. Just smart hot takes. We'll talk every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in the big guns from NFL Media. That's Patrick Clayban, Steve Weiss, Nick Shook, Jordan R from the Athletic and of course Colleen Wolf. This is their window right now. This is their Super Bowl window. Why would they trade him away? Because he would be a pivotal part of them winning that Super Bowl. I Don't know why. Colleen, catch the podcast, the NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal every day. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. And who doesn't want that? Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing, and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I loved this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus, serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete or how the best in sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League one Volleyball's podcast, serving pancakes, a new show by iHeart Women's Sports. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis in authentic conversations about volleyball and beyond. Learn what it takes to be the best in the sport and what it takes to stand on the podium from top athletes and figureheads in sports. Every week I'll dig into the perspectives from some of the best athletes in the world, like with Olympic gold medalist, Justine Wong. I will say my journey has not been easy like whatsoever. I've, I've been cut from teams, I've made teams, I've been the starter. I've been a non-starter. And so for me to like say that I made the Olympics, like I immediately started crying And give insights and behind the scenes stories from the people who are making the biggest impacts on global volleyball and women's sports. From the likes of three-time, Olympic medalists, Jordan Larson. I'm finding little ways to like do things differently. And now it's more of how can I help the next generation? You'll also learn about their other dream jobs if they weren't playing on the biggest stage, like from Olympian Lauren Carlini. I'm thinking about Starting a dog walking business, putting that out there for anyone's dogs who need to be walked or watched or fed or played With. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Can I say something? Go ahead. For people in the chat. For people in the chat. Obviously, you know, worthy is is the fastest receiver, fastest receiver in the league. Obviously having the fastest NFL time of NFL time combine time of all time four two and four three. I don't think people understand how close that is. Yeah, I'm talking about in in real time in two individuals like Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Put together. This is four two and this is four three. Like, it, it, it is right there. So you you, you in arm, you in arms' length and arms' reach. It ain't like this huge gap. I think people, people fail to realize that and, and, and, and have this perception that if you run four two oh you just that much faster than everybody else.


Hell, all the skill positions out there run four three. Huh. So from a technical standpoint, if you had, if you four two and I'm four three and I make you bow all the way around and you ain't making no move. Oh Yeah, yeah. All 'em do is just cut you off to the, The point Right To the sideline. You a you go a I'll make you run the loop and I'm just going Who? That's it. I'm gonna intercept you right there at the point because I know the ball got where the ball gotta be. The ball gotta be somewhere between 40 and 44 yards and exactly the four yards from the sideline. I Know that every time, every time the ball comes after the same time, it's gonna hit at the same spot. Every single time. Every single Time. Listen, you got the win in the phone booth right at the step of the ball.


You got the win there. People think all Trying to bo and go around people. Nah, you ain't ain fitting run the, you not finna run. First of all, you not finna just run the loot and be the 4, 4, 4 5 guy because he's gonna, he knows he's gonna intercept you. Look at SS ain't run no four. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Hey, he was so, he was so technically sound though. And his his not not ball ball, not ball control. His ball skills. Oh Yeah. Were elite. Once you get to a certain point, he get his eyes back. Yeah, he got that arm bar right at your hip so it can feel we at man listen.


And he gonna ride you to the sideline. He lost You. Look, You look at the way rebels were built, he's long armed. So in other words, his leg and most, most athletes, black athletes potentially have longer, have longer legs and short torsos. Yes sir. He arm are extremely long. Yes sir. So when you look at him, if you go look at pictures of Rivas and look how for a guy his size, look how long his arms are. Yep. And, if you notice something about Rivas, he never went for the first move. Oh man, listen. Re Hey Chad, let me, let me tell y'all something he say right here. Lemme tell. Hey Chad, listen to me. Revis had the patience of Sally Mae. I, I I bullshit you.


Not Revis had the patience of Sally Mae. There was one receiver, one receiver when Revis was in his prime that was able to get him on a consistent basis. And that was Stevie Godda Johnson. Yeah, that's it. Like a big receiver. A big receiver was always gonna have problems with him. Oh yeah. You needed to have quick, see I'm surprised you didn't have more success, but I think because you weren't as physical as you needed to be. No, no, no, No, No, no. If you, if a big receiver that don't have quick twitch, he will eat you up. Oh, you done? He done. He gonna eat you up. Done. Every time he Go he gonna eat you up. But here's the thing, Ocho people look at and they think it's just speed that makes Tyreek so good.


Oh, Tyreek has learned how to run the route tree. If worthy. If they, if the Kansas City Chiefs want to maximize what work Xavier worthy can be, he's gonna have to run plant routes. He's gonna have to run out routes, he's gonna have to run unders, he's gonna have to run digs. He gonna have to run comebacks because everybody knows Dale. First of all, it's a lot. It takes a lot to slow that speed down. Ocho. Yeah. Hold on. That's the whole thing. I'm glad you just said that. I'm glad you just said that because Worthy doesn't even have to run full speed. They already scared of you anyway. All you gotta do is exaggerate, exaggerate your running motion under control because once you come off the ball, they getting the F up outta there anyway.


Yep. Learn how to set up the slant. Learn how to set up the dig, learn how to run the curl. Give the illusion that you running fast when you're really not. Right. So it's easy as to transition. Yes. Man, come on. You gotta tell me. I, hey, I mean I, I wish I could get, I wish I could like sit down and talk to him. It's like, okay, tell me what you're thinking. You got, okay, you got this route. Tell me what you're Thinking. Yeah. Okay, look, DB outside, he head up. He inside. What? How, how you gonna process it when you come out the huddle? How You gonna run it? Whatcha you thinking? Yeah. Now also with your alignment in this film. Yeah. What else can you run?


Because you gotta be able to play. You gotta be able to play with your splits because if you line up with the same them, They know what you doing. They didn't study film. So if the ball in the left has and you two yards on the outside of the number, hell it's only two or three things you finna do. Yeah. Yes. Yes. I know. So you gonna have to play with your splits. Yeah. I mean and they're gonna be watching if all of a sudden you on the right side. If you normally, like most people, a lot of, a lot of teams like when we're like growing up, if you was on the left side over here, you put your left foot back. Right. You on the right side. You put your right foot back. Okay. Now when we run that bang, we want the inside leg up.


Yeah. It got gotta be seven steps. Oh but hold on, you don't normally do that. Right. Hey, watch that glance, watch that bang route because I already, I see your alignment tell what you normally do. Calling the do. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh. He like, oh sharp. You ain't, you fitting, you fitting run, run around because you ain't got no pressure on that hand. Right. Damn. You right. Hey, I Told you Ocho, I'm saying Ocho, I'm Finn Life. Yeah. I told you how the DB had the veteran dbs. I'll never forget Aaron Glen. Aaron Glen told me, Hey boy, I know every time you finna get the ball 'cause you come to the line of scrimmage and you do your gloves like this.


You pull tight and you and you and you srap Him. I'm studying everything And every time he was right. But he a told me after the game, I know in the ball coming a five, you tie your gloves. You do like this when you come to the line of scrimmage and you ret strapp him every time. Yep. Don't give him no keys. Nope. I Said, God damn. Yes. We watched it, we watched everything. Watch all. Yep. Because a lot, a lot of times. A lot. Just like anything else. I mean you have a dominant leg that you want to push off of. Yeah. So do D Lima, they have a dominant leg they want to push off of. So if all, all of a sudden, if you even more times than not, if you even, okay, you gonna drop in coverage or you flee the run.


But if you stagger that stance Right. Oh, you're trying to get off the rock. Yeah. So I think that's the thing with Worthy. If that's what, if I could share any information to 'em, you gonna have to start, you're gonna have to do something other than go deep. You're gonna have to learn, okay. Of this film, I can also run X, Y, and ZI just don't have to run the go route and you gonna have to play with it. 'cause I mean, you line up tight to the number, you ain't running no damn goal from there. Right. It'll take you all day. So I think he, he he he gonna be good though. He gonna be good. I, I mean, you know, you know how Andy Reed is, how creative he is when it comes to using players, you know, especially to their strengths. Yep. But when Worthy can, whatever his weaknesses are, once he can make, take those weaknesses and make them, they don't need to be his strengths, but make 'em good, then he be becomes that much more valuable and the playbook for him opens up exponentially.


I would go, that's a good word. You know what I would do Ocho I would go to the film department. Yeah. I say Go give me every tape you got on Tyreek Hill. Every, every catch that's Yeah. Every, every practice tape, every game, every game tape. I'm going to study Tyreek Hill. Yeah. When I got into this business, Ocho and I knew I was gonna be interviewing people, I asked Eric Mann the guy that I love, that I love this interviewing style and I'm nothing like, 'cause he trained in, this was Ed Bradley. I said, give me every interview Ed Bradley dead at 60 minutes. They got me about 40 hours of interviews of Ed Bradley. Yeah.


I love Matt Ly. Matt Lowerers interview style. I studied him. Go study people. Xavier worthy, the comparable to you is speed wise is Tyreek. He played in that system. Yeah. You're gonna be running a lot of the same routes. It's the same system. The same coach that drafted Tyreek drafted you the same way. And Tyreek came in as kind like a gadget guy. He was like to come in and give him, give he had a package. You can't return a pun returner. But they had a package to play for him. Yeah. Because he's too, he had too much feed. Not to try to get the football in his hand, but he taught himself how to run the tree. Now he's gonna run his way all the way to camp.


I'm not saying Xavier worthy can do that, but I believe he can be a very, very valuable cog. That's the guy I'm studying. That's the guy I'm watching. That's what you do. Ocho. I mean, I watched tape of Cog Christianson, Ozzie Newsom and Kellen Winslow. Those were the guys that I watched. I didn't study anybody else because their skillset didn't fit what I did. Their skillset. Right. Kelly, big Kel, Ozzy and Todd Christianson, their skillset fit my skillset. I was like, damn, I'm, I'm like them. Ozzy was a wide receiver. Kellen played was a tight end. Todd was a wide receiver at BYU. Yeah. I said, okay, that's who I need to study. That's what I need to do. That's, that's what I offer.


That's the advice I would offer Xavier worthy. But I'll say this one more time. Mojo the Bengals need to be careful What Happens. Because if you notice, they always talk about we're beat to beat that team. What happens when you don't come up against that team in the playoffs? Then what, you know how they say somebody, oh, we built to be x, y, x team Moto. Right? Right. But what if you come up against W and you don't see X? We, we, we'll probably win. I think, you know what I think it is from, from a, from a personnel standpoint, I don't know what it is about why we play so well against the chiefs. Despite the, despite the turnovers. If we could have got more points out of, out of those three turnovers, I think we could have actually not blew them out.


I won't use the word blowout Because y'all play cup y'all coverage because y'all can get pressure with your four and you drop seven in coverage. I watched the le they ended up benching the left tackle because he was so bad. You see, this is what I'm talking about Ocho this is what I'm talking about with football iq. Right. The chief left tackle, Chief left tackle number 76. I can't Remember. I saw, I saw, I saw him complaining too. You saw when the, the, the person that The guy that caught the touchdown pass replaced him, got heads to the face. Yes. Yeah. And he on the sideline talking about, see, y'all just took me out the game. Not Yeah, they, they took you out the game because you about to get Patrick Ma Mahomes head beat in ocho. Yeah. This is what I know. When you're helping, when when the left tackle Right tackle, they always gonna ask Sharpie, what are you doing?


Gary Zimmerman never wanted me to, he didn't want me to touch the guy. Right. Because he say sharp, I'm gonna sit a certain way. He called me Sharpie. He say, Sharpie, I'm gonna sit a certain way. If you hit him, I might over set him and then you push him inside. Right. Or I might expect something. So he didn't want me to touch him. Yeah. He was the o he was one of the few pe one of the tackles I played with. He didn't want, he did not want you to chip. He sat in a certain way. Right. But a lot of guys, I was like, okay, I got you here. I got you, I got you outside. Right. Which means you can sit as heavy as you want to Inside, inside, because I got your protection on the outside. Pacheco is coming to Chip on his outside.


He over recessive to the outside. And Hendricks goes inside he ma home. I was like, you've gotta be kidding me. I'm like, bro, I'm Jo. I just, I said, I mean, I just wanna know what your report card say. Did you get a f or you, was it satisfactory or unsatisfactory? Because I, I'm, I'm confused right now. Ojo, He satisfactory. I mean, he, he, he Got, he know the back, the back is coming. I know they told him, because you look at Pacheco, he checks, he goes wide. He's going to chip him. If he comes up the field, Pacheco iss gonna chip him back onto the tackle. Right. Just don't, just don't overset outside and give him a free route. Because guess what Hendrickson sees?


Like, oh, hook him, Pacheco. Oh, you said why? Oh, I'm going inside Right away. That's what I'm saying guys with, with iq know where your help. A I'm asking a what y'all doing because I needed to know. 'cause sometimes the tackle had to step down to secure the gap with the guard. I needed to know that because now that's going to impact my stance. Do I sit, do I take a hard step inside or can I sit outside? Hey Zel, hey, they gonna let me know. They're telling, we say Gilligan, that means Shannon. You on an island. Yeah. You by yourself. Oh, okay. You on, you're on your own. Ocho I got, now this is why I've been lifting by, I gotta, I gotta use these muscles on them now Ocho, I gotta, I gotta use these muscles.


Muscles on there. Yeah. So what I'm gonna do, I'm gonna quick set it because he's not anticipating me being there. There. Right. So once I quick said him and I get, I get locked in. Oh, you ain't going nowhere. Are you trying to beat him to the punch? I beat him to the punch. Yeah. Because he's not anticipating me pass blocking. I mean, you see me. Oh, I know you going out for a route. So you just go, you just gonna do your thing 'cause you think you got tackle right. Bam. I'm right there. But just guys, just understand where your health is. Gotta eliminate a lot of the problems. Just understanding where your health is, where you are vulnerable. You are not going to beat me where my strength is.


I got outside, I'm sitting outside, I'm sitting heavy outside. You, you know what, I, I think a lot of, a lot of players, a lot of teams are still gelling. You can practice all you want. You know, you and I have said it all the time. You can practice over and over and over. But once you get into a game, it's different. Sometimes you forget things, things that you don't naturally do in practice. You, you, you be extra, you know, doing stuff you don't normally do in practice. You do it in the game. I think by, I think by the time, especially when it comes to offenses, offensive lines. By the time they get to week four and week five, I think everybody will be in rhythm and have, and have some type of continuity to where the offense is flowing.


And, and, and it's running like a well oiled machine. OO Joe, you know, we only, Mike only had us do two minutes at the end of practice. Yeah. We, yeah, we did two minutes at the end of practice too. When you dog tired That bingo because that's, He said, I know. He said, I know when it's fresh you gonna be thinking. He said, I want you tall, tired. I want you exhausted. That's when I want you to think. Yeah. Because that's gonna be the difference in the game. Can you think under pressure? Can you think under fire? You know, there's a movie I think Denzel was in Encouraged Under Fire. Yeah. The question is, can you think under fire, like you said you get tired. Lombardi said fatigue will make cowards of a song. Oh yeah.


Okay, now I'm tired. Can I still think I got hot? Okay, I'm protected. Okay, I got Chip, I got this. I got that. That's the thing, guys get tired. They just forget everything. No, bro. It's more to it than that. That too many. Hell boy, when you tired, boy. Oh hey listen, when you, when you on a 1112 play drive, that, that, that's a little extensive. Let's say eight or nine. Play drive, Man. Five or six. Man, you running route. So if you gotta realize running routes. Yeah. Ain't like you run a whole bunch. It ain't like you run a whole bunch. Even if you run the shallow cross, they throw you the ball, you gain 10, they throw you the ball again.


You gain eight and now you run a, now you run a clear route. Man, I'm blown man. That lactic acid done built up on that second, that second catch. Shh Boy. And then you gonna talk about a, we gonna start out, you know, we gonna start out in two minutes. Gonna go get 'em tired. I like, hell, we gonna be tired too. Somebody running, somebody running against them. You make it seem like they don't. I Remember, oh Joe, Wow. The Saints scored touchdowns on six straight possessions and to and on their way to a 44 19 blowout over the Cowboys. The Saints offense had scored 91 points in two games through three quarter. The Saints average nine point, almost a little less than 10 yards per play.


35 points allowed are the most as tied for the most given up through the first two quarters. They tied us. 'cause we put 35 on the ass in 98 at the half last year. The Cowboys allowed 35 points in just one game. Carl was hardly touched. Neither was oh man, who scored four touchdowns. Let's take a listen to what Dak had to say after the embarrassing loss. That's simply why you can't listen to, to other people's opinions and, and read with you guys. You guys, right. Respectfully, I mean, yeah. You know, y y'all may have put, put, put, put this team on a high more, more than we should have been. And now we, we just simply have gotta reset. We've gotta respond.


We're not going undefeated, you know, I mean, hadn't been done in 50 years. Woo. Surprise. So it's about getting back to it and, and, and finding a way to respond to put the best team on the field next week. Hey, I I tried to prepare you for this ocho Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I told you, I said Ocho I'm gonna let you go, but I wanna say this. Yeah. We, we talk about the Cowboys. We'll start with the defense. I said, look, I wasn't really that impressed with the Cowboys offense last week. I said they got a punt return and they got, you know, a, a couple of turnover to put 'em on short fields. Right. I say the defense looked really good, but I say I would really like to see them if they had their starting tackles in there. Mm. I said, because what happens if you, if, if, if you can hold up, I guess we got our answer.


I did not hear Michael Parson's name called. I did not hear D law name call. When you go in an ocho, do you know how hard it is? Do I want you to explain to the fans, because I'm gonna let you take it over and I'm gonna follow up after you. Hmm. Can you explain to the fans how difficult it is? Our listeners, our viewing and, and our and our listeners that's gonna listen to this on audio. Can you explain to them how difficult it is to score six touchdowns on six straight possessions in an NFL game? Wait, hold on. Forget an NFL game. Do you know how difficult it is to score six touchdowns on six possessions in Madden in a video, in a video game? If you're playing someone that's good. It's very difficult. So the fact that this is Derek Carr, this is the same Derek Carr that the Raiders let go, right?


Yeah. It, it's, that's the same Derek Carr, right? Look completely different today. Rasheed Shaheed is, is, is that how you say, say his name? Yeah. Rasheed Shahe. Chris Olave. And they got damn Alvin Cama. They look like a completely different Saints team today. I don't know. And I'm, I don't wanna butcher anybody's name. Whoever the right tackle and the left tackle are for new Orleans, Saints Deserve, deserve a pay raise. Oh, they did a number on them. Hey. there wasn't no, no, no stunt, no nothing. They barely got the goddamn Derrick car and was able to pressure him. Tyson Hill, Swiss Army knife. He coming out the backfield.


He had quarterback doing quarterback sneaks. I mean, everything worked today. Everything worked. If I'm not mistaken, the Saints didn't. Pun I could be wrong. Nine minutes in the third, fourth quarter, Nine minutes. Well, the third or fourth quarter, fourth, nine minutes into the fourth quarter. That's, I mean, it's, it is, I'm sure it's happened before, but come on, man. I don't, I didn't expect it to happen to the Cowboys again. One thing that the Cowboys always do, they have a game like this. Maybe not them allowing a team to score 35, but they've gone 12 and five the last what, three years in a row?


Yes. So this is, this is one game down. I I'm assuming knowing them and the way they bounce back after a loss, they gonna look completely different next week and everybody gonna be back happy. They couldn't stop. Look, Derek Carr was 11 of 16, 2 43, 2 touchdown a pick a sack. He had a 99 99 QBR Alvin Camaro has some of the best balance I've ever seen. Oh Yeah. I mean, You think you got it? You better Wrap up. You better wrap all the way up. He is phenomenal. Yeah. Playing Through contact 20 rushes 1 15, 3 touchdowns.


They had 4 39 carriers. A buck 90. I I I, I just don't know. I don't know what, I don't know what that was today because the Saints did whatever they wanted. Yeah. They got whatever they wanted and as much of it as they wanted. That's embarrassing. Yeah, that's embarrassing. Do y'all, I mean that's the, the Cowboys defense should be, look, Dak didn't play well and this is not all on Dak. And people like, well she, you think that's all Dak fault? No, but you are allowed to match what the opposing offense when Guess what? When the same story they like Dak when they kick it off, Dak is allowed to go score now. Yeah. And you know what? That's the type of game I thought it was gonna be at the beginning.


That's the type of game I thought it was going to be. I thought, you know what I say, man, boy, this, this is looking to be, it's gonna be a shootout. Yeah. The same score, the Cowboy score. Okay. The same score. Okay. The cowboy score. I was expecting, you know, both teams to put up 40, 42, 35. That's what I thought it was gonna look like. Turnover, interception. And then they ca they they were capitalizing on those turnovers. Oh, they, they putting, they ain't kicked no field goal. They scoring touchdowns. Touchdowns. Now, if my Bengals could have done that today. Yeah. Shit. But the Cowboys need another receiver.


All they got is cd. And you see when they started doubling cd, you see how difficult life got with that? Yeah. Yeah. But you know what I like, you know what I like about what the Cowboys do with CD lamb, right? They move him all around and three by one, they'll put him at the three and three by one. They'll put him at the two. Sometimes he be on the outside. Sometimes he'll be on the opposite side as as, as the X. So I like, even though they, they try to double him, they move him around so much. It makes it difficult. If you think about it though, Ocho, after he got that long touchdown run, he only caught one more pass. Yeah. Yeah. I, I hate, I hate, I hate when that happens. I, I hate When happens. But you, you think you about to have a bomb day. A day. Hey, I already got me a long tub.


I done got me about 90, I done got me a 90. It's the first, it's the first quarter. I'm like, yeah, yeah. I, I'm adding up in my head, Ocho Okay, that's a buck 50. That's at least 1 50, 180 2 tub. Yeah. At the least. And the fact that you just said that, I don't know if we getting get into the Kylie Murray game today. Remember what I said about Marvin Harrison Jr. Yesterday, last night's show. I said he is going to go off and just the, the way the NFL works just, I, I don't know how to explain it, but he went crazy in in the, in the first quarter. Yes. And I sent out a tweet. I sent out a tweet and said, I guarantee you, even though he's on fire like an NBA jam character, they gonna stop going to him.


And lo and behold, I think the stat line might've been the same at the end of the damn game. It was, he only had, I think he had got another target and that was it. They do it every time. I I will never be able to understand why it works like that or, or just they just run the offense. And I guess if a defense says, you know what, the rest of the game we taking Marvin Harrison Jr. Out the game, the, the offense a coordinator allows the team to do just that. I hate when they allow team to dictate where you go with the ball. I hate it. Forche got damn will some time. They got a It's embarrassing though. Ojo. You can't, you can't get beat like this, man.


Hold on. It's only week two. Is it really embarrassing to lose? Yes. Yes. Like this week two as opposed to o 10 games in 11 games in 12 games in Ocho to give Ocho you allowed a team to go six for six touchdowns. You said it's hard to do on Madden. Oh Yeah. It, it is hard to do in the video game. Well, they just did it on a game. Especially you playing a quality opponent. It, It's hard what you told me the cowboys were, I said That. Yeah. Nah, I said D had D boy had twin. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Dak d that's my boy. Now Y'all must have got separated at birth. Somehow y'all lost contact.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer star Kabir Baja Bila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey GB, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends at a children's Christmas play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kabeer's journey, but this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football, the search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church and then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got straightaway. I felt Like I was living in North Korea, but worse. If that's possible, Listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweet, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week of get all the latest news, previews, recaps, and analysis delivered straight to your podcast feed by the time you get your coffee. No dumb hot takes here. Just smart hot takes. We'll talk every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in the big guns from NFL Media. That's Patrick Clay Bonds, Steve Weiss, Nick Shook, Jordan R from the Athletic and of course Colleen Wolf. This is their window right now. This is their Super Bowl window. Why would they trade him away? Because he would be a pivotal part of them winning that Super Bowl. I Don't know why. Colleen, catch the podcast, the NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal every day. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. And who doesn't want that? Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing, and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I loved this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus, serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete or how the best in sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League one Volleyball's podcast, serving pancakes, a new show by iHeart Women's Sports. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about volleyball and beyond. Learn what it takes to be the best in the sport and what it takes to stand on the podium from top athletes and figureheads in sports. Every week I'll dig into the perspectives from some of the best athletes in the world, like with Olympic gold medalist, Justine Wong. I will say my journey has not been easy like whatsoever. I've, I've been cut from teams, I've made teams, I've been the starter. I've been a non-starter. And so for me to like say that I made the Olympics, like I immediately started crying And give insights and behind the scenes stories from the people who are making the biggest impacts on global volleyball and women's sports. From the likes of three time Olympic medalists, Jordan Larson. I'm finding little ways to like do things differently. And now it's more of how can I help the next generation? You'll also learn about their other dream jobs if they weren't playing on the biggest stage, like from Olympian Lauren Carlini. I'm thinking about starting a dog walking business, putting that out there for anyone's dogs. You need to be walked or watched or fed or played With. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, they, they gonna be all right. You know, you gonna have, you gonna, you know what? This is a good thing though. You know, it's really not. Sometime this can be a blessing in disguise to have a game like this early and get it out the way to have some teaching tape, to have some film for Mike Zimmer to go over with the defense. Listen, we can't have this that, to that receiver cd, lamb Z. Go back, look at the film. Okay, this is what we need to do. This is three yards of carry. That's what the cowboys average ocho three yards Of carry. What you gonna do with that? It's hard. Sometimes you had games like that. Some, sometimes you had games like that.


Now watch. Now watch how they look next. Look, watch how they look next week. And guess what I mean? They didn't run the ball particularly well last week. You make it extremely difficult when you become one dimensional in nfl. Can't run the ball. Yeah, You make it very, very difficult. And what, what, what could the saints do? Because the saints could run the ball when they went play action. What happened? Wide open. You see? I mean, think about it. They could run the ball so well and when car faked that ball in there and he pulled out, that's quarter's coverage that she, that rash, rash Shahe ran through. That's quarters. Yeah. Safety. Safety. Sitting low. Yes, that's quarters. But they got a hole because they worried about Ava Camaro shooting through there and then and shit.


And you know, hey, Shahe got speed. Oh, he, oh, he fast now. Oh man, you see he got up on them horses. He fast, fast and most the safety look at each other. I mean, what you want me to do? Because who I, who I'm gonna blame it on it. Quarters he rent 25, whatever you wanna call it. 88, whatever. Whatever covers, you wanna call it ocho, that's what it was. A quarter cover. Everybody got a quarter field safety. You got a quarter corner, you got a quarter safety a quarter and other. A left corner got a quarter and he ran through the quarters, the safety and boom, what? 70 yards, 80, whatever. How bar it was. Oh Joe, that's your home opener.


That's your home opener. 80 plus thousand. Because you know what they do? Every, every, every week, every week. The Cowboys, they show that view. The cowboy fans, they lined up to go in, They Stamp, they lined up to go in. Okay. Woo. And they open the door and they running Woo I The Cowboys. The Cowboys man to get beat like that Ocho, It's bad. Was it? I listen, I I told you I think they gonna be all right. I think they gonna be all right.


Hey get, get 'em losses out the way now. Get 'em out the way now. As opposed to, as opposed to later on in the season. And one of 'em losses cause you to go home. You supposed to be Dallas. I mean if you go back and look the last couple years, Dallas has been really poor against the rush. Yeah. And when you allow team to run the football, they're gonna play action off of it. And you're gonna have guys wide ass open. I mean the last time we saw 'em, the last time we saw them last year against the Packers, what the Packers did Ran 'em off the field. Right Down, right down. They throw no, no trickery right down. They throw Right down it O Ocho. The Ravens are Oing two as the Raiders go on the road and win 26 23.


This marks the Ravens fourth loss after leading by double digits in the fourth quarter since 2022. This ties the bears for the most in the NFL in that span. The Ravens can only blame themselves for this fourth quarter collapse. The only time Baltimore has started ING two and Coach John Harbaugh's previous 16 seasons was 2015 after failing to hold onto a 10 point lead against the Raiders. With 12 minutes remaining, Baltimore dug itself into a hole. The Raven's next three games are against the defending def division champs at Dallas, at home against Buffalo, at Cincinnati. Ooh. The Raiders had only 48 yards of offense at halftime Baltimore. But garment, you and Devonte Adams came to life in the second half.


Devonte finished with nine four buck 10 and a touchdown. Yeah. Ocho Jordan Best receiving the game right there, boy. Devonte Adams, Raiders. What you gotta, you, you gotta capitalize on that ocho. Yeah. Yeah, most definitely. Most there. Listen up 10 with 12 in the fourth, right? Yes. That's when they say it's a game of inches. This is what they talk about. Not only is the game of inches, there are one, two, maybe three plays out of what the 65 or maybe 70 year run, one, two, maybe three plays that make the difference in the game.


Yeah. I guarantee you, if we had to, if we were to had the time to break down this film in somewhat of a PowerPoint presentation style to the chat, we can show you the one or two or three plays that made the difference in this game on why they were able to, to come back and win game. I mean they ran but they ran the ball Well, Derrick Henry eight 18 for 84, Lamar five for 45 Hill four for 42. So 24 27 rushes 1 51 Za Flowers, seven for 91. Mark Andrews four for 51 Bateman had three for 40, likely two for 26. Lamar was 21 of 34, 2 4 7 1 touchdown, one INT missed a couple of throws.


He'd like to have back two sack 15 yards. Yeah. But with Lamar Jackson, MVP as my quarterback and Derrick Henry is my running back. I should be able to hold a 10 point lead with 12 minutes to go into fourth. Oh yeah. A absolute. Absolutely. Absolutely. I got, First of all, I got to be, I've got to be able to hold that ocho. I've gotta, You know what, it also comes down to the play calling as well. No, Ocho, we not gonna do that. Oh no. Okay, okay, okay. You see? There you go. See what you did. So lemme ask you a question. When they win the game, you don't say nothing about play calling. You say that's what players do, they make plays. Right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right. I understand what you're saying. I'm just saying, you know, when It comes, well, okay, what would you like, okay, lemme tell you.


I'm gonna take your, your argument. Yeah. What would you have liked to see them do more or less, More or less of in in, in that instance? What Would you have liked to see them do more of? And then what would you have liked to see them do less of? I think, I think they should run the ball a little bit more. Run the ball a little bit more. It is rare that you see them. Normally they have more pass, especially because they got to leave to have bingo. More passing attempts than rushing attempts. Bingo. But John Harbaugh said, Listen, you brought Derrick Henry in for a reason, But he said, he said they did not bring Derrick Henry there to give him 30 touches a game. That's a goddamn lie.


And the reason that you did Bring, Derrick just said what he, what he said, Okay. He said that And you lost the day up 10 and and and up 10 with 12 minutes to go on the fourth is the fact that's when you're supposed to use your Derrick Henry to its advantage. Yes. And you don't do it. Yes. You try To do something that's really not the way your offense is built. No, you not built to throw the ball goddamn 50 times the game. That's not the type of offense Baltimore is. No, I'm surprised they got that many throws. Can Lamar throw the ball you got, right? Yes. But this the drop back first down, second down, third down. No, no it's not, it's not the raven.


I'm surprised. Don't you considering when you go back and look at it, what's the, no, hold on. Look for something right quick. What it is, considering the time of possession wasn't that they ended up losing the TTOP by about over a minute. But when you look at it that you had a 10 point that you had a 10 point lead in the fourth. Right. And to have more path attempts. The rush attempts, that's not normally the Ravens recipe for success.


It's normally the other way around. Yep. More rush. You can see them having 35, 40 rush attempts and then they'll have 20 to 25 pass attempts. But they threw the ball a lot today. Which is surprising. Maybe they saw something, you know, you know, maybe they saw like, hey, their co their corners of their safety, we feel that we could hold up against Max Crosby gonna wreck some stuff Every time. Every time. And I, I mean I don't, The the Raiders still play man to man, man to man safety. Middle of the field. Cover three, cover four. We, we, this is what we running, we not changing, we not bluffing, we not doing nothing exotic defensively line up and play.


That's the only, that's the only reason I can think of them just throwing the ball so much and going away from the run. 'cause it is a safety down in the box. I mean, I like Lamar only had five rushes. I, I'm, I'm okay with that. But those, those, 'cause last week I think he had like 10, 11, 12 rushes last week. Maybe had like 14, 15. Yeah. Give Derrick Henry another six or seven carriers. So you didn't bring him there for, you didn't bring him there for 30. Give him 22 to 25. I can live with that. I can live with that. I can live with that.


But look, like I said, look, Pittsburgh is, is the number one in the division at 2.0. Baltimore's on Cleveland. Cleveland. One, one Cincinnati is oh two. That's crazy. And you guys play Cincinnati in the next, I think in the next three weeks ocho. So it's gonna be, it's gonna be very, very interesting. But like I said, I mean at the end of the day you are what you are you are you a physical, physical team, right? Defense is was good, good corners. I mean garment was 30 or 38. Damn. Yeah, he were cooking there. Ooh, he were cooking. Hey Man, that tight in Brock Bowers.


Oh, he the real deal. Oh man. He legit. In fact, I'm gonna take my hat off of Brock Bowers. Boy, you the real deal boy. Yes, yes, yes, yes. He nice. He re he for real, for real. Ocho Yeah. Nine catches. Nine targets. Hold on. He gonna get open every time. Yeah. He ain't no, he ain't no lops. He gonna be nice. Well I I, I saw him his freshman year at Georgia. I said this kid, this kid could come, this kid could come out now. You could tell, huh? Yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah. Some, some, some players. Yeah. Just he could move. Yeah. Yeah. He could move. He could drop his hips.


He got wiggled. Yes, absolutely. He could play. He go he gonna be hell. Oh yeah. He Gonna be hell now. But look like you said the Ravens are ing two ing one at home. They lose to the Raiders. The Ravens are ing two, the Raiders are one in one. Come back, get a hard fought victory on the road. Make that long ass plane ride. Very pleasant coming back home. 26 23 Raiders win over the Raven Ravens fall to oh and two. Apparently it's Kyle Murray's job to get Marvin Harrison Jr. The football. Hey, the Carter's rookie wide receiver followed a one catch performance in his NFL debut with 130 and two touchdown in the first quarter.


Kyle completed 17 to 21 passes, 266 yards and three touchdowns. Kyler also rushed for 59 yards, has touched on the deep throws to Harrison was unbelievable. And Harrison did a great job that first, that first touchdown wasn't an easy catch ocho. Oh no, that was not an easy catch. But did you see the difference between what he did and what likely had against Kansas City? Yeah. You see what, what did Harrison Junior do? Go limp. You see how, you see how his body just went Limp Ocho? Yeah. It ain't trying to stand to go limp. Yeah. Boom.


That boy that a this class, he and, and neighbors. Yeah. I don't know if we gotta talk about neighbors tonight, but Marvin Harrison Jr. For real neighbors are for real too. But what, what did you like, because you said this ocho, you said, hey, I bet they get him involved tomorrow. Yeah, I I mean I just, I just knew it after having a showing the number, number what, what number picked was Marvin Harrison Jr. Like five four. Four four. The come out on your debut and have one catch. That's embarrassing, man. Yeah. Nothing. I'm saying as an organization in general, not featuring the best receiver, arguably the best receiver in the draft.


What, what, what are we doing? Are we even serious about winning, competing, not highlighting our new shiny toy. So I understood and knew what they were gonna do the following week. Oh they, they finna feature him or they finna get, they finna get him going. Yeah. Get him some targets, get him some touches. He The Draft, they did that, they did that in the first quarter. And I said you know what, I sent a tweet out the chat, the chat of the test after that first quarter. I said I guarantee you his stat line look exactly the same in the, in the first quarter as it does in the fourth. 'cause they gonna stop feeding him. They do it every time. Yep. 'cause the def the defense just, okay, y'all find 18 soon as you break the huddle.


But it's hard. Ocho, We calling our playing our formation whatever 18 lineup we doubling But Ocho they ran the ball 40 times for 2 31. Hey, why I gotta throw it right. If I can just put the ball in the guy belly, he get to y'all. Right. And I ain't gotta worry about no tip passes. I ain't gotta worry about, you know guy slipping down to get pink. I just turn around and handed to Connor and he getting 5, 7, 8 yards. I'm like bro, k Murray had J James Connor had 21 carries 1 22 a touchdown. Kie was five for 59. De de Mecado two for 46.


I mean if y'all, if I tell you what, this is what I used to tell the defense all the time. If y'all stop td, we'll throw it. But if you don't stop td, we not gonna throw it. It Yeah. At least give yourself a chance. You let this man get himself eight, 10 yards of carry. You think Mike gonna call a damn pass? I bet Hey there y'all, y'all can't stop td we'll throw it. I promise you if you stop TD twice we gonna throw it Ain't going right in there. I mean Kyle did 17 or 21. I mean he was, oh man, some of the plays that he made, that one he escaped and threw that strike to the touchdown. That touchdown in The back of end zone. What?


That was nice. That was nice. And then he found Margaret Harrison Jr. On an escape rolling to his left. Got it up over the top. Boom. I mean he played for and that's the thing with Kyle, you, because you see it, you see the guy like, Yeah, He could do it and then sometimes you like Kyle, what are you doing? Boy, Hey I, I like, I like Kyle especially, especially when he run the ball, he look, he look like a little bad little kid. Like a bad little kid running away from you. Yeah. And and he, he take like 700, 700 steps in 20 yards. I mean it like he be bucket it. Yeah He be he be out of there now.


Yeah, like Colin, I mean a phenomenal, I mean think about it. The guy was the number one overall pick in football. He was the number eighth pick in the N in the MLB draft. Do you know they say the hardest sport. I've talked to guys that played both. Right Bo, Brian, Jordan, time play, both John John got drafted in the second round by the Yankees say the hardest of the two sports is baseball. Yeah. Well I, This guy win number one overall in football and number eight in the MLB draft. Do you know how immensely talented you have to be to be able to do that? And he won three state, three straight state titles in the state of Texas in the biggest division.


And he didn't lose a game. I think he lost either one game or he lost no games. Do you understand in the state of Texas in the biggest division. Yeah. Real deal. Texas football is different bro. They, they man you see they building 50, 40 and $50 million stadium in high school. High school. Where that World they got, they got weight facilities that rival colleges Where all that money coming from out there. Man, Hell, if you and I know Jack where all that money coming from man, for the high schools in, in Texas. Hey coming from somewhere. Oh Yeah.


More I guess. Hey that's like hey I'll take my, nah ain't no baseball talking about take time to get adjusted bro. They pay you four, they pay you $400 million to hit two 50. What other sport that you can fail? Seven, seven times out of 10 and make a half a bill. What sport tell for the sport Boy. But the Cardinals bounce back and they laid a smack down on the Rams 41 to 10. It was over in the first half. The score was 24 to three then all of a sudden it was like 41 to 3 41 to 10.


The Rams, where did they go from here? O Joe, Matthew, Stafford 19 or 27. Two 16 sacked five times. Yeah they could not run the football. Blake Quorum eight for 28. Kyron Williams 12 for 25. And if I'm not mistaken Cooper Cup got injured. So now pka, naco and pr. Damn shoot where did they go? I shoot, I I I man listen it's only week two. It's definitely too early to to hit the panic button. But you would expect the Rams being who they are to beat the, beat the Cardinals. But it's a new year. Yeah, It's new year.


It's a new year. The Cardinals aren't who they were last year and they prove they point today on why, But the Rams got an issue and defensively because remember last week the lions ran it down the effing throats. Yeah. And guess what? The Cardinals came back and said we gonna do you one better. Yeah we gonna do the same. Yeah. I mean that's back to back weeks. Well they ain't got they, they ain't got that boy in the middle now they Ain't well he ain't coming back. He ain't coming Back. He might, you never know. Nah he ain't coming back. He like, He like nah he say he don't have the desire because when you that you're competing against yourself.


Yeah. Your younger self. Right. They're not comparing Aaron Donald to any current player Aaron, Donald got compared to his younger self. Tom Brady got compared to him young, his younger self Peyton greats get compared to the younger selves. Right. They don't get compared to the players of oh oh Tom Brady's playing like this guy. No, Tom measuring stick was a younger Tom Aaron Donald measuring stick is a, a younger Aaron Donald. Right. And he said the fire to get up and jump out of bed and go train and be that guy that I need to be and that everybody's seen me to be for a decade, I ain't got it.


Yeah. Shit. It happens. And, and and to not, to steal and not to take money. I mean think about it Ocho because he coulda came back but he is like nah, I got a standard. Right. Three defensive players a year. Defensive rookie of the year, eight times first team all pro. Only LT can rival that. That's, I mean when you talk, when you talk about defense only he and Lt, I mean the three defensive players of the year. Right. The defensive rookie of the year, the eight first team all pro in a decade. The only difference LT got a got a league, MVPI don't think we'll ever see that again. I don't wanna say never hate saying never and always Defensive, But the likelihood of a defensive player winning MVP not not defensive player of the year.


Ocho, he was the MVP of the entire league. Yeah. That's crazy. I that that would be a diff a difficult feat for anybody defensively to get What he gonna have 30 sacks, he gonna have 20 picks. Something, something like that. Well, I mean, well I mean anything possible a kicker would in 19, in a strike short, shortened season in 1982. What you looking for? I'm looking at the chat. Oh. But yeah, the Rams, the Rams, the things getting, you know, you lose er who didn't play? Cooper got Nick, so it's gonna be very interesting.


You gonna have to run the football you got, but at the end of the day, Ocho, you gotta stop. You gotta, you gotta be able to stop the run. If you can't stop the run. It's hard to win into the NFL if you can't stop the run. As long as you have to stop the run, you gotta be able to run as well because play action and being able to run the ball opens up the passing game. Yeah. I I I hope Pu is coming back next week. I'm not sure what the extent Nah, pu on I Wait. Oh, he not Wait, he got, I thought it was just a hamstring. No Puka. Yeah. Nah, he got an ankle, he got a knee or something. Nah, he don't, I Yeah, he on I he ain't coming back next week. Well, Hey, what was the extent of Cooper Cup's injury? They, they didn't, they didn't give an update but he left.


Yeah. Damn man. So the Rams fall to oh and two and the Cardinals are one in one. The Volume


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Villa for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've Got recaps, Retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite for some former NFL players. A new Faith provides answers. You Mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got straightaway He tried to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then There's me, Devon Rogers And. We are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up y'all? It's Cam Jordan from the new Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast Off the Edge with me. Cam Jordan catch new episodes every Wednesday and I'll have the biggest NFL stars join me to give a player's perspective of the biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moment from around the league. So tap in to Off the Edge with Cam Jordan podcast, your ultimate playbook for all things football and not football. Listen on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.