
This is Jeff T from The Club five 20 podcast. This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you Chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay score all your once in a Blue moons and check off your wishlist for heart of fines. So when those fresh sneakers deserve a hoodie, just as real, go for authentic street wear. The experts verify accessories to match like timeless watches, vintage designer bags, and more jewelry than you could wear at once. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love vintages and wear fashion eBay things people love.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with a whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match live exclusively on Paramount Plus. Head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available feature Bose's a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


This Is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko Superchargers headlights and more. With over 122 million parts. eBay motors has everything you need to maintain your vehicle and level it up to peak performance. And with eBay guaranteed fit. your part is guaranteed to fit your ride every time or your money back. Stay on your A game with all the parts you need at the prices you want. It's easy to bring home, huge wins. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it. To be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more, check out bows.com. The Volume, TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six. Whatever you call a touchdown one thinks for sure touchdowns matter more. At Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown. Go to drafting sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new drafting. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five books and get one month free of NFL plus Premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Good evening ladies and gentlemen. And thank you for joining us again for another episode of Nightcap. We saw a blowout And. we saw a major upset And. we saw the coming out of one Jaden Daniels. Thank you for joining us for Nightcap. I am your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe. He is crying right now. He's your favorite. Number 85, the route runner extraordinaire. Liberty City's own the pro bowler, the all pro Cincinnati Bengal Ring of Fame honoree, the legendary Bengal Chad Ochocinco Johnson and his Bengals got it handed to him tonight. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And guys do us another favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from.


And remember every subscriber matters. We thank you for mattering the most. Make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We do have it in stock. And. if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, you can order it and we'll ship it right, right, right to your door. Please make sure you go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. I'm wearing an 84 T. You can't hardly see it 'cause it's kind of black on gray. But anyway, I do have it on 84 being spelled out. UNC and ocho ts are back in stock. I wanna repeat the UNC and OCHO ts are back in stock if you ordered merch. It's shipping out this week.


If you ordered merch in the last three weeks is being shipped this week. Ocho, I hear you got a new cigar that's being launched. You want to tell us about it? Listen, we have the OCHO, RING, OF, HONOR CIGARS coming out. You guys know how much I love cigars? And now this is, this is one for not only my advanced smokers, but my rookies as well. It's an a cigar that you're going to love. You are gonna experience And. we we have a link for that up there, or no? Is it up? Yes. It's pinned at the top. Oh, it's it is pinned at the top. So those you that, that, that enjoy cigars, please.


Ring, ring of Honor. Cigar is now available. My beginners and my advanced smokers is something that both of you, both of you can enjoy. And matter of fact, you pair it with the le Again, that's the OCHO Cigar of Honor, a limited edition tribute to Chad Johnson's legendary NFL career. This is an extremely, extremely limited release. So reserve your box now. Only 850 boxes will be made available. Reservations are required and the link is pinned at the top of the chat. Again, Ocho Cigar of Honor, a limited edition tribute to O Cho's career. And it's an extremely limited release.


Yeah. So reserve your box now. Only 850 boxes will be made available. So make sure you go check out OCHO Cigar of Honor. He has a a site. We've pinned the link to the cigar honor. It's at the top of the chat. So go support OCHO like you have us so thus far at, at Nightcap ocho. Yeah. I tweeted tonight. Jayden Daniels is Matthew, mark, Luke, and John. He's the gospel. He's him H period. I period. Him. He's him. Yeah, he is. He is. And he Was 21 of 23.


254 yards, two touchdowns, zero turnovers. 91% completion percentage. He goes on the road in a hostile environment against the Bal. And they, we know the bingo, the crowd is gonna be rockers. They're ING two, they don't want to go down. Oh and three. It's very, very hard to make the playoffs going down Oh to three because guess what, in order for you to get back to 500, you gotta win your next three games. That gets you back at 500. Yeah. You have a slip up. You could easily be one in five or two in four. Fact not, not to make matters worse, huh? As ask. I'm not even gonna say it as ask who we play next.


Watch this as As who? The bang of play next. Don't y'all got, don't y'all got Baltimore? No B. Who they got next? Oh, y'all got the Panthers. That's a win for the Panthers. I got the Panthers. That's, that's easy. That's easy, dude. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa. Don't who you, who You got Panthers circle. Y'all on the schedule. Listen, I'm going, I'm going, I'm going to that game. Not the back. Back to this game. Listen, Jayden Daniels was phenomenal. Jayden, Jayden Daniels at the quarterback position played phenomenal tonight. This is the franchise, the commander franchise. They got them won.


They got them a 10, 12 year, they got them a 10, 12 year franchise quarterback And. we got a small sample size of it at LSU. I didn't expect them to come in this early. As a rookie. And this is the question I'm gonna ask you as a rookie, and look this good this early. And my question to you Ky, is what you might have a better, better way of answering why is that some rookies can come in their rookie year and look the par to look like they've been before. The CJ Riles. The Jayden, the Jayden Daniels. And then you have other rookies that don't look the par, they struggle, they don't do well. That's, that's with any position.


Some wide receivers come in and you get a Randy Moss or you get a Pook in KU or you get a Justin Jefferson. And then sometimes guys, it takes a little longer. Everybody doesn't mature. Some people reach maturity at 18. Some people it takes 'em 21. Some people it takes 'em 25. Some people never damn mature. But you do. It all depends on, look, the one thing we know about Cliff Kingsbury. Yeah. He can coach some quarterbacks. Yeah. Yeah. He and Lincoln Riley can coach quarterbacks. Now we can, you can say what you wanna say about them as head coaches. Right. But when it comes to running an offense, when it comes to putting a quarterback and taking what he does really well and accentuating that and putting him in the most positive position so you he can have success.


Right. It's hard to say somebody is better than those two. Now, Sarkisian might have something to say about that. Say about that. Yeah. Because we know what he's done with quarterbacks in his tenure as an OC and a head coach. Right. But that's the one thing Cliff Kingsbury Lincoln Riley can do. They can coach the quarterback position and he has a quarterback process his information very well. Right. He sees the feel very well. He had Terry McCluen earlier on a seven route and he threw it out of bounds. Bounds. Yeah. Hundred percent of the balls that land out bounds, they're incomplete. But you say what he did on that next one. Yeah. He put it up under the rest. Yeah. Gave McCluen an opportunity, keep him in bounds In the bread basket. And, and and, and, and, and, and McCluen did a great job of holding onto it.


Oh, this this young man. I mean, the moment is not too big. No. You saw what he did at LSU last year. He won the Heisman Trophy. He was sensational dual threat quarterback. But the thing that I love most about him, he's not relying on his legs. No. He'll only run if it's absolutely necessary. Exactly. Gotta if, you know, he gotta Absolutely necessary. And you know, he, he's, he doesn't have the most, you know, size on him. He is not 230 pounds. So he understands that I have to pick and choose my spots. Yeah. And in order for me to run, and when I do run, I gotta make sure I protect myself because they made it easy. I can slide like I'm going, stealing a base. But he was 21 of 23, 2 54, 2 touchdowns.


They ran the ball for 106 yards old Joe. Joey B didn't play bad. He was 29 of 38, 3 24, 3 touchdowns. They ran the ball for 124 yards. But those first couple of possessions when they fell behind. Yeah. And you know what else? Not only those first couple of possessions, those two, four down conversions that the commanders were able to, they were able to, to convert, able to convert. Like that. That hurt. Like I, I thought honestly, to me, I'm thinking listen, Bengals, we have a history of always starting out, starting out out the gate, you know, very slow. Especially offensively start. Oh and two, oh and three. I don't, I don't think that's happened that, that that has happened or we've been to this point in a very, very long time.


But the offense looked good, looked good tonight as opposed to what it did last week. In the week, in the week prior. We had it, we had all hands on deck offensively, but we couldn't, we couldn't pull it out. I'm hoping that when we go to Carolina next week, which is a game that I'm, I'm, I'm going to attend. I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna go out there to Carolina, attend the game, hoping that we could bounce back and, and, and see what happens. Per ESPN, the Commander's Bengals game is the first game since 1940 to go without a single punt or a single turnover in the ball game. Damn. Almost 1940.


So you're talking about they 85 y they to 85 years Ocho a game in which there was not a single punt from either team and either, neither team turned the football over, so it was some good clean football. Nobody brought their defenses. Everybody packed an extra offense. Right, right. Because they were going up and down the field that lets you know, there was no defense being played. Ocho, when you can go think about it, okay, I've been on teams that we didn't punt the football. Right. But the other team punted or the other team turned. When you go an entire game and neither team punts, neither team turns it over. Right. That's an, that's why the stat 1940 ain't a whole lot of people were around to see that.


I don't even know. There were only probably about five or 16 playing then maybe Washington, Pittsburgh, the Packers. Right. Some the Bears. There weren't a whole lot of teams playing way back there though, Joe. Yeah. Like I said, the Packers and the Bears, we know they were playing Washington, Chicago, they were playing maybe the Giants, right? Maybe. But there weren't a whole lot of teams. Man. This, this, this one hurt man. Oh, matter fact, It Was, they didn't go by the names that they go by now. They were the Brooklyn Dodgers, the Chicago Bears, the Chicago Cardinals, the Cleveland Rams, green Bay Packers, the New York Giants, the Pirates, which later became the Steelers. And they also have a Pittsburgh Pirates and the Washington.


They were known as the, the derogatory term. They're the commanders now. Right. But we know what that term was. So there was 2, 4, 6, there were eighteens back then. And that was, that was an unbelievable stat. Earlier this week, cam Taylor Britt had some interesting things to say about Jalen Daniels. Let's take a listen to the sound, don't you? Oh, what do said Yeah, pose. They don't make them do a lot, sir. They keep it really simple for em. Nice college offense of the Kingsbury oc. So they little more guys around here and there. But you know, just keep it real simple for, I heard percentage of air high, but he's only throwing short throughout, you know, some intermediate stuff we throw We can I ask you a question?


Don't Yo. Yes sir. Why y'all talk so much and y'all ain't one? Nothing. Who was y'all? I mean, that was the end of the The Bengals. The Bengals, the Bengals. Y'all talk every year. Y'all beat, y'all built to beat Kansas City. Y'all built to beat this. We this, we that. When are y'all gonna win a Super Bowl? When are y'all gonna do something that give you the credence and the credibility to talk and him? He's talking like he Reba. That's three weeks in a row. I've heard him mention, they mention he had an unbelievable inter one-handed interception against Kansas City. Yeah, he's nice. Yeah. Listen, listen. Camp, camp Taylor Brittany is a very, very good db. He's a very good db. He doesn't have to be Reba's, but he's a different type of db. But what he is, he he is, he's a good, he's a good cover man.


He's a good cover man, man and man, good own whatever it is that they want do. But I think from an individual standpoint, him talking, that might be his, his way of playing the game. Listen, when I played, I talked, I talked every week, huh? Yeah. But it's one thing I did, it's one thing I did when I did talk, guess who backed it up? And I asked y'all too. I said, where y'all, why y'all talking so much when y'all ain't one issue? Hey, listen, this, that, that's the way I approached the game. Whether we win it or not, we could, Hey, listen, we could be on 12. I'm gonna be talking. We, we get to talk, we get to talk. Don't, Joe, we could talk. We want another war. We gonna get into that a little bit later. Wait, We won what? We won another award, man. What you mean, tell me man. It sold my, it sold the thing. We, I mean all you had to do was just, just look and see.


Let's go. We Won another let's, but look, of course. So you expect him to come in as a rookie. His thir his first, second and third game, right? Third, to run an offense. As complicated as Patrick Mahomes, as complicated as Josh Allen, as complicated as a guy that's been playing in the National Football League for an extremely long ex extended period of time. Of course I have a question. Yes. Do you know what happens when you have a player of his caliber that's doing what he's doing so early? We're talking about Jayden Daniels in, in, in general. Yeah. You have a player of his caliber doing what he's doing so early. You watch what he did in college. Why not take what he did in college extremely well.


Which is the reason why he won the Heisen trophy and implicate That. Incorporate that To what? Incorporate that to what he does at the NFL level. Yeah. And bingo, you get the same thing, the same high level of play, the same level of high level of being able to process information, being able to deliver the ball, make make your decisions, do your reads. And if it's not there, pull it down and run with it. Which is what you saw tonight. Maybe it, maybe, maybe simplifying the offense makes it that much easier. Maybe. Well, y'all didn't stop. Less is More. All I know is y'all let a rookie with that simple offense that's very collegiate. All I know is he completed 91% of his passes.


Okay? He had two touchdowns, no turnover. And y'all didn't force a punch. So for that offense to be so simplistic, it ain't y'all ass up. I mean, he was cooking now he gonna be, guess what he about to be, he about to be player of the week. He about to be NFC player of the week over Sam Donna because he, look, look what he did on the road in a hostile environment. That's what he did on y'all. He Gonna get the game ball. A DQ gave the game ball after the game. So while you over there talking, Brent, with your head down, you got your tower, you in your locker talk mumbling. You, you know, Hey, hey, we just gotta make Oh no, no, no, no, no, no. Hold your head up. Hey, don't, don't, don't.


Hey, don't talk. Don't You don't Don't talking about my team, don't talk about my team like that, man. No, don't talk about him y'all About about Team like that. Y'all only three. I keep telling you, last year has no bearing on this year. You keep saying, y'all know, we start slow And, we start slow. Okay, keep on starting slow. Guess what y'all in three now. Yeah. You got your work cut out for you. Hey, yeah, we got, we work cut out. We got more than that work. Cut out. Listen, if we're serious, if we're serious about the end goal in trying to get to New Orleans, listen to, we got more than that work cut out for us, but we got regroup. We gotta look at each other in the mirror and figure out what is, what is, what do we really wanna do? What is that we're trying to accomplish? Because if we, if we come out the gate and go on four And, we might as well talk with season up.


I'm trying to figure out why you looking in the mirror now. So a, after the first game that you in New England ain't won a game since beat the brakes off you. That that wasn't, that wasn't, that wasn't a check for you. Okay. I get it. Kansas City going on the road to Kansas City, right? Ain't no harm in losing to Kansas City. But you told y'all built, y'all built a beat. You almost won that game now. Almost won that. You ever, you ever been a, you ever been to my diner? Who, you know what? My diner, what's that? All I sell is wins and losses, doves. And a's that's all I serve, that's all's on the menu. You can't order anything else. You either get a, when you come, when you come to club Sheha Diner, you get dubs or you get L's.


One, one thing about the NFL, it's a game of inches. And that game against the Chiefs, They ain't got no inches. Listen, We, we, we, we would've won that game if it wasn't for what at the end of the game. He ran up, ran up, ran right up the up the ran back. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I'm just saying, you know, but you, you right. But listen, we can't, we can't, unc we go on if I'm, I'm telling, I'm telling you now, if we go on, I'm go slap off and I'm gonna start snapping. I don't wanna know. I, I don't wanna talk about this. I wanna talk about y'all being O three. So what's going on Ocho? I don't, I don't know. I don't know what's going on. Obviously today, defensively we didn't show up.


We didn't show up defensively. We have two of our d tackles that, that are hurt right now. And that's it. From an offensive standpoint, we look good offensive. We good? I think we, we could have, we could've done more, but I mean, God, Y'all, you know, y'all defense would kick it with y'all. Offense was selling for field goals too. Y'all weren't matching touchdown for touchdown. Yeah, we wouldn't match. No team in the NFL has ever started ing three and made it to the Super Bowl since 1990, since the new format was instituted. Right. Only four teams have made the playoffs after starting oh and three. But there's, there's a possibility that we might be the 15 to make it after starting. Oh and three.


What? You Think there's a possibility, there's a possibility I could win the lottery. I ain't going to buy a $200 million house to prove it. There's a possibility I can win it. You going to buy a house that costs 40 million with the possibility you might win the lottery to pay for it? Absolutely not. Okay. I was just checking. All I need to know is what's going on with y'all Offense Ocho There Was The, the offense didn't look that bad. Joe Burrow had a good game today. You know that Calories. Did y'all ever have the lead in the game? No. Okay. At one point y'all was down by like 4 13, 14, right? Yeah, And, we was able, we were, we was able to come back. We was able to Come back. Come back and do what? Well, we win What y'all got?


What's the closest y'all got in this ball game? What was it? 13, 10? No, 10. 10 10. I think it was All I, Hey look, all I know is the only time that closeness matters if you slow dancing or you throwing grenades or pitching horseshoes. Now which one were y'all doing tonight? That closeness had to matter. Hey, I mean, I ain't slow dancing since I was in eighth grade. I remember eighth grade we had a dance ocho I was, the chaperones kept busting my hustle. Right. You know, I tried to get it in Don't cho you know I get Right. I try, you know. Huh? They say you back it up, back it up Outta Here. Damn. That old she cook.


I'm trying to cook Coach Cho. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Hey, you know, you know what's funny? Normally I'm not at a loss of words normally. I always have a reason, a a reason for why things are the way they are. But you know, it's almost unheard of for a team, especially like the Bengals with the type of talent that they have on both sides of the ball with a quarterback like we do have at the him to be oh and three, like there's really no explanation for it. I can't explain it. I would love to see the all 22 film, but like, god damn, just watch this watching from afar actually being at the game tonight. It is, it's hard for me to explain what the problem is. Yeah. You know I'm saying y'all were We, we we didn't play well on defense though.


I know, I know that. I know we had to sell. Well, I mean, consider y'all didn't force a punt. Hell no. You didn't play well on defense. You gave up 38 points to a rookie quarterback in just this third start. And, but y'all was close like me the eighth grade. You know, I'm trying to have my hands down the, around the waist. Right. And every once in a while I drop 'em a little lower. They talking about put your hands on the shoulder. What? Slow dancing. Right, right. Who put Their hands over their sl shoulders? They talking about slow dancing. I ain't over into Halloween. I ain't Frankenstein and I'm trying to, you know, try to get, you know, I'm trying to get close. You know what I'm saying? Don't try to get Right. Right, right. They busted my hustle though. That like Washington bust Y'all hustle tonight. It's it is fine. I listen. We gonna be all right. We gonna, we gonna be all right.


And I, I listen, I'm trying not to get emotional and I promise myself I wouldn't cry. I I don't, I don't need to be crying. Cry. Listen, I'm crying too much on this damn show in a minute. No crying. Then you Cry crying too damn much. But I think we, we, we, we gonna be all right. I'm trying to, I'm trying to remain optimistic. I'm not trying to throw the towel in. I think even at oh three, we might be sitting here 10 weeks from now. Hell, they might be 10 and three. Hey, I got a towel where you can throw in if you ain't got one handed. You wanna throw this? Hey, listen, we, we got, we got, we got what it takes though. I gotta take to do what? So what you mean to turn the season around? It's still early.


It's only, it's week three. It's week three. We still got 13 weeks to go. Okay. Gloria, Stefan, turn the beat around. I'm waiting. Hey, it's, it's po It's possible. I'm telling you, if, if there's anybody that can do it, Joe Bur can do it. Man. We put man on the move. Hell, anything possible. Yeah. They got people living right now with, with Pig's Heart. Yeah. So yeah. Anything possible. Hey, It ain't likely though. We got Chase, chase Brown. Hey, all I do, the Broncos one went on the road and did a number on Tampa Bay. Who? The Broncos got more bies than the Bengals.


Man. Y'all won one game by Luck, man. Come on Man. How many games have you won last? I checked one is more than none now. I ain't no mathematician. Okay. I ain't pythagoreous. But what, what you, what you don't wanna do is you don't wanna put your foot in your mouth talking about your Broncos winning the game when they We won. How? Put my foot in my mouth. I I I'm just stating the obvious. We went on the road and beat Tampa. Y'all, y'all at home? Who y'all got next week? Whatever it is. The only way y'all can catch us with a re one loss record is y'all gotta win. We already got a dub. I guarantee you the bank was finish this season with a better record. And actually we'll be in the playoffs, unlike your Broncos.


Now let's, let's bet that, Oh, the Broncos got the Jets Bronco. We got the Jets. Oh, gang lost. Yeah, you might as well chalk that up. 'cause the way Aaron Rogers looking right now, he gonna pass you outta home in there Where they play, man, in New York. It Don't matter where they playing. It don't matter. It don't matter where they play. That definitely don't matter. Don't do that. Well, clearly it don't matter where y'all play. 'cause y'all lose wherever y'all losing Massachusetts. Y'all go to Kansas, Missouri. Y'all lose in, in Ohio. So clearly it don't matter where y'all play either. Okay. Keep the same energy when we, I'm telling you, keep the same energy when we get to the middle of the season. Oh, it be over you. And I'll be, well a, we'd probably be reminiscing and talking about a, talking about next season.


Nah, nah, not, not. Hey, I just saw somebody in the chat talking about the Bangals to tank to get Travis Hunter. Hey man. A they, hey they tank if they want to. Paul Brown ain't paying nobody. He gonna stop and cutting. He going Turn the direct deposit off on everybody. Check


How to have fun anytime, anywhere. Step one, go to chumba casino.com. Chumba casino.com. Got it. Step two, collect your welcome bonus. Come to Papa welcome bonus. Step three, play hundreds of casino style games for free. That's a lot of games all for free. Step four, unleash your Excitement. Woohoo. Cmba Cheba Casino has been delivering thrills for over a decade. So claim your free welcome bonus now and live the chumba life. Visit cmba casino.com btw group. No purchase necessary for prohibited by loss terms and conditions. 18 plus,


Have you spent a regrettable amount of time scrolling through shows and praying for something new or hearing about a show, but having no idea where to find it. We all have head over to the Hollywood Reporter and check out THR charts to find a menu of all the streamers biggest shows, what's trending reviews, and where to watch these great shows and films. The Hollywood Reporter is the source for Insider Entertainment news. Visit thr.com today and follow us at Hollywood Reporter on all your social platforms.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo,


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney plus and EPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


Attention Parents, grandparents, aunts and uncles. Got a kid who's not into biking or spends too much time on screens. Then you've gotta check out guardian bikes featured on Shark Tank and awarded the top Kids bike in 2024 by the New York Times wire. Guardian bikes is changing the game. What makes guardian bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to thoughtful engineering, lightweight frames and kid friendly components. Kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in A USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families and get a guardian bike today. Visit guardian bikes.com to save up to 25% off bikes, no code needed. Plus, receive a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for the newsletter. That's guardian bikes.com. Happy riding


Routed the Jag 47 10 in Buffalo. Josh Allen led five touchdown drives in the first half. All five led with touchdown. They had 34 points at the half. Josh Allen 23 or 32 63, 4 touchdowns in the game. Allen also rushed for 44 yards on six carry the bills have scored 30 points in each of their first three games. I you, that's the first time since 2011. Remember the concerns that Ali, who about the bills trading Stefan dig The Jags have lost an NFL worst eight straight games dating back the last season. Trevor Lawrence has started each game. He joined Jim Plucking as the only number one overall quarterback in the common draft. And I think the common draft goes back to 1967 to have multiple losing streaks.


Right. Of at least eight or more games. Lawrence lost eight straight as a rookie in 2021. And when at what point in time do we hold Trevor Lawrence accountable and says Hmm, He, he's that he's not what we thought he was. Yes. I mean at, at what point do we now, now guy, you uncle you gonna have to guide me chat. Y'all gonna have to stay with me on this game. 'cause obviously I was at the Bengals game tonight, so I wasn't able to see the bills demolished, the Jaguars. I had no idea the score was like that. And I'm thinking to myself, I'm thinking, listen, the bills you lose when your dominant targets and Stefan Diggs and I had no idea what they would look like.


I thought it would be a rebuilding process somewhat, because Josh Allen is taking up so much of that money, so much of the cap space. It's only so much they can do offensively in putting pieces around him. But I don't know how they doing it. But he making it work. They they making it work. Yeah. And God, right now with the way Josh Allen is playing with them having 30, they scored 30 this week. The night they scored 47, they had 30. So last week, if I'm not mistaken, and I don't know what, what they had in the first goddamn game, but God, even though it's early in, early in the season, Josh Allen would be the MVP front runner right now based on how he's playing. Well I think the thing you're going That's, and that's with them, Mr. Target.


Well you have to look at it like this. Now he was a different player. Once he got step on dig, he's established himself. Now. It's kinda like Patrick Mahomes, right? I don't know if Patrick Mahomes would've turned. He, he still could have been Pat Mahomes, but he had Tyreek. So he had Tyreek for those years. Built his confidence, his ability. So now when you take Tyreek away, he's still Patrick Mahome, you can't tell he miss him other than the deep, the deep shots that they haven't been able to connect on since he's been gone. But he went back to back Super Bowls. He's been a league MVP and he is a two time Super Bowl MVP. So Josh Allen, because he had those years, he's grown, he's matured.


Well, you can lose that piece once you become established. Right? It's kind of like you starting a corporation. Ocho you might not build that corporation. You need certain pieces, but once you get it going, you know how to operate without a big important piece. Wait. But okay, now, now that you say that, do you think that the, the Bills have a honest chance to get where they wanna go? Obviously compete for a Lombardi trophy in New Orleans? Absolutely. Without, without the without one special piece to be able to get the ball to. Or is it better that he doesn't have a Stefan Diggs, he has to force the ball to enforce, feed him and find ways of getting the ball to keep him happy? Or you think it's better how the situation is now? I think it has a lot to do with the quarterback and how he handles that situation.


A lot of guys like go into the tech, go into a situation where it takes away from them because they're trying to keep X happy. Right. Tom Brady knew how to do it. Tom Brady, like he said, he knew how to talk to Randy. Hey bro, I ain't got it to you yet, but don't think I ain't trying, don't think I ain't looking right. And you never saw anybody show Tom Brady up on the sideline, have you? No. You never saw anybody show Pey Manning up on the sideline, have you? You never saw anybody show up Patrick Mahomes. You see, there has to be a certain level of respect that works both ways in order for us, if we are a teammate, if we're both trying to do the same thing, don't show me up. Because guess what happens. Normally what happens when you show somebody up, you drop a couple and sometimes it's a crucial situation.


Yeah. And then what? So now the quarterback, not the quarterback was like, you gonna feel some type of way, you have to always be cognizant of that Ocho because the sun ain't gonna always be shining face sometimes it's gonna be at your back. Back. Yeah. So yeah. IIII think you know Josh, when he's dealing like this, when he doesn't turn the ball over, his only problem is turnover. Yeah. That was For people to say he's overrated. I dunno what they're looking at. Because if Josh Allen is overrated, well, they're about 28 other quarterbacks that's over damn rated.


Right. Josh Allen ist overrated. Yeah. He, yeah. And listen, I think more so maybe he, he was, he's turnover prone. And once he's being able to fix that with the decision making, and most of the time I'm, I don't wanna, He trying to do too much Ocho Every situation doesn't call for you to be Superman. Sometimes you can be Clark Kent. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Ojo, sometimes you can put on your hat you top coat and just drive. You don't have to save the world every single day. Right. Yeah. And listen, And sometimes he get into that mold where he tries to save the game. Yeah. When that's not required of him. Yeah. And you Know, who has to know when to change in out that suit.


Right. But Trevor Lawrence has lost age straight Monday night also, mark, the first time DeMar Hamlin has gotten an interception. It's been 630 days, days prior to the DeMar Hamlin Remember that incident that happened in Cincinnati Ocho? Yeah. He suffered cardiac arrest on the field. They had to resuscitate him. They brought him back and now he's starting for the Buffalo Bills. And he got his first interception tonight. Man, congratulations. DeMar well deserved. Well Deserved. It's, I'm, I'm very happy.


I I made him, I'm trying to think, where did I meet him at? Man, I'm mad man. France. France. Yeah. I made him in f Yeah. Yeah. We were on a panel. We actually, we were on a panel discussion. Me, he I and Chia. Right. And so, yeah, he great young man. Understand the ordeal that he went through. Obviously tough. 'cause you don't know. Yeah. If you are gonna ever play again, that's the last thing on your mind when you're going through that situation. I'm sure all he was thinking about, let me get healthy and I want, I don't want my dream right to end like this.


Yeah. This is not how I've gotta at least try to get back. And if I get back I can live. But at least I came back. Right. That wasn't the, that's not what, that's not what I want people to remember me for is le laying on the field, nonresponsive, being brought back. Right. And then ride off into the sunset. So DeMar, congratulations bro. We're proud of you. We're rooting for you. You had a lot of support out here. Not just your family, friends and loved one, but the entire football community was rooting for you. Congratulations on your first interception. Damn. This was supposed to be marquee year for the Dolphins. So far it's turned into a night where as it stands, tour will not be able to practice and play until week eight at the earliest.


And even that might be a hopeful timeline. While the schedule is extremely favorable until that time they get the Titans, Patriots, Colts and Cardinals. It's tough to favor Miami and any of them based on their quarterback situation. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. Listen Brother Scarlet Thompson is hurt. Tyler Huntley is stepping in. Tyler Huntley has played some good football wins with the Ravens. Like I think he can bring a little bit Of, it's a different type of offense though. That was a run based offense. Yeah. This was a pass based offense. And you know what, you know what I think even from a passing standpoint, What you Thinking? I think, I think he'll be a little bit, a little bit better than Skylar Thompson and being able to get that goddamn ball to Waddle.


Being able to get that ball to cheese up. Being able to get that ball to Yeah. I I think we gonna be, I think we gonna be all right now. Got a nice little dual threat quarterback. He can pull it down the run with it when he need to. It might not be as bad as you think. If he can, if he can, if he can get in the boys about maybe the two and two is bad. What? It's bad. So you, you don't believe in Tyler Huntley, You say it's not as bad as I think right? You think it's worse? No, it's not as bad as you may think it is. Okay. I'm not saying that we we bringing in Lamar Jackson. I ain't calling Lamar Jackson, but man, he can play the ball.


You know, you know Huntley with Afri, you know Huntley was a fridge agent at one time. Right? He was a who A free agent. Yes sir. Which means any other 32 other teams could any, any one of those other teams could have signed it? Well sometimes, you know, they do that for you. You know that Huh? Oh Joe, stop. Now that you a quarterback, they might do that to some other positions. Not that position because it's too valuable. It's too valuable a plot of land. I was gonna say something, but I ain't gonna say it. Go Ahead. I don't, I don't even feel like being controversial. But don't worry about it. I'm gonna let that one go. I, I think the thing is, is that, look, there are Ryan Tan Hill's available. Cam Newton is available. I don't know if Cam really wants to play or if he's in shape to play football.


Desmond Ritter. Who Possible trade targets? Bryce Young Russell Wilson. Carson wins. Wait to go where? To Miami. Bryce Young and two are on the same team. I I'm wonder why, why they, I mean what other quarterbacks are out there that are familiar with that offense? Well, I mean, I, I I like tanning. Carson Peter would've been nice. Carson wins run ran A-A-A-A-A variance of it right under Doug Peterson. Doug Peterson learned under Andy Reed.


Andy Reed got the, a West Coast. They All come from the same parcel. Mike hung. So it's a, it's a, it's a offshoot of it. It's not, it's not like Kyle Shanahan and, and Sean McVay and Mike McDaniel, all those guys. Really. Right. Yeah. But it's, it's a, it's an offshoot of it. Or they could tank and get the number one pick next year. Hey, I mean, you know how difficult it is. And you might get, and you might get Travis Hunter or you could get your door. Oh, okay. Wait, Jacksonville? No, Miami. Oh, we moved on from Jacksonville.


Oh no. Why wait, I'm, I'm thinking about the quarterback situation. 'cause I'm thinking about being a bust. I I, I, I hate using that word. I hate using that word for that position. Especially when you go as high as number one to Miami should do. Man, that's, that's, no, that's impossible. Doesn't you just pay tour? That's impossible. Damn man. I mean, sometimes people build a new house and sell it. What? Sometimes people build a new house and sell it. Nah, not really. Not really. I've, I've, I've never, I've never heard of that one.


Oh yeah. If you build something, you're gonna be there longer than three or five years. Nah, I'm looking to flip You trying. Maybe they go get Joe Flacco. Okay. Now, now that, now that's a good move. You talking about you wanna, you wanna add a spark to your offense and not miss a beat or a step. You go get your Joe f Flaco. He can Joe push it down the field. Now he got an arm. Yeah, he do. He Got, he ain't gonna move. Now the statue of Liberty's move more than Joe, Joe Flaco in the last 175 years. Okay. One 50. But anyway, you get where I'm going? Yeah, I got you.


I got 49 ERs fans OCHO are burning. Brandon, iu, jersey Ocho. We do nothing. That's the point. That's why they break, that's why they burning the jersey. Oh, here they go, man. Come on now, man. More fans. We got, we got fans have to stop being so fickle. I mean, your, Brandon, you listen, you paid for that jersey. You ain't hurting Brandon at all. You not hurting him at all. What? What did he, did he do something wrong? What did he got him on? Fantasy. Fantasy team. Are they expecting the fact that he got all that money? He's supposed to come out out the gate having a phenomenal season. He had no Camp. Yeah. That's what they expect. Yeah. That's not, that's not the way it works.


That, that's not the way it works. There. There's some ball where Justin Jefferson got paid. That's the way it worked. CD Lamb got paid. He he worked well, you know, re got paid. It worked. So what you mean you, it's not the way its supposed to work. J Brown came out the gate fired until he heard his hamstring. It worked Right. Devonte Smith came out the gate fired. It worked. So I'm trying to figure out what you mean. That's not how it's supposed to work. No. You, you notice everybody you just mentioned was in training camp except cd. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, just, just making sure. Just just showing you the importance of the, the importance of training camp and how much, how much is c Safe training camp? Don't matter. Hey, listen. Oh shit me. Oh, it mattered. You see though, remember the first game he dropped on two balls? Yes. Remember remember the right end zone?


The corner route. The corner route end zone that went Right. Yeah. I, yeah, I saw. Yeah, for sure. And listen, I'm, I'm telling you as mu as much you've been doing it all your life. We've been playing foot the game of football all our life. There's a reason why you have practice. There's a reason why you have training camp. Because in real time you want your hand eye coordination to be open, be be on. You have to train the eye to be able to see that ball no matter how easy you may think it is. 'cause in game tempo and game speed, it's different. Especially at night Ocho it's because you know how easy that ball is to get lost up in those lights. Oh yeah. People don't realize it Quick To go, I mean, to go from like Woo and then especially when that ball is up.


Yeah. That's why, you know, that's what I tell people. You catch the football with your eyes, not with your hands. People are like, oh hey, no, no, no, no. You gotta look that thing in. And the the, the objective is, is to try to pick it up as quick as you can outta the quarterback's hand. Yeah. Yeah. So, because you wait till that ball halfway quarter the way down back, nah. Ain't gonna work. And then plus it's harder to catch the ball once you jo once you jump or you dive because your eyes jump. Yep. And so it's a hard throw. The hardest throw to catch is over the top because you gotta track that ball from here. Track it. Yeah. Especially, especially if it come over your shoulder too. It because Yes. Drop it out. Yes, yes.


You got, so you gotta track that ball just like this. Just like a ba just like a baseball player. You see baseball players, how they track the ball and they catch it over the shoulder. Right. Was great at doing that. Andrew Jones bets a lot of those center. Willie Mays great center fielders can track the ball, but guess what, what do they say? They pick it up at the crack of the bat. Right. See if you went, if you don't hit at the crack of the bat, you don't know where to go and how fast you need to go to get there. So the the objective is to try to pick that ball up as quick as you can outta the quarterback's Hand. Yeah. And you know what's up. You know it's funny sometimes, depending on how deep your rod is, you don't even see the ball lead the quarterback hand. You just see the offensive line and defensive line. Yeah. You just see the ball shoot up out.


You just see the ball leave his hand. Yep. And he try to track you, try to track it the best way you can. That's why I always tell guys the quickest, the best way to catch your football is to get your head around asap. Yes sir. Give you up. Because if you slow with your head, you couldn't be slow with your head with John because he gonna hit you upside your damn right. Head Bad if you ate, if you were slow. Yeah. And people don't realize he's throwing that ball 40 miles an hour. That shit hurt. Right. Because you not expecting, just imagine when somebody hit you upside your head. Mm. Yeah. You gotta help it all. But it, that'll help. Right. So snap your head around, get your eyes and try to catch the football. But y'all in trouble.


Look, I understand fans, fans are upset that he's not off because remember how he parlayed until that contract. Right. He was sensational last year. Especially with Deebo being out. Right. And so he stepped up and showed I can be a number one. So they just want that deebo I look, I get it. It's Coming. It's coming. Yeah, It's coming. Check this out. Ocho and Adam Shefter is reporting. Krista McCaffrey is seeing a specialist in Germany regarding his Achilles tendonitis. Ouch. Should the 49 ERs be panicking? I mean if you're going to see a specialist in week three, the football season and the, the specialist all the way in Germany, which means all the resources that the NFL has that are actually right here in the states, dunno what's going on.


And you gotta go specialist that far away. That's why where you think, where do you think all the top guys go? Where do you think Tiger went? Where do you think Manning went? Where do you think? Yeah. Yeah, because you have to understand in America they have certain standards Right. That other countries will go above and beyond those standards. Mm. So if if it's on somebody else dime hell yeah. I'm gone too. Damn. Achilles tendonitis. Oh, I had it, I had it in college my senior year.


ocho. Oh that pain was a B. So how did, I mean, how does it work? Does it feel like you, you, you, you're gonna, it's gonna pop. It feel like it's, it's a sharp pain. Anytime walk, forget. Running, walking was a problem. Walking, walking was a problem. It's just like you never had tendonitis in your knee or anything like that. But just imagine a, a tendonitis in your key leads. Man, I missed, that was the only time that I had never missed practice in high school. Right. Had never missed college. Practiced in college until my senior year. Think about it, Ocho my senior year, I'm one of the top wide receivers in the country scouts every day. Right. I got iso I'm sitting out there not practicing till I got ice, but two weeks like I miss, I probably missed like six, seven practices.


Wait, how many games you miss? I didn't miss no game because it was, it was, it was in the, like as soon as we got to camp, what happened was the trainer tape my tape me too tight. And the take and the tape cut into my Achilles. Ah wow. And so, oh wow. That's, that's, that's what brought, that's what, that's what brought it on. And so I may or may not have gotten an injection in it. I'm gonna leave it at that. I know you're not supposed to, but I just said I may or may not have. Right. And I would that So he might miss a little bit more time. Oh he gonna miss some time. He on ir. So he's miss that's Four. That's only four weeks though. That's four weeks. Week three.


Yeah. Okay, okay, okay. They put him on IR after the first game. Oh, okay. Okay. So he okay. He still got three more to go. Yeah. Dang. But you know a lot of people go overseas OCHO because you know America, the USDA, they got standard, they can only spin it. You know they do that PRP and they do that stem cell. They can only spin it one or two times. You know Germany, they'll spin that thing and they'll spin it again and they'll put a little dis in here and they put a little dat in there. You know they put a little hole That's messed up. Man, I'm mad about this. Damn. You go there on the wheelchair OCHO and then you come back doing the til roll. Ah. Ah.


I'm telling you. I thought about, I thought about going over there to get the hips worked done, but I, they, they say Mr. Sharp Hey, there you go. They say Mr. Sharp, they, they say Mr. Sharp, They can't do that for you. Bone. Bone. And right now we have a developed, we have a developed a system that'll go cartilage. He Said if you could go cartilage, I would tell you to go. Right. But you can't. He said go and get stem cell and pr. He said, all you're doing is wasting your money 'cause the insurance doesn't c cover It. Ouch. I said man, lemme go and get you hips. Damn. Your hips cost. Damn.


I'm gonna push you over. Hell no. That's cool. But it work now. Yeah, they work. Oh you good? Oh yeah, we know You back. There you go. It still get, okay. Okay. Okay, let Us get, let's get at least get to October with Joe. Okay? Okay. I ain't gonna say it no more. I ain't gonna say that. I'm just saying you, I mean, you said that when you late, that was a layup you talking about. Yeah, you right. You right. I gave a Oh Yeah, we know. Yeah, you gave me That. Yeah. I gave you Ali, you the boom. You, yeah, yeah, yeah. You, you, you dunked it over. You dunked it over.


So, man, I say man, Woo. I rather Leave that with all, I ain't bitching nothing else about no hips or nothing. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I got you. I got you. I got you.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest Life's comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games, all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void, where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


The Hollywood Reporter is the source for insider entertainment news. Whether you're running a studio or you're someone who always has their finger on the pulse of hollywood, thr.com is the place for you. Find in-depth reviews, what to watch next, and the stories behind the front runners for the next big awards, all in one place on thr.com. And. if you need minute to minute updates on what's happening in Hollywood, follow us at Hollywood Reporter on all your social platforms.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo,


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from e-service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


Attention parents, grandparents, aunts and uncles. Got a kid who's not into biking or spends too much time on screens. Then you've gotta check out guardian bikes featured on Shark Tank and awarded the Top Kids bike in 2024 by the New York Times, Wirecutter Guardian bikes is changing the game. What makes guardian bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to thoughtful engineering, lightweight frames and kid friendly components. Kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families and get a guardian bike today. Visit guardian bikes.com to save up to 25% off bikes, no code needed. Plus, receive a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for the newsletter. That's guardian bikes.com. Happy riding.


Chris Long has some thoughts on coaches. Carmen Jalen Carter on the sideline, doing a win over the saint. Yeah, let's take a listen to what he had to say on his podcast. Green light. Hold on outta here. Hold on. I don't give a fuck what Jalen Carter does at the end of the game. He could have done it for three more minutes, flapping his gums at people, inciting people on the field, talking shit to whoever, whoever you want. That's a, Hey, hold on. It's a war. It is a war out there And. if you haven't been in a game like that, don't tell Jalen Carter to calm down because I like it when he cares. And if that's what, if that's how it manifests when this guy's locked in, then he needs to come to the stadium every week just like that. And that's what the vets are for. I would rather say wo than s sick him. And, and I am totally fine with how he showed up to, to, to go to war yesterday. You like that Ocho? Yeah. I, I like It, it a little bit. I like it a little bit, but I don't, I don't like Jalen the part where with dismissing the coaches and them trying to calm 'em down, it is okay, you know, chirp, chirp a little bit, chirp a little bit, chirp a little bit, yeah. But not, not not be so dismissive of those trying to get you to settle down to where it seems like you're almost uncontrollable. Like, like Yeah. I, I just, I don't like that part, but, you know, listen, I'm, I'm all for it. Listen, this me now, the, the, the, the actual trash talker, I'm all for that, especially in a way, but doing it in, in, in a, in a controlled manner, you know, seeing, like, seeing being irate in a sense where your coaches can't even call three of them can't even calm me down right then. But come on that. Come on. But I, I, I don't wanna take away from Jalen Carter on what makes him him, that Ferocity That makes you, you so be it, but just, you know, be able to be able to, to, to, to kind of take heed to those that trying to get you calmed down a little bit.


Yeah. Ocho I never really got that upset. I didn't. Right, Right, right, Right now, now with the coaches, I mean, look, I, I, I think the thing is, is that coaches kind of know like who to go at and who not to go at. Right. I come off the field, you know, hey, I done missed a block, or I drop the pass, you know, hey, you know, normally it's like, Hey, 84, we need that. Come on, Sharpie, you better than that. I get it. But you know, like coaches start talking too much. I just, Right. That's it. Hey, that's it. Okay. I heard you. Hey, I be like, dollar bill, don't make me sit this, if I sit this helmet down, it's gonna be trouble, trouble.


But I, but I see, I see. Guy like, bro, bro, calm down. Yeah, man. No, no. Sharp man f that man I told him about. I said, bro, I, I get it. Yes, yes, yes. Right. Yes, yes. I, I don't, I don't like players like that. You can't control you, You right. You bro. You right. Yeah. Knowing he dead ass wrong. You right, right. Yeah, you right bro. Just to get him to calm down a little Bit. Just to get, Hey bro, what, what you need from me? How can I help? Right. Nah, sharp man. I told him, man, stop ing bro. Yes. Just calm down. Hey, take it out on him.


Don't be tearing up our sideline, throwing water cooler to kick his know, kick his over him, get him. But it's tough Ocho man, because you know, I had a couple teammates like that, man, man, sharp. You be talk. Why? I gotta talk. Why Sharp? Gotta talk to him. He ain't even on the sharp side of the football. He on defense. Why I gotta talk to him? Gotta be crazy. Gotta be no, gotta Be. Hey, come on bro. But you know, hey, you calm him down. Like, Hey, come on now. Yeah, we got a responsibility here. People look big people looking. It's not gonna be a good look. Yeah, you don't, yeah. Your family understand. Hey, let's, let's calm this thing down.


Let's get a level head about ourselves. Let's go out there and play some football. Kick some ass, let's get this dub and gone home. We gonna laugh about it on the plane. I just want you to know I'm gonna join the issue at you when I get on that bus now, just so you know. Just so you hey, just, Hey man, go ahead on, man. That's all you do. You joke all the time. Sharp. You don't take nothing serious. I don't, it def it. Definitely not You definitely not you being upset on the sideline. I don't, I don't, I don't You Right. Act acting, acting a fool, plum fool. Oh yeah, for sure. Justin Tucker Wiley reviewed as the greatest kicker here at Adam Venet. Terry, however, however, through the first three games, Tucker is just five of eight on field goal attempts. And he's missed at least one field goal in every game thus far, including a 48 yarder in the fourth quarter after the game.


John Harbaugh acknowledged Tucker struggles. I said that yesterday. Oh, people jumped on my timeline. It ain't, but anyway, we've been together for a long time. And, we had a lot of conversation. He's everything. You want a player and a friend for Justin. I guess just a technique issue right now. He's working through, he knows exactly what it is. It just needs to smooth it out, smooth it, and smooth it back out. I'm very confident he will Ocho will kick problem be a problem for the Ravens. No, I, I I don't, I don't think so. Listen, just Justin Tucker is, is arguably maybe one of the greatest kickers of all time. And just like baseball, sometimes sluggers, they go into a slump and they know what they did.


They know what they need to do. They pull themselves out that slump. Listen, when it comes to kicking, just a tucker knows what it needs to do. Those, what you need to do, all you do is go back to the basics. You go back to the basics. You yourself into a routine to get yourself into a rhythm with those basic fundamentals that you learn when you first started kicking. And then sometimes you get away from those things. Sometimes you get away from those things. And I think once he does that, Justin Tucker will be all right, he'll be fine. And this is coming from a kicker. So I I I think the bigger issue for the ravens of them damn penalties, they had 12 again yesterday. Ocho yesterday. Yeah. That's going be that, that that look you hopefully doesn't come down for a kick because Justin Tur as a rookie cook kicked the Baltimore Ravens took the, to the, you know, he beat the Broncos.


They went in, in the divisional round of the playoffs and he hit the field goal as a undrafted rookie. And he hasn't looked back since. Yeah. He's made clutch kick after clutch kick. He's won a lot of ball games. He's the NFL record holder for field goals 66 yards. Although Aubrey almost broke it yesterday. He kicked a 65 yarder. Oh yeah. But the difference is a 65 yarder in the first quarter versus a 66 yard at the end of the game to win you the game. That's the difference between Adam ve Terry. That's the difference between Justin Tucker. A lot of kickers got legs. But can you make it when it matters? Right. Because if you miss this, you're going home. There's so Much that's the difference. But you know, a lot of it, Ocho like you said, a lot of it is right here.


Yeah. Mental. We've Seen, we've seen baseball players, we've seen Chuck bla Steve, hey, they get the Ys and they can't, the ball right here, they can't get anything. David Dub ball in baker face. Guys get the yips. It's hard to, if anybody can do it, tuck can. Right. But boy kicking is, is much more mental. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Most definitely. Especially, especially when the game is on the line. Well, you know, what kind of pressure, you know, what kind of pressure that is when the game is on the line is a kicker. And I could tell you, you know, I'm not telling you what I heard. I'm telling you what I know because the game was on the line for me with the Bengals. It might have been a preseason game against the Patriots, but the, the game was sitting on the line, you know, I had to make the kick because our kicker went down and you know, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm perfect as a kicker in the NFL.


So, so technically I could probably be the greatest kicker of all time that isn't talked about. That's the reason. But I wish Chuck the best man. Look, obviously everybody knows my team is the Broncos. Yeah. Played 12 years from them. But I did get two years in Baltimore and so that's the team I root for a second. I want the Ravens to do well. Like I said, a lot of people that, that when I was there, Ocho they gone, they gone. Mr. The Team. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Steve Ti was the minority owner. He ended up buying the team, but Ozzy's still there. Yeah. And, and that's really the only connection that I have.


'cause everybody else is really gone. Right. And I don't bother them that much anymore. But Steve has always told me, look, you welcome with open arms. Hey, you know, you and Oz, I know you and Oz's relationship is great, but it's, it's, it's, it's, it's tough to like be put in a situation where like, I can't because think about how many games that they've won Right. Because of a kick. And just to think that they could possibly be in a different situation because of a kick. Doesn't sit well with me, but hopefully he turns it around. The Ravens got back on the winning track last week against, against the Cowboys. And hopefully they can build some momentum and get a couple of dubs up under their belt.


Pittsburgh looks good, but we'll, we'll see what they can do once they, once they step up and play in the division. Because I don't think the Steelers have played the division game, have they? I don't think they played the division game yet. Reggie Bush, the former c re running back had a, had had had his Heisman return back in April. Now he's suing the N-C-A-A-U-S-C and the PAC 12. He's seeking compensation for the use of his name, image, and likeness. While he was with the program in the suit, which was filed today. Bush's lawyer alleged that all three entities made a lot of money off the running back, who was an enormous star when he played at the, with the Trojan.


Right. The name the, they named TV contracts, merchandise sales, and media rights as just three of the revenue streams that Bush's popularity influence. His lawyer said, this case is not about seeking justice for Reggie, it's about setting up the precedent for fair treatment for all college athletes. Our goal is to rectify the injustice and pave the way for a system where athletes are rightly recognized, compensated right, and treated fairly for their contributions. So, I mean, how do you, Chad, how do y'all feel about it? How do you feel about it? I think him suing obviously for his likeness during that time, based on the money that was being made.


Which is it, it again, it could be up upwards to, who knows, it could be a godly amount. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean especially When it comes to somebody like, like Reggie Bush, you know, especially during his day, during his day, during his Speech. Oh yeah. In Hollywood with those big Oh yeah. What? Oh My goodness. Yeah. I mean you look at a guy like Cam, you look at a guy like Tebow, you look at a guy like Johnny Manzell, a guy Reggie Bush you talking about, or or, or Vince Young at the u at u ut Right? You talk about some of the biggest stars in college football ever. Yeah. Now I don't know if he can go back and do that. 'cause then you gonna open up Pandora's Box box. Yeah. Because there go a lot of guys, Barry say, well, how much you think Oklahoma State made on me?


And you go get a lot of the other Guys. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. They come back and says, well hold on Tim Tebo, Florida. Yeah. Cam go like, Auburn, y'all think about it. Yeah. But you know, it's never been done before. So there's a chance, there's a chance that he, that he has the opportunity to win this, you know? Yeah. 'cause if, if he didn't have a chance, I mean, he would be, his lawyers would tell him, listen, that really makes, it really makes no no sense to even go through with this and waste the money. But the fact that his lawyer may feel No, they probably, no, we actually gotta, they're probably saying they're doing this, they're doing this as part to get a percentage in just in case he does win. Ah, because you know, you know settlements, you get 33%. Right. Sometimes lawyers take 40%.


Dang. Yeah Man, they, they do put in a lot of work though. So I kind of understand. They put in a, alright, Don Joe. Yeah. It's time for rough draft. Oh, you gonna lose Again. Today's prompt is best. NFL rookie season. Ooh. I'm go first. Let's do a cut. Let's do, let's do the promo. Let's do the graphics. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. I like this. I like this. Yeah. I got this one. My first one. Oh. Oh, you finna lose, you finna lose. You ain't won in like three weeks. Why you going first?


Because you went first last time. That's why I'm going first this time. All right, go ahead. Alright. First up for me. I'm taking Eric Dickerson, his rookie season. He rushed for 1,808, 1800 yards. Okay. Was rookie of the year and later we know what he did. He, next season he ran for 2105. Yep. So I got Eric Dickerson up first. Okay. My first one. My first one. A lot of people, especially unless you are a defensive person, you might not like this, but if you watched him play during, during the day, back during this day especially, was he in college? I'm going with Jevon Curtis's rookie year. Okay. For me, I'm taking Randy Moss, if you saw his rookie season. Yeah. Randy Moss. Was he Hey, he was Mo He was a real deal.


He was the real deal. Well, you know what, speaking of receiver since I'm, I'm, I'm gonna piggyback off what you just said. And I'm going with another receiver who had a hell of a goddamn rookie season and his name is Jamar Jamar. Nathaniel Chase. Alright. You like him. You know who I'm going with. I'm going number three. I'm going CJ Stride. You know what, that was historic. That was a historic season. That was the historic season, but it wasn't You wanna give up now later? No. Oh, you finna lose it. The next, the next one. Listen. Arguably maybe one of the greatest running backs of all time in Barry Sanders. Yeah. That Barry Sanders, the one he played in Detroit, they called it Motown at Ford Field.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. That was that ocho. Yeah. Let me see. Yeah, come on. That you gonna lose, you gonna lose this. You know who I'm going with, right? Lawrence Taylor. Lawrence Taylor was defensive player of the year and rookie of the year in his rookie season. It's over Chad Taylor to go home. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Listen, you think about Lawrence Taylor in his totality when you talking about his rookie year. His rookie year, rookie, rookie. He only had nine and a half sacks. First of all had nine and half Sacks. Ocho you do realize the sac didn't become an official stat until 1982. He came in the league in 1981 Player of the year and, and rookie defensive rookie of the year.


How many guys have ever done that? Listen, had nine and a half sacks. And, and and s I'm gonna piggyback off for you. I'm gonna go with, I'm gonna go to the divas of player too. I'm gonna go to the divas of player in his rookie year was also phenomenal. He had 36 solo tackles with nine sacks, maybe the greatest divas of tackle of all time who just happened to retire. And Aaron Donald Okay. To talk About. I Like that. It's over. It's over for you. You know what, I might give you a chance to come back, but I ain't gonna Who you got?


I'm gonna go way, way, way back. You know what, How far back? I ain't gonna go that far back. I I'm be, I'm gonna let him be my honorable mission. Yeah. You know who I'm gonna go with, don't you? Yeah. We just had it last year. Hookah n Ooh. Okay. That's a good one. Okay. That's a good one. That's a good one. I can't even, I can't even argue. I can't even, I can't even argue that. 'cause he was, he was on fire last year. So this is my honorable mention right now, right? Yep. Honor. No, you got five. This is number five for you. Okay, number five.


Lemme think I done went, I done went defense twice. Matter of fact, you know what, I'm gonna go Cam Newton. Okay, I'm gonna go run Cam Newton rookie year 4,000 plus yards two one TD 770 yards on the ground. 14. Yeah. Yeah. Go on Cam Newton rookie year. That's my fit. Okay. Oh Yeah, you definitely, you definitely lost this rough draft this time. Oh no, it ain't even close. Trust me. The the chat. The chat. Listen, the chat is one thing about them. They don't lie and they will tell you you lost His bad look here.


Where do I want to go? You know who I like. How the unbelievable rookie season Ocho. Who That Do I want to go quarterback? Do I wanna go running back? You can go Dak Dak had a crazy or had crazy rookie season. Well you Should have put, you should have picked him. No, I'm just saying you stuck. I'm just giving you an option. Nah, hey, I might, you know what? I might even put my rookie season ion.


I got Eric Dixon, Randy Ball, cj. Oh Lt, That's a nice little lineup. It ain't better. Oh yeah. Ain't ain't better than mine though. Oh. It's way better. Yours. Don't your yo, yo, your, I ain't saying yours. Some stir fry, but I'm just saying it ain't good. Nah, Hold on. Oh, I gotta take my, Hey rest is soul Reggie White. Woo. That's a good one. If y'all didn't get an opportunity to see this man play and see him up close and personal because I saw him in his prime. Yeah, I'm talking about at his absolute apex.


Yeah, I saw him with the Eagles in 92. I saw him in 93. I saw him in 96. Yeah. And I saw him in the Super Bowl, so I'm talking about at his absolute apex. Take it Reggie. Right. I like that. That's it. Listen, can't argue, can't even argue that. Go ahead. Dang, that was a good one, boy. That that that Richie one that that Richie one kind of knocked out the box boy. But I pro I I I had to, I had to show Hey O Tony, you way before I got to Regi. Right, right.


Oh, shoot, I did Cam Aaron Donald, I got Barry Jevon curse. You don't want Justin Jefferson, you don't want Dak Saquon Barkley Odell. Nah, hold on, hold on. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. I'm, I'm looking for, you know, somebody, some, I'm looking for another iconic figure kind of. I Give you one, I'll let you take Gale sayers the Kansas comment. I, I, you know what? I got one of 'em from LSU I'm gonna go with Justin Jefferson as my honorable mentioned it. Okay.


I told you that. And you know who I'm gonna go with? My last honorable mention pick Kurt Warner. Is rookie here? Yep. When he came from the CL. Yep. He was all, he was all right. He was all right. He was all right. He was all right. I I, I, I listen, I won, I won that list too. The Volume,


The Hollywood Reporter is the definitive source of entertainment news where we tell the entertainment stories insiders need to know and deliver Hollywood culture to those who crave it. Stay in the know of all the entertainment, news and updates you'd ever need with a Hollywood reporter. Go to thr.com for round the clock, breaking news, film and TV reviews, original video content and continuous coverage of business, lifestyle, and entertainment stories. Visit thr.com and follow us on all social platforms at Hollywood Reporter for your daily dose of entertainment news.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, you turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more, check out bose.com.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports, like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what, that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo,


One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime, and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face, a lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.