
Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to affect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now and enjoy. Hey, it's Wilford El and Sabrina Bryan.


And we're the host of the new podcast, Magical Rewind. You may know us from some of your favorite childhood TV movies like My Date with the President's daughter And the Cheetah Girls movies. Together we're sitting down to watch all the movies you grew up with and chat with some of your favorite stars and crew that made these iconic movies happen. So Kick back, grab your popcorn and join us Listen to Magical Rewind on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought to you by State Farm like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected, and each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful.


Now imagine ODU ODU has all the programs you'll ever need, and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ODU harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@od.com. That's o doo.com. The Volume, the 82 game preseason is in the books, and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin Tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more.


Download the DraftKings Sports Book app Use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance.


C dk nng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources. The playoffs are upon us the best place to watch Right bear in person. Gametime is an authorized ticket marketplace for playoff basketball, which makes getting playoff tickets even easier and faster. Prices on Gametime app actually go down closer. It gets to tip off with killer last minute deals. All in prices viewed from your seat, the lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. Save even more when you choose a section and let Gametime choose to see the lowest price guaranteed. Or Gametime will credit 110% of the difference. Take the guesswork out of buying playoff basketball tickets with Gametime.


Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code Nightcap $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code Nightcap, N-I-G-H-T-C-A-P for $20 off download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed. Hey ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite. Shannon Sharpe. That's your favorite number 85, the route runner extraordinaire. The Bal ring of Fame honoree. The Pro Bowl of the All Pro from Liberty City.


Chad Ochocinco, Johnson And. we are Nightcap and we're home. Guess what? To the world's fastest man, let that sink in. Marinate on that. Just a second. Yes sir. Guys, please make sure you hit that like button. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. We greatly, greatly appreciate it. Guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We greatly appreciate that and every subscriber matters. Make sure you check out my Shea by la Porter. We're taking pre-orders only. Thank you for your patience, but we will be able to fulfill your order. We have it in stock and you will not have to wait months like you did before. Thank you for your pages again, please make sure you go follow my media company page on all platform.


That's Shea. Shea Media and my clothing company. 84. That's 84 spelled out our Olympic merch just dropped Ocho and I having it on. We just went. I have the light color, he has the the dark gray. You made me, You made me change. Yeah, because we showed up here looking like, looking like step stepbrothers. The link to the, the, the link to the merchant's pen at the top of the chat. Use code Olympics. As you know the quality is exceptional. Ocho, I ain't gonna do a whole lot of hullabaloo, but You can do it. You can do it. You can do it because they did it. They did it yesterday. They did. They did a whole lot of hooping and hollering. Yeah, a whole lot of hooping and hollering.


A whole lot of talking trash. Oh Remember Thompson? Because our girl ain't win. They did a whole bunch Of talking. They was talking. Your girl got spoke. Oh, what happened? Big mouth. Now all of a sudden The timeline was so quiet today. The town, I was so quiet today. Noticed that as opposed yesterday it was everybody was hollering and hooping today. Yeah, Your girl got smoke. Your girl got smoke. What happened? Now Noah beat Jamaica's k Shane Thompson by 5000th of a second in a hundred meters final. He ran a time of 9 8 9 7 8 4 to 9 7 8 9 K Shane Thompson took what?


What? Okay. According to Noah took 44 steps from the block to the line. K Shane Thompson took 45 steps. Remember Justin Gatlin says he took 41 steps from start to finish. Yeah. Usain Bolt took 40 steps from start to finish. Noah ly gets the gold K Shane Thompson gets the silver. And Fred Curly who won the U silver medal in last Olympics takes home the bronze. Yeah. But we build this OCHO we've been building Noah Lau says I'm the fastest man. What we've done since the beginning of time, the man or the woman Yes sir. That won the hundred meter dash at the Olympics, was considered the world's fastest man.


Right? Regardless if a world record holder was still alive. Because what the Jamaicans are trying to do now, well, bolt still has the world record. Nah, we not gonna do that. What we're gonna do, we're gonna continue whomever win the Olympics, right? Who? Whoever win the world championship, male or female, that's the world's fastest man. The world's fastest woman. Right? So just because that no longer resides, guess what? Y'all didn't say that yesterday. Ah, y'all did not say when Julian Al Alfred won. Y'all didn't say she was the fan. Y'all didn't say Elaine Thompson Herrell is still the fastest woman in the world.


Right? Y'all didn't do that. Y'all didn't do that. So I ain't gonna let you do it now. No, I ocho when Justin and I was talking yesterday, what did I say? If they make him run through the line Yeah. If they make, if they keep that pressure on him. Yeah. I use the analogy what my coach say, sucker, you gotta make him run. Make him run you. You know what's funny when you think about it, Keyshawn made him run because his start still wasn't good. If you watch it, if you watch, I watched it in slow motion. I watched him Slow motion. It's because he has that 200 meter kick, that 200 meter kick. When he hit that goddamn transition from that 40, they made that 50 from that 50 to that to that finish line. Yeah.


He had to come back and get everybody. But here's the thing, he made it That much more difficult. It still one, If you look at his reaction time, KA Shane Thompson's reaction time was 0.176. Noah low's reaction time was 0.178. Yes sir. So that's not, that's not that big of a difference, right? It wasn't drastic like Shaki was stuck in the blocks yesterday. Right, right, right. It, it wasn't that. And so now I'm close Enough Enough, yeah. That You're gonna start to decelerate because you're not a 200 meter guy. Right. I'm, I had the strength to maintain. Yes. I got the strength to maintain. Yeah. So now, but see a, another thing that worked in this favor was the same thing that happened to Karri at the World Championship.


Yes sir. She way out in lane seven, he can't see, he sees Fred Curly right there. He sees who else was that next to him? Sabine, he sees them and so he thinks that's his competition. He's like, I got them, I'm holding them off. Right. He can't see all the way outside in Lane seven. He can't see no allows. And so now it wasn't until he got to the line and he like, hold on. Damn. I ain't know. I ain't know you was. I ain't know you was that close. Yeah. Let's see what happens. And it goes to a photo finish. Yeah. But I knew if Noah could keep it close early. Everybody, he rather 9 7 7 and he shut it down.


It's easy to run when you know nobody in the field can touch it. Look at, go look at his last 20 meters. Yeah. And look how he started to tie up. Yeah. Go back and look at it. So you could, you could, you could see, you could see the body language, you could see the tension Him tie up. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. He wasn't as relaxed as opposed to when he ran the nine seven in Jamaica. His body relaxed. I'm talking about Oh, Relaxed. He relaxed the whole time and he and he, he step off the gas a little bit. Listen that pressure the moment it will do something to you. He still run a great, he was still a, he still ran a great race. Yeah. He's still wearing a great race. This is one of the best a hundred meter finals I've seen in a very long time. Yeah, Well Very long time.


Yes. Yes. When you go back and look at it a way, a race that was similar was close. Justin Gatlin, you go back and look at 2004, he beat Francis Olu. 9 8 5 9 8 5 to 9 8 6. That was a very close race. I think the last boat in the last Olympics when he ran nine eight in 2016, I think he ran 9 0 9 8. Oh. And I think Justin Gatlin ran like 9, 8, 1, maybe 9 8 2. But it was, it was the times were very, very close. This was a very, a great race. Noah, Lowes gets the gold. K Shane Thompson takes bronze. Fred Curly takes the no No the other way, other way.


Thompson Takes silver. Yeah. Fred Curly takes the bronze in a seasonal best Akin SAB of South Africa. He ran a national record. 9 8 2. Marc Marcelle Marcelle, Marcel Jacobs, he ran a seasonal best of 9, 8, 5 to Bogo or Botswana. He ran 9, 8, 6, a national record. Kenny Nerrick, he was a little off his season best. He ran 9, 8, 8. I think it's best time is 9, 8, 7. And Obel Seville made him give it up. Yeah. Pulled up like I I'm in last, You know what's funny what that when we talking about them running and talking about they had a a off time or it wasn't as fast as they normally run.


And, we talking about they running under the nine eight and that's off. Can you imagine? Well, I'm Saying Fred, Think about how fast that is. Yeah. Fred Curley has run 9 7 6. Yeah. So he's off. He, but this was the best. He's been dealing with some injuries. He's had some issues all year. I don't think anybody thought Fred Curley was gonna make the podium given how his season was going. But as Justin said yesterday, Fred is a fighter. He knows how to run in big meets. The thing that I said about K Shane Thompson, I know he's running fast, but has he ever run fast in a big meet on a world state, on a global stage, a world championship, a Olympic, all the trials, everybody look, everybody can run.


We've seen people run. Shari ran ten seven one at the trials. She ran one of the slowest times that she's run this year in the finals is different. The heaviest thing that a person can carry. Ocho you know what it is? Yeah. Expectations. Oh yeah. Oh Definitely. You got the, you got the world because the Jamaicans, they're used to having us saying they're used to having Elaine Thompson Herra. They're used to having Shelly Ann. They're used to having Sika. Okay. The women, we knew Elaine wasn't going. She had some issues. Mommy Rocket, Shelly Ann Frazier price or whatever transpired.


Maybe she was dealing with a, a little injury, but she didn't get to warm up properly. Right. Sika had pulled out the hundred before she really even got where soon after she arrived in Paris. And now we found out she pulled out of the 200. So there's something seriously going on with her. So all their hopes, the Jamaican hopes was pinned. K Shane was going to get the gold and then Oblique and Noah allow Fred Curly, they were gonna fight it out for silver and bronze. But the one thing you know about Noah Lyes, he's a big, he's a, not only is he a showman, he's a big game racer. Did you see how he came out? Did you see when they introduced him, you see how he came out hyped up like that? Hyped up like that, ran down the track a little bit.


Screaming, Looking at everybody like Hooping and hollering. So when he came out with that type of energy, when you come out with that type of energy, you know, you, you, you, you ain't Got no show. Better run. You done did all that jumping up and down the hooping and hollering, Man, who you telling you ain't got no choice but to show up. Yeah. So I, I expected that because I didn't know what we were going to get because everybody time was so good. Everybody talk about the trials and what people did leading up to the Olympics. I ain't know what was gonna happen. I just knew it was gonna be a good race. Yeah. I just like, I just, like I said, the thing that concerned me about Kasha Thompson is that he had never been of a global meet. The think about he ain't never had them lights turned around like that and that music playing and them lights, they reverberating and they going all around.


Yeah. And they introducing you. Hey. And it's 65,000 fans and you can feel that electricity. You can feel it. Right. This is the moment. This is not the trials, be it American or Jamaican or whatever the case may be. Right. He's never been in this moment. Go back and look at the last 20 meters and look at his form compared to what it was in the first 60. I knew if they made this young man run the inter because everything else. Oh, Joe, you heard he shut it down? Yeah. Yeah. He ran a 9 77 and he shut it down. He shut it down in the round. I even heard auto and says he looked the best through the rounds because nobody challenged him.


Right. Hey, you watch, you watch his horses, you watch the horse, you watch the derby. Sometimes it takes that horse to pull right alongside the other horse to make him dig a little deeper. Yes sir. Made him break for him and boom, we got it. Now we have the horse world's fastest man. Yeah. Usain Bolt is the greatest Sprinter alive, but he's not the fastest man in Jamaicans. I'm not gonna let you do it. I'm not gonna let you say because your guy lost y'all had to eat Crow because yesterday you had a lot to say about Shaka. Yeah. Y'all had a lot to say.


Well, y'all ain't talking now jump up my timeline. Just be respectful because I got time today. Be respectful because I told y'all just for today. Now I don't want y'all to get on there, but y'all say something disrespectful and I gun y'all ass down. Hey, ESP does he work for you guys? Look what he said. No, if you, Hey, I'm telling you now, if you come for me and I didn't send for you, I'm gonna send your ass away Unhappy. So, hey, let's keep it above the belt. We gonna go back and forth. Hey, I like this. I like this song. I love Jamaican brothers and sisters. And. we can have a good time. Trash talking, going back and forth. Right. People say, Hey, it's about time, Shannon, it's been 20 years since y'all been at the top of the podium at the Olympic and you're absolutely right.


But when y'all try to take pot shots, I'm gonna let y'all have it. I'm just letting you know when y'all go low, I'm gonna go to the basement. If you go lower to that, I'm going to hell. So I'm, I'm just letting you know now. So let's keep it above the belt. Let's have a good time. I like the back and forth. And guess what you saying, boat can't run no more. It might be a while before y'all see the top of the podium because no ain't going nowhere. Yeah, yeah. We, we, we, us America have the fastest of 8 million people in the world. Fastest. We got the fastest man in the world. Fastest man in the world. Period. Y'all can't do nothing about it.


I see y'all in four years. Matter of fact, we got two of 'em. Yeah. We we got Two of 'em. And, we got so too, we got so too in the relay. Oh oh four went four by one. It probably started probably like Thursday. Hold On. Whoa, whoa, whoa. You talking about we got some formula relay. Forget the relay. We still got Noah in the goddamn two. Oh, And. we got Kenny, Ari And, we got Arian Knight And the, oh, hold On. 200. Yes. When, When the, when the, when the 400 meters, The, the the 400, the 400 starts probably Monday or Tuesday.


Woo. Yeah, we got something for him. Oh, they, oh look, Ky Kyro McMaster, he's a 400 guy. Yeah, but my guy nephews in, in in peak condition. Rod Benjamin. Yeah. You ready to go? Yeah. Now it's gonna probably, it's gonna probably take low 46, maybe even sub 46 to make that podium. Yeah. Because we know what the the the Norwegian. Yeah. Carson Warhol. Yeah. We know about Allison Dosantos. Yeah. We know you can Do we know what Ride Ride. Just beat both of them. A couple of weeks before the Olympics started at a island league meet. I think he ran 46 6. He's run as low as 46. 40 46 for this year.


So he's gonna be go congress, McMaster. I think he got on the podium last year. I think he got silver. Maybe he got silver or something. A bronze. But we got something for y'all. We ain't done. Oh, And. we got Gabby. Gabby in the 200. Yeah. And. we got Gabby in the 200 And. we going to smoke in the relays. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Period. I got bragging right. Can't tell me nothing now. And I want y'all to do one thing for me. All my Jamaican brethrens and sisters stop the blood clock crying, brother.


I brother Me. Stop it, brother. No, no, man. I the champ. That's funny. We the Champ. No alarm baby Of The world. You got let, let up on a monk. Don't do him like that. No. Let up on him. A little bit like Craig. Like, like, like that they told Craig. Say, Hey, we talked like security of the world. Craig. No. Alive is the top flight. He the big dog of the entire world. Ocho No, we gonna eat. It's us today. They can't stop. It Takes a nation a million to hold us back. No alive. Celebrate. Hey, we got Hey.


there was some records. How many records were broken today? Okay, the women, the the four by the four by 100 meter relay in swimming that was broken. The medley relay. Two men, two women that was broken. Bobby Fink, he broke the 1500 meter world record that was broken. There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu Plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately.


Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com. Summer is supposed to be an opportunity to slow down, but when you look at your kids, you can't help but notice that your kids are growing up fast. Help them build independence as they grow with Greenlight. Greenlight is a debit card and money app for families where parents can keep an eye on kids' money habits while kids learn how to save, invest and spend wisely. It's the easy, convenient way to raise financially smart kids. Get your first month free when you sign up at greenlight.com/iheart Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th.


Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from Chobani General Mills cereal. Pete's coffee and coffee mate for quick breakfast favorites. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in-store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details. Noah. Oh and, and we've already talked to them and the, if you swam a leg on any world record breaking team.


Yeah. DM us. I'm gonna get you your money as soon as possible so as soon the sooner you can DM me. Who it is. Bobby Fink. You ain't got no teammates bro. So you got 50 bands coming to me, coming to you courtesy me the relay teams. I got you. Just, I just need to know who swam on the team and the money gonna get to you on, I've already instructed my, my team, my management team. We're gonna get everything taken care of. So we're gonna have this thing in a nice and neat ball within the next two to three weeks. Hold On somebody tell Bobby Fink. Tell Bobby Fink now. I'm telling you now. Unc remember I used to swim, right? Remember I used to swim. Yeah. Now when I, when I did that semester at Harvard, I was part of the swim team.


So I saw Bobby Fink said the world record. Yeah. Now I wasn't too far for that world record for that small semester when I swam at Harvard. So I'm curious, before you send Bobby that 50 ball, right? Yeah. Before you send him that 50,000. How about me and Bobby? We compete in the 1500 and whoever went between me and him, they get that 50 Ocho. Yeah. You can't swim 500 meters, right? Let alone 1500. Right? I ain't got asthma no more. I'm good now. I'm good. I ain't got asthma. Let's go. So Noah Lyes, you got 50 band coming courtesy of me and Ocho Bobby Noah.


Lemme hold Something. Bobby Fink, you get the whole shebang because you broke a world record. Everybody that's on the relay team, you guys get to split 50 grand, 12 five a piece for everybody that ran in track and field in the mixed relays. You set the world record the night before, before you get 12 five. If you swam on the relay teams. I think there was two relay teams that ended up breaking the world record. The mixed relay. Two men, two women, and the women broke the world record at the end. So get that information. DM Nightcap let us know who swam or I don't care who swam what leg or what, what stroke you swam. I just wanna make sure I get you your money in a very, very timely fashion. But again, back to Noah ly Noah.


Hey, I know I Noah. It might be in the chat, huh? I know it man knows. I Though y'all they keep on elcho. You know them Jamaican. They keep on saying, oh, Noah ly k Shane Thompson had the same time. I just wanna know who can coming home with the gold medal. Hold on, hold On Joe. Listen, They got the highest, they have the highest of technology out there in Paris now. So we not going, we not gonna do that. We not gonna do that. We not gonna do that. Who Not gonna do that? Somebody coming home with the gold medal. Who coming home with it? Who got, who got around their neck? No. Okay. I'm just Making sure never with ride his neck in the two Hyundai.


Yeah, he gonna have, he gonna have two, you know, no disrespect. No, He gonna have three because we gonna get that relay too. We gonna be fine. You know what I asked, I asked a question too, right? I asked a question earlier when it came through the sprinters and the amount of time, the amount of rest time they had between races and someone said, well you know what, I think the, the, the sprinters actually like it that way because they don't want to tighten up. Do you? What, what, what do you think? Do you think any changes need to be made as opposed to when you run the semis to the finals or you're qualifying or you think the amount of time they get the rest is, is sufficient? Here's the thing, a lot of times that's why you take alternates because a lot of times like Noah is not gonna run on the relays to qualify.


Right. That's why you brought Kristen Coleman. That's why you brought a couple of other guys. Right? Fred Curly will probably run, Fred Curly will be on the relay team in the finals. Right. Noah ly won't. Kenny Bonner will be on that team. Right. And qualifying he won't because now he has to go back and try to get ready for the 200. Ah, so come finals Noah Lyes will run anchor. I'm thinking Christian Coleman starts it off. I'm thinking Fred Curly runs the second leg. I'm thinking Kenny Benner runs the third leg. Noah Lowes brings it home. Woo. So it's Wonderful. I see the same thing happening. Because here's the thing, the women tt Terry, Melissa Jefferson and Shaka Richardson, they don't have anything else to do.


So there's a great chance that they're gonna run in the qualifying and, and, and the finals. Right. The only person that won't run and qualified is Gabby Thomas. But come finals time, if, if everything goes according to plan, Gabby will run third leg. Ma, Melissa Jefferson will lead it off. TT Terry will take the second leg. Gabby take third leg. She carry will run. Bring it home. Hey, hey, hey. Hello? I need to see some of them flag. You know them them black and green flag, yellow flag. Yo. You know, there, there you see that? Yeah. I I what you got up there for?


You ain't got no, you ain't got, Hey. Yeah man. Hey boy. Hey, they, hey. They were let, Hey, they were letting us have it yesterday, boy. Yeah. They were letting us have it even though, even though it wasn't a Jamaican woman that once, Hey, thank you. The fact that she was, it was a Caribbean. She's from the Caribbean. So Ocho it didn't matter. It didn't matter, boy. They were, they were letting us have it yesterday. Ocho you know what they're saying? Huh? Well, she was born in Jamaica. What the hell? I love it. I love it. Listen, the the friendly banter between the Jamaicans and the Americans when it comes to the hundredth come to the 200th. Man. It, it is, it's so refreshing to be able to have healthy discussions, healthy arguments, healthy debates.


Yeah. And to go back and forth. When, when, when someone win, when someone loses. It's, it's, no, it's, it's tough love. It's good love. But at the end of the day, listen, we all love each other. But right now, right now we got that goal. And, we should be able to pop our shit. We should, we should be able to pop our shit the same way y'all do. Was winning when Hue was winning all them years. Yeah. We, we ain't say nothing. Yeah. We ain't had no choice. We ain't had no choice but to take it. We Took it, man. They, they, they beat, they beaten and had the boo Booza going like it's all us saying Yeah, America. This little tiny country. You ain't about the size of New York. And. we blowing the doors off.


Y'all look at all the medals we win. Winning the men and women. Yeah. They sweeping the podium. Men and women. Nah, y'all ain't sweeping nothing. Yeah. What Jamaica known for? Hey, Mr. Prime Minister, you remember you had something to say Now I'm gonna need you to make Right. Yeah. Prime Minister of Jamaica. What the Prime Minister said? He was talking crazy. The Prime. I told him we had something for I Shit. Yeah man, they was talking crazy. Now I'm gonna need, you know what they known for in, what they got for in Jamaica Curry jerk. They know, but I'm talking about I need something that's transportable that y'all can get it over here to me.


What they got? What y'all got over Jamaica? I know somebody in Jamaica. What y'all know what, what are the Jamaica what, like plantains or something? What what they, what what, what's, what's transportable that I can get over to the state courtesy of Jamaica. Say the Prime Minister for talking. Huh? Talk to his friends. Yeah, Man. Yeah. And not at Jamaica too. They were talking too. Y'all ain't, y'all ain't getting no medal. Y'all, y'all done? Y'all done. And y'all said, Hey, see y'all thought y'all had something When in the semifinals, when Oblique beat no Lies, y'all didn't see no lies staring down. But see on June 2nd when Oblique beat him, he stared down. Noah Lyes.


Noah Lyes said, okay, I'm gonna take note of that. I seen, Seen in Paris. Hold that. Take notes. Noah Lyes smoked me. Smoke me. But we on that Jamaican Pac tonight. Yeah. On that Jamaica pack. We on that Jamaican pack jumped. Yeah. Brother, we on that pack Hard. Yeah. Hey wait, well they gonna be, Hey, hey, hey. Check this out. Hold. They gonna be mad at you. Boy. Oh yo. I'm so hyped. I'm so hyped right now. We got two giveaways tonight. The first giveaway, if you place an order for Olympic merch tonight, three random orders will, we've seen a signed bottle of La Porter.


That's right. I'm gonna send you a signed bottle of La Porter, courtesy of me and second giveaway. We're having night, we're having a giveaway on our most recent a Nightcap Post comment tag, no hater. And to follow 84 clothing to enter the giveaway, we're giving away a full Olympic capsule in that person's size. Yeah. Short and short in your size. Not the hoochie daddy shorts. They tried to get me in these go. Actually, these will actually fit you, but we got some Oh yeah. Tokyo Hold. Is that where the world championships are? Tokyo? I dunno. Y'all talking about Tokyo right around the corner.


We can what Month that end up running again. What month is that? The World Championships are next year, next summer. Okay. Okay. Okay. It's at the top of the chat. All you gotta do guys, go to the top of your, top of the chat and you'll see a Nightcap merch. We got it pinned at the top of the chat. Oh man. We got, Ooh, well, we put that thing on y'all. I don't even wanna go to sleep. I might have, I might stay up. We about to do something. The last American to sweep the hundred and the 200. Yeah.


Was Carl Lewis back in 84. Noah Ali has a chance to do that. And they also wanted to relay that year. So Noah, you in. Ooh Noah, you in, you in great company. Boy, if you could pull this double off right here. And a whole lot of guys can ever say they done the double Usain Bolt, Carl Lewis. I can't think of a whole lot of others. That's Jesse Owens. Mm. Let that sink in. Think about the company you're gonna be in. If you were to pull this double off. Jesse Owens, Carl Lewis, Usain Bolt and Noah Lyes. I think no, when this gold is double off, considering the world championship, I, it's gonna be hard pressed for me to say there's a, a, a better American male sprinter in the history than Noah Lyes.


I know us early. I don't wanna put the card before the horse, but guess what? I'm starting to hit him up how I'm starting to hit him up. How, how Old is brother? How old him brother Noah? What? How old Noah? Like 27. I think he's 27. Okay. Okay. Damn. That's dope, man. That that, that, that was a great feeling. That that was a great feeling. Boy. Hey, the hype, the anticipation before the race, man. Yeah. I, I got, I'm, I'm nervous. I ain't even out there running. I'm sitting, oh, And, we got some, I forgot Ocho I forgot about my guy. Grant Holloway. Oh yeah, he just got the, a casual 1301 right now. The it, it's a who do for me?


It's a toss up right now between Paul and Michael Johnson as the greatest American sprinters. You look at Mike back to back, he's done something no other man has ever done. Back to back 400 meter titles. I think he's the three time world champion former record holder and the hundred and the two, excuse me, the 400 and the 200. He did both. I mean he, Michael gets a lot of credit credit, but Valerie Briscoe Hooks did it first. She did it in 84. Michael did it in 96. And if I'm not mistaken, ma Marie per from France, she did it right in 2000 where she did the double. She was a two time, if I'm not mistaken. I think she's a two time 400 champ also.


But anyway, Noah Lizza is about to be in great company. He's gonna be on the short list. If he's not the greatest, he's gonna have a, he's gonna have a seat at the table with Carl Lewis and Michael Johnson as far, who is the greatest sprinter. And he's, they can't add anything else to their legacy. Let's just say for the sake of argument, he goes and wins a world title in the 200. Now that'll be four world titles in the 200. He gets another world title. That'll be two in the 100. And he's an Olympic champ in the hundred meter. It's gonna be a short conversation because the thing was Carl, Carl was a four time Olympic champ in the long jump.


Two times in the a hundred meters. I think he won two gold medals on the relay. And he won the 200 meters in 84. And he got the silver medal in eight, silver medal in 88. If I'm not mistaken. I think Joe de Lo won that one. But I, I don't wanna talk about Nor Lyes. All I wanna talk about is nor ly I wanna talk really just, just about Noah Lyes. I don't wanna bring nobody else until the conversation. If you ain't talking about Noah Lyes, ask me anything. I wanna start a trivia until the Olympics zone. We gonna have something trivia about Noah Lyes. How much does he weigh? How tall is he weigh from? What's his favorite all thing? Noah lie.


Oh man, I I look good. Talking about, talking about oh nine seven is slow compared to you saying, but you saying wasn't running. He wasn't running. I wasn't Was it slow to Shane? Was it slow to o lik Seville, let's talk about the people that were running. Don't talk about I don't want, look, see, here's the thing that's just like saying, well, Bernard or Nat or or Elon Musk, they're not the richest man in the world. John d Rockefeller, if he was alive, he'd have a trillion dollars. A Manus the great Kings of Africa to own it.


No, no, we not doing that. Yeah. When they put the list out, the world's richest man. Ain't nobody saying John d Rockefeller, nobody saying man Musa, nobody said the Rothchild family. They named one of those guys. So what we're not gonna do, Jamaicans, because you lost y'all some so losers. And I told you I'm a so winner. Y'all think, oh, oh, I have a old one tonight. I told you this day was coming. I told you every dog has this day. And since I'm 250 pounds, I'm a big dog. I'm gonna have multiple days. Yeah. I'm gonna be insufferable. They say, you know Ocho, I ain't gonna tell the true story.


Ocho, they talking about, man, once Shannon got a little money and he became somebody, he became insufferable. Right. I say, you a lie. I've been insufferable ever since I've been on this earth. I've been insufferable and I'm about to be more insufferable now. I need y'all to talk to me right now, Jamaica. Come on in here. Y'all not good. Don't say that close. Y'all not good. Y'all hurting right now. You're hurting and I feel your pain, but I'm here for it. I got salt and alcohol to pour your wounds. I ain't bandaging your ass up. I'm gonna hurt. I gonna put some salt and alcohol in those wounds though, Joe. That's what I'm here for now. What that what y'all gotta say now? What? What? Y'all better hope Hansel Parchman come through.


Kyra McMaster come through because they gonna be looking real. Y'all, you know the hurdles. The only thing y'all got, I know y'all ain't about leave all this time since 2008. Yeah. Y'all been on the podium in the sprint. Yeah. McLeod, I think he won the Olympic gold in the, the hurdles. Parchman won the gold. I mean, we know what you say. One year y'all swept the podium and then y'all had all these great sprinters. Shelly Ann, Elaine Thompson, Harron Stewart, y'all had all them in Jackson. Yep. Yeah, y'all had all them. Now what y'all about to go home empty hand, empty?


Nothing. Nothing. I'm that like dollar Bill. Get nothing. They get nothing. Nothing Get comfortable. Nothing. Hell no. There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu. Plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers.


Only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com. Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals at earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags. For eligible items from Stouffers, you join them Kraft mac and cheese and mission tortillas for easy prep dinners. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details. Hey, it is Ryan Seacrest. There's something so thrilling about playing Chumba Casino. Maybe it's the simple reminder that with a little luck, anything is possible.


Chumba casino.com has hundreds of social casino style games to choose from with new game releases each week, play for free anytime, anywhere for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Join me in the fun sign up now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW group void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply. Yo, we all good? We good? Y'all wanna talk about what y'all wanna talk about? I mean, y'all wanna talk about Noah allowable the 500, the 5,000 of a second is the closest race since Athens in 2004.


Noah time nine, 7.84 in the men's a hundred meters of personal best. That's his personal best. Remember he just ran 9, 8 1 a couple of weeks before the Diamond League meet. He's the third American to pull it off this a millennium. Justin Galland and Maurice Ging. Now he aims for Carl Lewis phase one, which is his, which was the, the weaker of his events. Now he goes to his strong suit, which is the a hundred meter. So 200, 202 oh the 200 meter. Excuse me. And if he can do this, Carl Lewis was the last American to pull off the double in 1984. The last sprint double by American, the 1996 with call, excuse me, when Michael Johnson did the two four double in Atlanta.


Oh, let's go. Boy. Don't allow. I just want you to know everybody back in America, we're extremely proud of you because you restored order. Now we got a new Lord. Now we got a new, new sheriff in town. You sheriff in town. And. we arresting everybody that tried to take our throne. So don't let no allow. See, at sunset, We take a yin. No allow King of the hill. 8 billion people. The fastest man in the world. Let that sink in. Yeah. The fastest man in the world.


That's us. Yeah. Shoot. We us, We, Y'all better hurry up, Jamaica. Hey, it ain't looking promising in the world championships either because Shelly Ann's retired. Shaka 30. Now the likelihood of y'all having two elite runners that run well latent until their thirties. She, Carrie Rich is only 24. Melissa Jefferson about that same age. TT Terry might be that same age and you know, and Sid, what, 25?


We in, we in, we in good hands like Allstate for a minute now. Yeah Man, We in, we in good hands like Allstate for a minute. And, we just had the high Hey And, we got the, the young kid up in Maryland that just ran 44 20 16 in the 400 meters. We just had a high school kid from Florida run three sub 10 seconds. He in high school. It's gonna be beautiful. It's gonna be beautiful. Yeah, it is. It is. It is. It, it feel real. Feel real good.


We didn't do too well in the women's high jump. The, the world record holder from Ukraine, she won few misses. Nicola o Schlager from Australia. She got the silver. I don't even want to Oh, okay. Ukraine got the, got the bronze also. So basically the, the podium's gonna look like Ukraine in Australia because Ukraine got the gold. Australia got the silver and Ukraine and Australia tied for the bronze. People are asking me, hold on. People are asking if the order right before I announce anyone that places an order on our Olympic merch tonight is eligible. Three random orders will receive the signed bottle of Shea by La Poitier.


So if you placed an order today on the Olympic merch, yes, you are eligible team USA closes group play with its 58th consecutive win in a dominant comfortable win over Germany. Jackie Young finished with a team high 19 points on seven to 13 shooting, including five of eight from behind the arc. Breonna Stewart had 13. Asia Wilson had 14 And. we mentioned Jackie Young had 19 and it was a dominating performance from start to finish. Yeah. We out rebounded them. Didn't shoot a whole lot of free throws. Neither the team did. We were eight for nine. Nine. They were six for eight. But we moved to the what's the quarter finals now.


Right. So we move up to the who do we play in the quarters? Yep. I mean, we, we moved to quarter finals. We, we still have two players with no points, but still nothing to worry about, huh? Because we really have any, we really don't have anyone over there to, to test us or contest us. Or if we do, they'd have to be so efficient from the field. And I think the ladies would raise their level of play anyway for sure. If that would've, if that, if that that were to happen. So I mean, I'm not, I'm not really worried about, you know, Tara Rossi and, and, and Ms. Gray really not. Okay. Having any points. I think we gonna be all right. Ocho check this out. Yeah. Nigeria made history for Africa one day after South Sudan men basketball team became the first African, first ever African team to advance to an Olympic quarterfinals.


Oh. The one Nigerian women have accomplished defeat their 79 70 victory over Canada has guaranteed them a spot into the knockout round. USA plays Nigeria. On Wednesday, if I'm not mistaken, one of the Nigerian players went to Savannah State. Really? I think the guard went to Savannah State. Yeah, that's what we do. Okay. See our motto at Savannah State? You can get to anywhere from here. Mm. World stage media. Doesn't matter. NFL you can get there anywhere from here. College by the CI Like that. I'm gonna steal, I'm gonna steal that Do baby. I'm gonna steal that.


Bobby Finks victory in the 1500 meters saved the day for the US team with the first and only individual gold medal for a US male swimmer in Paris. The men were on the, the Olympic team. Men were on the cusp of being shut out for, for the first time in what, 120 years? It was gonna be a since 1904. Bobby Fink saved the day. So Bobby And the US men lose medley. Relay. For the first time ever, they had won 10 consecutive gold medals. Ocho Yeah, sorry. The Chinese, the China chased them down and won the gold medal. Yeah. Kudos to, kudos to China.


I know. Great job. Hey Benjamin mean look, I I I know it hurts because Ocho you don't wanna be the one to look to break the streak. Yeah. Think about UCLA streak that they had in women's basketball or women's Yukon's, women's basketball, basketball where they won a hundred and something games. You don't wanna be the one. No. But eventually you do something long enough, somebody gonna get you. Yeah. And, and, and in sports, when you are a team, it's kind of hard for you to retire. You can't, an individual can retire. Like he retired. Rocky Mar said the Floyd Mayweather, they retired unbeaten untied. But when you're on a team, you have to keep playing.


Eventually somebody gets you. Yeah. The United States women relay of Reagan Smith, Lily Key, Gretchen Walsh Walsh and Tory Husk dominant in the four four by 100 medley relay, they win by more than three seconds. Setting a new world record in the process. That's the eight gold, that's the eighth gold medal in these games for the Americans in the pool clenching the battle for the most gold over Australia. Who finished with seven Women? Y'all got that thing done, baby. Y'all got it done Now. Day nine ocho We are tied with China for the most gold medals. 19. But we blowing, we blowing everybody outta the water with the metals.


Yeah. The only, we're 26 clear of China. Yeah, we're at 71. They're at 45. France got a big boost. They're at home. 44 Australia has 31 Great Britain, 34 South Korea, 24 Japan. 24 Italy, 22 Christian Faulkner Stuss with Olympic Gold and the women's road race ending a 40 year American drop. You. The last time an American won was Connie Carpenter. Finney played Finn in 80. Yeah. Connie Carpenter Finney. When she in la Wait, you said, is she from Finland or Finney?


No, C Kristen Faulkner. She's the last, she's the first American to win. Right. And the road race since 1984. When Connie Carpenter Finney. Oh, That's na that's her last name. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. I wonder is that her husband, Davis Finney? Is that her husband? I think her husband was a famous cyclist also. Hey, you, you know what I watched today That, that I enjoyed what it was like kayaking. Kay kayaking slalom. Like they, they drop down, they drop down about 12 feet. Think about 12 feet. And it's a race, similar type, like a lot of obstacle course you gotta go around a little buoy.


It was dope. Connie Carpenter, I think David Fey is her husband or was how, you know, OI ocho You know what, I, I shouldn't have this use to this knowledge, man. I really shouldn't, but I do. Right, right. Because I never know what it's gonna come in handy. Right? Kristen Faulkner didn't start cycling until after school at Harvard in 2021. She quit a job as a venture capitalist to pursue it. She wasn't even supposed to race today until a teammate resigned. She's now the first American to win goal in for you. You see how when God has something for you, Ocho Oh yeah. You see how when God got it for you Can't, can't nobody take that from you and you never, and listen, the funny thing about it, when he has something for you, you never know when it's coming.


You never know when it's coming, when you least expect it. Matter of fact, right? When you get ready to, to give up and you done all right, always. You see when God got something for you, he'll just move everything. The teammate resigns your teammate says, I, I, I'm, I'm, for whatever reason I'm hurt. I don't feel step push it aside. When God got something for you, can't nobody block it at all. Nobody, Nobody. Congratulations Christian Farner job well done. Quit her job. But you gotta have faith that, you know what? She's a venture capitalist.


She's stepping out on faith. That's the unknown. That's the unseen. See the Bible? God says like, look, God says if, if, if you trust me, I'll show you. Man says, show me and I'll trust you. Come On Now. See the difference between the two. Come on now. Well, when God got that for you, ain't nobody going, ain't nobody Going nowhere now. You know, I ain't finna let you get away with that one. Oh no. Oh, you know I ain't gonna let you get away that man. Bring it. Come on. Come on. We bring that to me one more time. You say, God, God said, trust me. And I'll show you. Man says, show me and I'll trust you. You see the difference between the two? You gotta show a man before he trusts you. God, ask you to walk on faith and then I'll show you.


Shoot. Man, we did that. That's That good word right there. Boy. Man, I'm so happy about Noah Lyes. Did I tell y'all, hold on. Back, back to the top of the program. Noah Lyes is the fastest man in the world. He won't a hundred meter dash over. The invincible, the unbeatable Shane Thompson of Jamaica. In a spectacular photo finish. 9, 7, 8, 4 to 9, 7, 8, 9. The world bow down to the greatness of Noah Lyles. Thank you, sir. Appreciate that. I appreciate you Noah, for restoring law and order.


See y'all. See, sometime I think the Jamaicans forget. They make it seem like they've been on this run since the 1980s. Since the 1970s. Y'all had a bro. Do y'all know how many champs do we have in the hundred meters? Yeah. Do y'all know how many? Stop it now We had to restore order. Now we back get to our normally scheduled program. Simone Bowes has a request to report us an interview Us. You guys really need to stop asking athletes what's next after they win the medals at the Olympics. Let us soak it up. Let us soak up the moment. We've worked our whole lives for this. Yes. You know, media be messy.


They, they be nosy. They wanna know what your plans are. What's next? Hey, most of the time, you know, I mean you probably have a a inkling on what it is you want to do from that point because it's something you thought about even while you're doing it. Because you, you think about in processing. You know what, after this, what am I going to do next? Or maybe in the next four years, do I wanna put my body through the strenuous regimen to compete in 2028 in la? I mean, at times they know. But it ain't the media business. Especially right after a competition. No, especially right after competing. But you know, the media they gonna add, they gonna ask whatever. Now that that's, that's always been, I don't want to use the word protocol, but you know how they do.


Yeah. Because everybody want, everybody want to get, They wanna be first. Yes. They wanna be first to be able to, to say, this is what so and so is doing. Right. This was their Yeah. They everybody wanna be first. I can't wait. I can't wait to watch. Oh, Joe, I can't wait to race Bobby Fink. Oh, what happened? And they say no lives came back there saying don't worry about a saying. Every little thing gonna be all right. That what he say. We played his headset in the warmup area. Yeah. Marley say, yeah. What he listening to Real Don't worry Thing. Every Little thing. Yeah. That what he said.


Alright. And he say, you know what he want? He say, guess what? He guess what he had for his, his celebration meal. What? Pasta. I'm just telling. That's, that's what I'm reading the reports. I mean, I don't know if it's true or not, but they say that's what that man had pastora. Hey boy, you here boy, boy, you here. Shoot. Oh, I forgot Scottish Scheffler. Shoot a 62 on the final day to win the gold medal in golf.


Congratulations, Scotty. You know what I'm saying? Hey, you know, we dj, we the best. All we do is win, win, win. No matter what We the best I need, I need, I need, I need to get in touch with Bobby Fink, Man in, in the word of college. And another one Chat. Somebody get me in touch with Bobby Fink. Man, something. The Volume. Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood?


That's a really long time to perfect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Myers smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy. You know that feeling when You walk into your home. Take a deep breath, ah, and feel new. Well, that's what it's like to use Clorox tiva because Clorox tiva smells like coconut, cleans like Clorox and feels like energy.


It'll elevate any cleaning routine to not just clean, but also make every room smell like a tropical coconut getaway. Discover how Clorox cent viva's powerful, clean, and refreshing scents can transform your space, get yours in coconut or other fabulous scents at a nearby retail store. ODU is business management made so simple, a kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs, but odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use ODU because they save you money.


Ooo, makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@ooo.com. That's ODO o.com. Good job. Thanks.