
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources, they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music, and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.


$1.4 billion in NFL quarterback contracts. The untold stories behind the biggest deals in football history. I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series, the co-host Brian Murphy. Athletes first, CEO and I are sitting down with the agents who have negotiated contracts for Justin Herbert, Deshaun Watson, Dak Prescott, Tua Tonga, Viola and Jordan Love. Listen to Athletes' First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume.


This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdown is key to hosing Vince Lombardi Trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at Draft King Sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bes instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking Sports book. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dkg.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Wolf Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


So the team that the Kansas City Chiefs will face in the Super Bowl are the Philadelphia Eagles. Yeah. As they crushed the Washington Commanders 55 to 23 setting a new record for the most points scored in the NFC championship game. It's the fifth time the Eagles have made the Super Bowl. Yeah. And their second appearance in the last three years, Kyle Shanahan said Krisa McCaffrey suffered a potentially season ending c Well Non-con or whether it previously when he got tripped up. You think it happened briefly? IIII They showed they showed that play. But you knew as soon as like Yeah, that knee buckle when he took off you could see that knee buckle and then he like gave himself up So you knew something.


I was like, damn, did it, did it did Achilles did the cal go? But Kyle Shanahan just said his press conference. Christian McCaffery suffered a potentially seasoned Indy. It's over. Is it, it don't make any sense. The same leg, was it the same leg That he just had? The The, I think it is, I think it was his right. What you call it Plan. I think it was his right one. No, he had a, he had a calf injury that led into his Achilles and, and the thing ocho and you know, the thing is, is that I, what do we say all the time if you limp into the season? I, yeah. Oh, you limping out of it. How do you gonna gonna get healthy during the season? It's impossible. The, the number one thing with anybody have surgery or anybody have an injury, what do they tell you?


The most important thing? Ocho rest. How you gonna get rest? They working the dog crap outta you. Listen, they, they, they Do. I'm just saying They can only, it really that simple only take you so much because in order to get you back to the playing speed and get you acclimated to game tempo, you gotta put some type of work. You gotta put some type work because once they put you out there, you gotta Put that work in. Bullets are Firing. Hey, them boys moving them, them boys are Moving and they can do, Damn. I'm, I'm, I'm sad. I'm sad. I'm sad For him. Josh Allen's next touchdown will make Buffalo Bill's history with his next touchdown rushing or passing Allen will become the bill's all time leader in touchdown.


That's dope for passing. The great Jim Kelly Allen has been the best quarterback since, has been the best quarterback in December since 2020. In that span, he's first in total touchdowns passing the touchdowns and wins. That's live. That's live. Look, I hate it. I hate 'cause the Broncos could have had him. Yeah, the Broncos should have drafted him. And if I'm not mistaken, they drafted Bradley Chubb to pair with Von Miller. Two outside linebackers. You can keep Vaughn and get a quarterback. You gotta have that guy. You gotta have him. I don't care how many grit of defense is, you better have a quarterback.


You Think maybe they didn't like what they saw coming at Wyoming, right? No. Am I wrong? Yeah, I think small sample size too, if I'm not mistaken, huh? Yeah. You know, sometimes, sometimes sometimes Scouts miss Sometimes you overthink it, don't you? I mean, you took, you took Ross Sauce Waller, you take packs the Lynch, you're taking guys like that. Guys that are not e even if you just say, you know what, he's not the most accurate. His ability to run the football. That's what makes a, you talking about a man that's 250 pounds that can run, like he can run.


Matter Of fact, whatever, whatever discrepancies you might have with his game. Especially from a a throwing standpoint. Throwing standpoint. Oh, we could work on that. We could work on that. Yes. At look at the foundation. Look at the foundation he had. And he had The arm you had to work with and build with you. You could, you could take it from there. That's, That's All from there. Don't look how he's turned out in Buffalo. He he has the arm. Because in order to play in the state Buffalo, you gotta have an arm because guess what, the Jets they play outside New England. You play outside. So you put him in Denver, get you outside. Kansas City is outside. You really need arm because a lot of the teams that you're gonna potentially face Kansas City outside, outside Baltimore, outside the Steelers, outside Buffalo outside.


So your quarterbacks are gonna have to be able to deal with the elements because in those central stadium, not only does it get cold, the wind blows. So you might have, oh, So you might have snow gust and bone. Bone. Crutching, crutching cold. I'm talking about 10 below, 15 below with Gust up to 20, 30 miles an hour. I sure wish we'd have drafted him, but we not gonna get him down because Buffalo let him go. We not getting But I like old Bo. Yeah, Bo Hey Bo playing Well We got old Bo Bo playing real well. Very well for a rookie.


I'm not sure if it's Bo Nicks or I don't know, or if I'm not sure. It's the Quarterback Whisperer and Sean Peyton. But somebody doing something right over there. I don't care what it is. Just keep on winning. I'm gonna give you some more buddy. Hobo Hobo. Yeah. You know they gotta play at Bengals, right? Don't you worry about that. You were, you got, don't you got fish and fry tomorrow? Who y'all play tomorrow? Damn. Who do the Oh, we play the Steeler. We finna win that game. We play the Steelers. Oh Yeah, that's m We we play the Steelers. Can y'all see that Chad l We we play, we play the Steelers.


You won't, you won't bet nothing LL You won't bet nothing I asked Y'all about to be. Aren't aren't you? You owe me so much money now, man. Damn. Listen, Whatever I owe you, I'm gonna pay you. When we get to the tour in February in, in Su at Super Bowl, Dak defended, Mike McCarthy said, I wholeheartedly believe in him. Dak thinks McCarthy deserves another contract. He also said he would help McCarthy. McCarthy if it, if he had more influence on the team's development. But McCarthy said he's confused by Dak comments. According to Clarence Hill, the Cowboys, cowboys, coach McCartney said he had the most input he's ever had as head coach.


Oh Lord, that Mercy coach compared to Green Bay. He is not sure what Dak meant by needing him influence on his terms. We know Mike McCarthy does not have you don't have No power. Thank you. He don't have no pull. He's a head coach and title only For those that understand the game of football. For those who know about when it comes to being the coach of the Dallas Cowboys o organization. But that's Stoney helmet. There's one person that runs a show and is not the head coach. Yeah. And it's always, it's always been that way. You have no pull and you know exactly what Dak meant by the words that he said. Yes. And I'm not, I'm taking Dak what he said with a grain of salt because guess what he said he wanted Scott Lenahan. He said he wanted Kelly Kelly Moore.


He said he wanted Jason Garrett. He said he wanted this one and he wanted that one. Yeah. So what's he supposed to say? Nah, I want Mike mc, I want another head coach. I want another play caller. Of course he's gonna say all the right things because if you go back and check his track, track record ocho, he said the exact same thing about every offensive coordinator, about every head coach that he's had. Yeah. I mean you have to, you have to. He has to be pc. He's a quarterback. He's the face of the franchise no matter what. So he has to say all the right things. It's not like he gonna come out and go against, you know, his his head coach. I mean come on Mike. No, and no and no it shouldn't. But I'm saying for him to say, Mike, lemme ask you a question. Do you have any say on the final 53?


Do you have any say in free agency? Do you have any say in the draft? So if that, if that's the case. So I'm just trying to figure out what do you mean You have some say. Wait, didn't he say he had more say, more control and more say than we, than he had in Green Bay? Yeah, I disagree. Maybe, maybe Ocho maybe at the end, maybe at the end. He didn't have the same amount of say. But it's hard for me to believe throughout his entire tenure that he had more say in Dallas, that he had in Green Bay. You know what that get right? Huh? Tribe. That's what, that's what that get, you know, damn well Stop playing. Well see now by saying that, you know, you take some of the owners off Jerry.


So we can't blame Jerry fully. So Jerry could say, oh, see, he went out there and said that he had some say, let's get his ass up outta here. 'cause we losing Brock Purdy reportedly seeking a contract. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. He don't at top Of the quarterback market million a year At all. But go ahead. All I know is I ain't getting him nowhere near no 50 million. I'll give you one of them more. 35, 40 million. What you think he gonna say? What you think he gonna say to that? No. Okay. Play on, play on a guess what, What On, we'll put you on a, what you call it for two years. Oh, he gonna bet on hisself like Kirk cousin then?


Yes. Okay. Let him bet every, you always hit a story of everybody bet They don't. Where They lose. What about them snake eye stories. There's a reason why those windows don't open in Vegas. You notice that Ocho you in the you in the casino, don't none of them rooms open. Those windows don't open, do they? You, you ever asked yourself Talk, talk why These rooms don't open? I wanna give some fresh air Talky talk. You ain't finna take the easy way out. Hey, you know what? They might be stuck. Hey, they might, they might have no choice but to pay Purdy because listen, you don't wanna pay him Woody worth or what the market says.


He should be paid. Where else you going at the quarterback position? You have no one to replace them. You don't have no choice. I'm not paying him no. $50 million. Listen, They had a choice not to pay Daniel Jones. Yes you did. Right Choice. Okay. What, what did, what did they pay? What did Tampa, what did Tampa play? Baker Mayfield. Nah, 40. Okay. Okay. 33 3 years hundred. He to have a a a a Baker Mayfield type contract. Okay. Okay. Okay. That yeah. That's feasible. That's feasible. Yes. I'm not sure he's, he would even complain about that. He would. I'm not giving him no 50 million. That ain't happening. I don't know. That quarterback position is very, very, very, very important.


And sometimes if you want it bad enough, you will overpay for It. This no MVP is not over. It is not over. And that's why I always advise people. And I used to vote for a decade. I had a vote, right? I voted for the MVP. I voted for the first, the, the AllPro team. I voted for the awards. O So, you know, offensive player of the year defense and so forth and so on. And I waited till the very, and I took it serious. And I wa obviously, you know, being in the studio, you get an opportunity to watch all the games. I ain't just watching highlights. I'm watching. 'cause that's why I felt very comfortable. I took it serious. I'm not just going by, excuse me guys, I'm not just going by names because I think the, the All Pros team is serious.


Yeah. Because you're talking about the best players regardless of conference. So I'm just not your name. Your name means nothing. Nothing At all. I'm, I'm basing on play that year. I'm not trying to take away the, the, the AllPro teams that you got selected on before. That's not what I'm trying to do. But if I don't feel you're deserving of that, that that honor this year, I'm not voting for you. It's really that simple. Yeah. But Lamar and I said this, I said, well, y'all gotta look at Lamar's stats. I mean, McMahon has 37 touchdowns, four picks, and then you throw in his Russian total. So he's 40 touchdowns with like six or seven turnovers.


You look at his, you look at his passing numbers. That's what Aaron Rogers was doing when he was winning MVP. Right? Throwing 40 plus touchdowns with single digit interceptions. Yeah. That's what he's doing. Now I do think, and and you could correct me if I'm wrong, they like, but hold on. He got a guy that's rushed for 1600 yards in his backfield. Mm. So, so what, what, what are we gonna do with that? Right? And so I think, I think that, you know, it, it, it, his numbers are his numbers. Now, right now, if you, if I had a vote, I probably would vote for Lamar, Right? I I I would, I would, I would vote for Lamar ha Has your vote, would is your vote swayed because of the performance that Josh Allen ha Josh Allen had?


Yeah. Just play. Well just like it was sed just like it was swayed when Lamar and them lost. And he didn't just like, it was swayed when he played against Pittsburgh. Remember he didn't play well, right? This week he came back and he played better. And you look at the last couple weeks, Josh Allen had like 10 touchdowns in two games. How can it not? But we gotta be fair. We gotta evaluated on what we see. They got two games left. I do believe Lamar Jackson can win. It'd be interesting to see. I bet those odds for Josh Allen winning the MVP ain't what they started today. I bet you that. What are the odds now? Well, he started at 900 today, right?


I think he started at minus 900. You know what I don't like, I don't like the fact that when it comes to the MVP award, it's an individual accomplishment. But when it comes to what's necessary to win it, as far as the team success as well, they take that into account as well. But if we were talking about MVP from a statistical standpoint and stats, I look at Joe Burrow and always ask myself, well, why is he not in the conversation? And then everyone says, well, the team itself is losing, so therefore he's not in the, you know, he's, he he's Not. Yeah. I mean, he, I mean he go, I mean, there's a chance. I mean, he doesn't make the playoffs. You never gonna get the MVP on the guy that didn't make team, didn't make the playoffs on.


Right, Right, right. Un Understandable. But now, and that's the thing. I think Joe has had a phenomenal season. Now, had they have a, had they had a record similar to Lamar's or they had a record similar to Josh Allen. Right? We Have a case now. We got a, we got a whole different discussion. Yes, yes. But I mean, the guy MVP and the guy was, what is they? He's seven and eight. Could be really tough. I I know, I know it's tough. But, but again, that's why I just said how the goalposts move when it comes to discussion on a, on a, on a trophy that's based on individual accomplishment and accolades on what you've done individually. Right. You know, so using the team success as a reason why you can't be in the conversation, it throws me off just a tad bit.


Because At the end of the day, what does those stats means if you're not winning? Because it, it at the end, and this is what I used to argue with, with, with my co-host, my partner on first on undisputed. I said, still a stat award. You're not gonna, if you go 15 and oh and you got 3000 yard passing and another guy goes 10 and six and he's got 5,000 yard passing and 40 touchdowns, right? And you got 3000 yards and 20 touchdowns, you're not winning that award. Go back and look, look at all those years Drew Brees was throwing for 5,000 yards. How many MVPs did he win You?


Right? Yeah. It's a stat award. But I need, I need those stats to equate the wins, Right? So if I'm piling up a bunch of stats OCHO and I ain't getting no wins because people go like, oh, bro, yeah, yeah. Well hell you behind all you doing this you stat pad, right? Because none of those numbers goes towards wins, right? And like I said, y'all don't believe it. Go back and look at Drew Brees and look how many, I think he got four or five, 5,000 yard passing season. But when you lose it, how can I give you an award like that? Because your stats doesn't equate to wins. Lamar's stats is equating to wins. Jerry Goff, although he doesn't have, I mean, he had an outstanding day, day today.


You look at a Josh Allen, his numbers equates to wind, right? Saquon, his numbers equates to wind. But I think the only thing that's really hurting Lamar is that he got a 16, almost a 1700 yard rush in his backfield, right? Who's averaging five and a half yards of care. He's got 13, 14 rushing. Well, honestly, when I think about it, go ahead. You know, chat, chat. Y'all might not like this and unc might not like this. I mean, Joe Burrow hasn't been in the conversation for MVP All season long because of our record. Yes. Right? Correct. But these last two games, these last two games, after we beat the Broncos on Saturday, I'm telling you right now, I'm, I'm letting you know right now, you know Patrick c Jr.


You gotta deal with Jamar Chase and t Higgins. So at Bo Nicks ain't nothing. You gonna get nixed. That's what's gonna happen. Well, I think, I think y'all, We we, we gonna go into Pittsburgh the following week. We gonna win that game. And then when we make it and we, we have an opportunity to go into the playoffs because the football guys happen to bless us, that that MVP conversation gonna have to change. They're The only, there's a good chance Ocho, they gonna hurt y'all, beat the Broncos and then lose the final game of the season. It gonna hurt. That's gonna hurt. Ooh, that gonna hurt OCHO so bad because I know you gonna be happy. Oh, what I tell you. Okay, I told you Yeah. And y'all lose that la ooh, but that think gonna hurt.


That think gonna hurt. Like shot they say brand new shoes. It, it, it is, it is. And that, that would probably, that would probably be another moment that I would get emotional on camera. And I don't care who laugh and I don't care if they make me a meme because I still love and bleed and live the game of football.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. holmes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it and the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There Was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send The heart now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hard in me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this. Something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you, if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris, two-time Women's World Cup champion and goalkeeper for the US Women's National Team. In my new podcast Wide Open, I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey you guys. I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet. And I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season, I'm gearing up to make history competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events, starting at the Indy 500. Join me as I travel from racetrack to racetrack. In my quest to continue a memorable career in racing, I'm also gonna bring you inside stories with legends of sports, new faces from the next generation of auto racing and conversations with the people who've supported me throughout my career. We'll be getting into everything from karting to nascar, even Formula One, Whether you dream about being a pro athlete or an astronaut. And we're talking about what it takes to make it listen to throttle therapy with Catherine Leg and iHeart Women's sports production in partnership with Deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by El Beauty, founding Partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


The Michael Penix Jr. Will take over the starting quarterbacking job from Kirk Cousins. The number eight pick in the NFL draft. Pennix will make his debut as a NFL starter Sunday against the Giants in Atlanta. Raheem Moore said there was a football decision and we're fully focused on preparing the team for Sunday night game against the Giants Pennix Jr Brazil. He found out when he is getting Falcons, that he was getting the Falcons starting gig while shopping at Costco for hotdog. Do you like the move, Joe? I love it. I love it. Even with them still having an opportunity, I think they think they need to make a change. They need to make a change. Get that offensive spark, give that team a spark. I think it, it was smart by the coach to make the decision.


I'm excited to see what Pit can do. Obviously being somewhat of a dual threat quarterback as opposed to Kirk Cousins who was somewhat stationary and he has to play better. He knows he has to play better. The the last, what, four last two or three games. You, you can't, you can't play that kind of football. You just can't, you can't turn the ball over like that and put your team in harm's way and expect yourself to compete, let alone even have a chance at winning the game, playing the quarterback position. That goddamn bad. Like that was bad. That was very bad. I thought, I thought that he would like keep the job OCHO for the simple fact. There's still a game behind, but they're like, look, the Giants coming in.


It's either, it is, it's just as good a time as any Right. Make that change. But think about it, Kirk Cousins's gonna make $62 million this year. He's got another 32 million, 38 million coming in next year. That's guaranteed Either way. And I, they Well, yeah, they gonna bring it back. They gonna bring it back. But can you imagine sitting on the bench next year behind Penning Jr. Making Oh, they, no, no. You can't have, you can't have no, you can't have no guy making 38 million. Where the hell They gonna be at? They, what you gonna think? They, they gonna, they crazy. They can't, they can't, they can't cut him. You gotta tra you gotta try to trade him and you might have to take some of that salary on, but you can't have it There.


Okay. They have to pay most of their salary like the Broncos are doing with Russell Wilson in, huh? Yeah. I mean, I mean, where, where else do you see him fit then? Where else do you see where a quarterback is, is in they're in need, in dire need of a quarterback, especially with quarterbacks coming out the draft this year. The Giants, the Raiders, the Giants, the Raiders. There's two now. They're probably gonna be in the market to select one, but what's to stop them from, from the Giants and the Raiders? From doing what? The bronc what did draft the quarterback and then make Okay. Okay. Well that, that mean they would bring, that means they would be bringing Kurt in on a one year deal, if anything. Well, if you trade for 'em, you got a remaining deal.


I mean, it was a four year deal, like a hundred and something million, like $180 million for it was 45 million a year. Yeah. Now the question is Ocho, I mean, Cleveland needs a quarterback. I'm trying to think who else needs a quarterback? A C South. A c west LCE. Oh wait, wait a minute. Whoa. Wait, wait a minute. Wait. You talking about Cleveland needs a quarterback when Deshaun Watson comes back and he's and he from his injury, he will be the starter next year. So you, you know how much dead cap money that, you know, money that is guaranteed. Boy, They'll eat it if he ain't producing this dead cap money. Let's be real. We have real conversations here.


Yeah. If, if he's gonna only gonna give them the production that he's given them since he's been there. I Got you. I got you. I'm listen, I'm, I'm with you When you're right. Where's the value in that? Look, I, I just, I I I, I'm sur I'm gonna say I'm surprised, but it, it just goes to show you that they're this close and they'll game back. And if they beat Tampa, they, they, if they beat Tampa, let's just say they beat Tampa. They sweep Tampa. They got the same record. That means they win the division. Yeah. For them to beat this close and they make this move. It lets you know just how bad cousins were Play. Yeah. I mean, shit. Hell, god damn Ray Charles can see how bad Kirk Cousins is playing.


You can't turn the ball over like that and expect to win and compete. It, it is. I And the Titans need a quarterback too. Ojo the Titans. Oh man. Hey Unc. Hey, I feel sorry for Will Levis. Why I feel sorry for the Titans Span. Nah, I'm, I'm serious Because when you, when you look at, when you look at Young Bull man and you, you look at his, his makeup, you look at his DNA, his, his stature and, and when the eye test in general, you know, the arm strength and what he's able to do, you know, being able to run the ball as well. He looks like a Josh Allen. He doesn't play like one. He has all Yeah, he looked like Josh Allen. He played like Woody Allen.


It's time for me to go Coach Tyreek woke without punctuation. Dolphin fans panicked, wondering if he was telling Mike McDaniel if it's time to leave Miami. Well, Tyreek said today what I meant was when it say it's time for me to go coach, meaning that he wants to see you guys. Teddy Bridgewater, meaning what? When we see guys like Teddy Bridgewater, you see guys like Michael Big getting head coaching jaw. It's like, bro, I want to be a coach also when I'm done playing. You know what I'm saying? So that's all I made by that. Oh, it's time for me to go coach. Oh yeah, okay, okay. I get it. I get it. I get it. I get it. I get it. Yeah. That, that Rick, everybody ain't, ain't ain't cut out to be coach, bro.


Hey, listen, I I I love, I love Vic, I love Prime Eddie George, I love them boys. But to play a game all my life, all my life and understand what it took to get, to get to where I did and then retire and then go right back into that, you have to have a love and passion game. Oh yeah. And coaching and patience and under and understanding that no matter the amount of hours you put in, sometimes it's just not enough. You don't get the results based on the work you put in. Right.


I, I can't, I can't. I I couldn't, I couldn't do it. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I mean, I can see how people were thinking like, it's time you, man, it's time for me to go coach. And so he was saying, it's time for me to go coach in the literal sense. I need to go coach. I need to be a coach. I see big, I see Prime, I see others doing it. I wanna do that. Also. People, you know, look, Tyreek has not had the season that he had hoped for. Tour being out had a great, had impact on that. He's probably not gonna make, he's not gonna make the pro profile I don't think. Well, how close is it to a thousand yards?


I mean, it's gonna be a long time. I mean, he's gonna have to have go off. I mean, does he have six 700? Does he have 700 yards Receiving whore? I think he only has like one, maybe one or maybe one or 200 receiving yard games a year. Yeah. Has 8 0 5. You Know what, touchdown. So he's going, he needs, he needs 1 95 over the last three games. Yeah. He'll, he'll get that. And, and two of his what, four, five games, huh? Yeah. He'll get that. Yeah. But the, but the thing is Ocho, I mean, when you look at pro bowlers, I mean, the only two I can think of in the a c off the top of my head is Chase and Judy.


Yeah. Wait, when's the third though, right? It's a third. Well, you take four, but I'm trying to think. I mean, I mean, when we look at the a c we take, what's Nico College? How many yards did Nico College has? I think he missed a game. Yeah, He had a hamstring. I think he missed about three or four. If you go a c if you go, you got 8 49. I say, so Nico Collins, because how many touchdowns we have? Six. Okay. All, all them, all them gonna get, they, they gonna read it. Reach a thousand. They all right Chase. But the pro vote, by, I mean the pro about to be announced, but next week At and rere still, well, you know, at some point it used based on name alone, he might still get that nod.


Yeah, you might, might, Carolina had Sam Donald and they had Baker Mayfield. I don't know if y'all know, but Baker Mayfield got like four or five games where he throw four touchdowns this year. Now he threw five today with over 300 yards. Sam Donald threw three today he's thrown 35 touchdowns, which is the third most for, for for Viking. So I, I don't, so clearly, yeah, these guys can play given the right sort of circumstances. Now, look, right, they were devoid of talent. They didn't have this level of talent in Carolina. So you have to take, look, I'm not saying that it's all Carolina fault, but Mike, Evan and Chris Godwin, you look at what they got in Tampa now, even though Chris Godwin is going down, they still have quality receivers and they have a nice running game.


Right? You look at what they, what obviously, look at what Sam Donald's throwing too. He got Aaron Jones in his backfield. He got Hawkinson who's been a, who's been a Pro Bowl player. He's got Jetta. He's got Addison, right? He's got Naylor. I mean, look, he's got guys that he can throw the ball to, but it just goes to show you, I don't care without talent around you. Now you got some guys, now guys like a Mahome. Yeah. Or guys like a, some guys can, like Brady, they used to Elevate, could elevate, you know, not if you in the league you are good, but everybody is not gonna be a jetter. Everybody's not gonna be Randy Moss to and so forth and song. But what a, a, a great quarterback, like a Mahomes, he can elevate those guys playing.


Yes, sir. When you're not that level of player, you need guys to elevate your plate. And that's what the great skilled position players around you are able to do. Baker Mayfield has been, yeah, better since he got to Tampa that even when he was in Cleveland, because he got more talent around him. Sam, Donna was never gonna be this good in, in, in the Jets and at Carolina because he didn't have this level of talent around it. And so if you go out and sign a Sam darn look at what you have, do you have the roster that's equipped To help continue to elevate him? Because if you don't, he's not Mahomes, he's not Burrow, he's not Lamar, he's not Josh Allen.


That's not what he is. And I'm not finna sit here and tell you because he's having, and he's having an outstanding year. I don't, I I give credit what credits due. Right? But I don't look at him as a guy. That's a, a multiplier, right? That he, no matter who you put out there, Ocho, he's gonna make him times two. That's not what, that's Lamar that's, that's reserved for the top four or five quarterbacks in the league. That's not for him. Tier one Quarterbacks are your, are your elites that regardless to what you put around 'em, okay, they, you gonna get the job done or we get the job done. Then you have your, then you have your tier two quarterbacks, your tier two quarterbacks. Sometimes they need a little help. Now they're good, but they're not great.


Now you put some, you put some good receivers around 'em. Yes. But they can have a game where they, they can have a game or two where they are great you ride, but more times than not, you, you need to have that hedge around 'em to support 'em. Rock Bower's Record setting Day, pushing the Raiders to a win versus the Saints. The Raiders posted back to back wins. Yeah. For the first time this season with a 25 10 victory over the New Orleans Saints rookie tied in Brock Byers led the Raiders in receiving with seven catches 77 yards and set several records. Bowers selling NFL record for the most receiving yards by rookie tight end in a single season. And the most reception by rookie in a single season. Hold on.


The most reception by rookie in a single season in the, oh, in the second quarter, right? Is that what you're saying? Yeah, The second. Okay. In the second quarter. Okay. Bowers also set a, a Raider single season record for the most receiving yards by a rookie. And the most receptions, I mean the, what's the record? The most reception by Titan is Jason Whitten 116. Ooh. One 16. What? They were steal what? Because He has what, what does he have now? 108. Because I think Malik has like 106. He is right there on About Zach Ertz.


Okay. Zach Ertz has one 16. Brock Bowers has how many? 1 0 8 now. So he's nine catches away from breaking the record. Hey, all I know. I'm throwing in the ball. I'm throwing in the ball every day. I'm every day. Oh yeah. Oh, I forgot. Pastor Orain gonna get some votes too, because when he covered Jamar, chase had throw on what, six, seven targets. He had three catches for 27 yards to, against Csan. And when, when Ctan wasn't on him. What you call Joey, Joe Burrow hunting him. Well, hey, oh, you guard somebody else. Jamar, get Ready, get So c gonna get some, he, he's gonna get some bowls.


He good man. He real, Real. He, he good Joe. That's over force. Be that size to be that big. Yeah. They taught him, Hey, listen, to be that fluid to Yeah, he Tall, tall. He Like think through that great hips, great technique. He can play off. You can play, man. He's really good and always in position to make a play. Always in position to make a play. I got you some luggage. I got no more for luggage. That's just halff the baton to put all their stuff in to make sure they get it from corn to put On. Man, you listen, you, you ain't gotta do that. 'cause you know, matter Of fact, I What? Matter fact, I, I got something for you. I got something for you. Since, since you're talking sporty, right? Since you're talking Spoddy, I run Me my money.


I know that you ain't bitching up about my money. I owe you a thousand. Right? I you owe me a thousand on top of the three you already owe me. I don't, you run me my money. I'm back At 4,000 again. Sean lives, Okay. You was at three, but you, you see I told you I said Ocho. Okay. I don't wanna bet you. Listen, I don't wanna do this Ocho. I'ma I'm gonna give you money. I'm gonna give you my where you want, where you want me to give it to you at? You want me Zelle it to you? I can zelle it To you right now. No, Don, no, don't, no I it to you right now. As matter of fact. No, I wanna Pay my, I wanna pay my debt. You let you talk Joe. Huh? It's my turn now. I want $4,000, Right?


$4,000. How you it? Buffalo Niels. Right? Grand Buffalo. Niels. Hey. Huh? How you want, man? Come on man. For real. I want Buffalo, Niels. I Don't, I don't know what no. Buffalo Niels is. Don't worry about it. That's not your job. Go to the bank, go to the cashier and say you like 4,000 in Buffalo. Niels. Is There such thing? Whoa. I I'm just saying is, is there m Me like this before?


Oh, oh my gosh. I've never heard of anything called buffalo nickels. That's not a currency. That's not a currency here in the States. Can I please just ze you your money so I ain't got to hear nothing about it no more? Teddy says, no. Teddy Bear says, no, you cannot sell me my money. Or you gimme $4,000 in wheat pennies. Who? $4,000 in wheat pennies. What's what? What's a wheat penny? Whoa, whoa, whoa. You, you know what, what I'm noticing is you asking a lot of questions. Well, I'm asking a lot. Didn't write nothing down. I'm asking a lot of questions because down here in Miami, at Bank of America, at Chase, at Navy Federal, we don't talk, we don't know nothing about no wheat.


Pennies. We don't know nothing about. We don't know nothing about no Buffalo Nichols. I've never heard of these phrases. I Won Buffalo Nichols and I told you I don't have Cash App. So you can't, Zelle didn't need nothing. I didn't, I didn't even mention Cash App. Everybody has Zelle. Huh? I don't have Zelle. You, you have an iPhone, don't you? Yes. Okay. You got Apple Pay. I can Apple pay it to you then. I don't got no Apple Pay. I got OCHO Pay now. Run me my money. I'm trying, I'm trying to, I'm trying to pay you. You Talking about cheese, you keep on talking about what you got and all this right here. But of course of all, first of all, why you talking? Because you, you asked me questions. Talking, you asking, you asked me questions. Put your ass down before I make change.


Listen, yo, listen. I said don't, please. I said don't get up off me. I was down last week. I said, Ocho, come on Ocho, you got be, don't you say, but as a matter of fact, don't even make reference to a ball. I don't wanna hear you say soccer. I don't wanna hear you say basket because they use ball. I said, come on, Ocho. Yeah, man, we that. Nah. So now, boy, look here. But listen, you know, you, you, you a little, you a little too happy now. You very, very happy. You know who y'all gotta play in the first round? Huh? I, ill tell you, I'll tell you. Hey, you know who y'all gotta play in the first round, right? So I, I make sure, I'll make sure next week's episode when I bring some trash bags in here.


When I bring and I, and we break it down. Cancun on 3 1, 2, 3 Cancun. I don't want to hear nothing For the chat. I want you to say what you just said. You say, do you know who y'all play next week? Right? I want you to dial, I wanna know Ocho, who did the bingos play next week? Oh, So you happy, you happy we went home? Hold On, hold on. You think I take great pleasure in this? Let me ask, lemme ask you something. Lemme ask you something and it's for the people in the go ahead ask me if you are a Bronco fan. Are you that happy that we got a vacation a week earlier than you? That's it. That's all it is.


We got a vacation a week earlier than you. 'cause you gonna be home next week too. And I'm, I'm gonna help you pack, I'm gonna help you pack what you got? Hey, hey, listen. Hey listen. Hey one, hey, that's that boy right there, man. Nah, no. Whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. That's that. Why are you talking about my team? That's, that's that, boy. Now I'm not talking about your team. I'm talking about the individual that happened to play for your team team. I'm talking about the individual that happens to play for, for your team. Yeah. Hold on. He nice. I can't believe this man talking about somebody that plays in the blue and orange. No, no, no, no, no, no. Don't, as a matter fact, I'm embarrassed.


Don't do that. Don't do that. That your team has orange in their color. Hey, don't do that. I'm disgusted, George. This Why, why you want all la porter glass in some of that old shake off the counter? What you finna celebrate? Whoa, whoa, whoa. I'm just saying it's gonna be a, it's gonna be a short celebration. I don't know why you're celebrating. Can I ask you a question? Can I ask you a question? Yeah. Do you know who you guys are playing in the first round next week? Who? Y'all not. Okay. I understand that You scared to say the name. I don't like Buffalo. Okay. Okay. You know y'all playing at In Buffalo Am am Amway Stadium or whatever.


I think that's Name of it. Okay. Okay. I'm just making sure you know what Josh Allen finna do to y'all? He finna send you home packing. Okay? He finna send you home packing. How that make Whoa, whoa. How, how that make you feel. So you get and listen, you getting all hype, you happy, but you getting ready to go home Anyway next


week. So might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like, it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart now? Because I don't like the Color Edition. It's Extremely pink. Mm. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this. Something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you, if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris, two time Women's World Cup champion and goalkeeper for the US Women's National Team. And my new podcast Wide Open. I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments and the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey you guys, I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet. And I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season, I'm gearing up to make history competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events, starting at the Indy 500. Join me as I travel from racetrack to racetrack. In my quest to continue a memorable career in racing, I'm also gonna bring you inside stories with legends of sports, new faces from the next generation of auto racing and conversations with the people who've supported me throughout my career. We'll be getting into everything from carting to nascar, even Formula One, Whether you dream about being a pro athlete or an astronaut, and who we're talking about what it takes to make it listen to throttle therapy with Catherine Leg and iHeart Women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding Partner of iHeart Women's Sports,


The Cowboys Part Ways with Mike McCarthy. That's some bullshit. Oh, Joe, who that Dez Bryant signs off sounds off against the Cowboys coaching drama. This is what Dez tweeted. Dan Quinn turned it once, struggling franchise into a playoff contender and won his first playoff game until Dallas focused on winning instead of politics. Cowboys fans should not expect success soon. I'm telling you, this straightforwardly just as I always do. Yeah. Oh, Joe, who's gonna be the Cowboys next coaching? I Dunno know gonna be, I'm not sure. I'm not sure, but I just don't like the way Jerry operates. I don't like the way he operates. There was opportunity for Mike McCarthy to be able to interview for the Chicago Bear job.


You know, Jerry blocked that. He said, no, I'm thinking, well, if you're telling me no, Mike McCarthy should be upset. If you're telling me no, I can't go interview for the job, I'm thinking you're going to retain me and discuss a long-term contract at some point. What was the point of even doing that? Just to show that you're in control. Just to show your power. Just to, just to, Yeah, that's what it was. You knew he was ocho, he knew he wasn't bringing Mark Martin McCarthy back. But no, I'm not gonna let you interview with, I'm not gonna let you interview with the Bears on your timeline. It's gonna be on my timeline. What's the point? What, what? What's the point? We know you're in control. Control. We know you're the owner. We know that the season eight isn't even in and you're still making headlines based on your decision making.


That's at making absolutely no sense. Let the man go. You know, you didn't want him to begin with because if you wanted him, you would've paid him before the season even started, or paid him in season instead of, instead of allowing him to finish out his contract. Like, what? What are we doing? But here's the thing, remember when they lost, they lost a couple of times in the first round. They thought they kept Dan Quinn. Dan Quinn really stayed right, because he thought he was gonna get the job. Then off the side, Jerry kept bull driving, said, man, let me go out here and get me a job. You bull jiving. And guess what? Yeah, Bobby Wagner was available. He ain't had no blind backer like Bobby Wagner B Wag. Look at that.


Know that defense. No, Dan Quinn's defense. Now Kendrick's played well, yeah, but B Wags is a different animal. But see, Jerry is gonna be Jerry. He gonna hire a coach and then he gonna tell you who to hire. Well, this is gonna be your defensive coordinator. This gonna be your offensive coordinator. I have a question now ahead. I've seen reports I tweeted out earlier today. You know, I was just thinking just I, I just threw it out there like, you know, I ain't, I ain't talked to Prime, you know, I'm just thinking, well, let me see. Mike McCarthy's gone and I'm thinking about Prime, you know, obviously, you know, I'm not, not trying to disturb no trouble. And then as soon as I tweeted it, three hours later they go to reports. Jerry Jones reached out to Deon Sanders about the opportunity.


Deion saying he was, he was intrigued, you know, but he loves what he has in Boulder as far as his team and his roster. And I, I just, I I, I just listen. When an opportunity like that comes along, when an opportunity like that comes along, do you let it pass you by? Do you let it pass you by? I know Deon said I would love to coach my sons. I doubt probably, I'm not sure where Dallas is picking, but Shado sand is not gonna be there. He's not gonna be there unless they do something extra and climb the ladder. Climb the ladder, and go get, go get a quarterback. I, I doubt it. You know, they have that. I'm speaking hypotheticals, but I'm for the opportunity to actually coach at the highest level where you dominated, where you made your Hall of Fame career.


Man, do you really pass some up like that? What do you, what do you think? Oh, you do, But look, no Ocho look, we know Jerry. Jerry is, it's Jerry. Well, noway he feel. I heard Troy tonight said he don't believe the Cowboys job is as coveted. It's our profile, but it's not coveted. He says, because coaches can't become who they are and what they can't become because of Jerry. He says Dan Campbell is not gonna be Dan Campbell in Dallas like he is in Detroit.


Andy Reed would not be Andy Reed into Dallas like he is in Kansas City. That should tell, that should tell. Think about it, Jerry. You continue to do things your way because you want the credit. Sometimes you don't realize how great things can be if you don't care who gets the credit. But Jerry cares and therein lies his problem. He's always carried. That's why he fired Jimmy. He won't ever admit it. It drove him crazy that everybody missing Jimmy, and he got no shine. So he fired a man back. Let that sink, Chad, let that sink in for a second. 'cause I don't think you guys realize what, what I'm about to say here. He fired Jimmy after back to back Super Bowls, and his oldest superstar was Michael Irving at 28 years of age.


His oldest superstar was 28 years of age, and he fired it. Now, first ballot, hall of Famer and Troy Eggman first ballot Hall of Fame, all time leading rusher, Emmett Smith, Michael, we got in on the second ballot and they had that team together. What? They won another one they missed that year. They went and got Prime and they won another one. But had they had Jimmy, that's when Jerry started. They were, they won in spite of J Jerry. That was the, that's how good that 95 team was, right? They won in spite of Jerry.


But had they kept Jimmy, what you see the Patriots did you Think they could ran? Think about what they had. Emmett Smith, Emmett came in with me. So Emmett left early. So 93, Emmett should have been 24. Troy was 26. Mike was 20, was 27. Mike was 28. Listen, remember, remember what C said in color Purple, huh? Somebody, somebody need to do that to Jerry until you right by me.


Everything. You, well, I forgot what's Yeah, every, Yeah. Gonna come back on you. That's what's Happening. Nothing is going good for the Cowboys since that firing. Now, you, you made, you made it to the playoffs, you made it, but you always, you always going home. In the first round, Ocho Ocho, Deshaun Watson underwent a second surgery, ah, for a right Achilles rupture. According to a team statement, earlier this week, Watson reported to the cross country mortgage campus for an exit physical as a part of the brown season ending process. He complained of discomfort after rolling the ankle in Miami. MR results demonstrated a re-rupture of the Achilles. They're normally in a boot or boot at least three months.


What makes this injury so difficult to repair, to recover from, is that when they put you in a boot, right, the muscles start to atrophy. You know what happens. Now you got weakness, so now you have to build that calf muscle. Right? Now you have to build all those muscles up, right? Because you can't do anything. It's not like a, like a, like an ACL ocho. Yes, sir. They get your butt in there the day after surgery. They got you bending that leg. They got you raising it, squeezing that quad muscle, try to get it fired. They're putting stem on it to get that muscle firing, right? To keep that muscle from atrophy, right? Well, when you in a boot, there ain't really anything that you can do 62 days after surgery.


Deshaun didn't have the boot on ocho, remember we had the conversation. I'm like, why is he reworking his contract when he got guaranteed money? Now we know why, right? Remember I said, Ocho, he got guaranteed. Why would I rework my contract? Y'all can't do nothing. He's gonna miss all of 25. He missed a large part of 23. He missed damn near all of 24. He's gonna miss all of 25. Listen, I don't, I don't wish injury on nobody. You already know how I feel about Andrews in general. It's, it's unfortunate. I, I've been one who's, who stood high, you know, and, and hoping that we get the Deshaun Watson of role. This is a setback, you know, for him. It's also a setback for the Browns.


I'm, I'm curious to see what the Browns are gonna do at that position, knowing where they pick in the draft. If, if they're able to find someone to, to, to, to, to play the quarterback position. Will you bring a veteran in? Would it be maybe Kirk Hudson? Can Joe Flacco maybe come back? I'm not sure what they gonna do, but man, it's just, this is not good for them. It's not good for Deshaun. And man, that's, that's, that's upsetting. Look, when this thing happened on Cho, I thought what was going on with Deshaun was more mental than physical, right? It was what transpired and then everybody kind of knew or thought they knew.


And what was true was that's not our job, right? We're not here to try to read, try anything or say somebody's in innocent or guilty. But what we can say is that when people realize and say, damn, all of this, all this, and let's just say for the sake of part, all of it's true. All of it's real. It's the fact that everybody knows it's the same thing that happened with Tiger. I mean, think about it, Ocho now, this different situation, allegedly nothing. Tiger didn't, people said Deshaun may did things against the will. But what I'm saying is that when Tiger, people like Tiger, you still playing golf, right?


Right, right, right. But it was the fact that they saw him in a different light. Like Yes, sir. Now all of a sudden, he wasn't this wholesome, this family married father of two. Oh, You a freak. And it messed with him psychologically. Yeah. I mean, he won one more major after that. After that, you know where that comes from as well, obviously. Right? Not only are you embarrassed publicly about everyone knowing what, how you conducted yourself away from the game of golf. Yeah. But any, if, if anything, what you could have done is you could have stayed true to yourself, stayed true to yourself. Everybody knows now. So why don't, don't change. Because not only did it change you as a golfer, you were winning majors and playing extremely well and at the, at the height of your game when you were doing whatever it was you were doing outside, outside of the golf course.


If you look at guys that have built big, big brands, what have they all been Married? Mm. That's what we selling. He's the all American guy wife, 2.5 kids house, white picket fence. Mm. Go look at the guys that have the biggest brands all. Jack Nicholas Arnold Palmer, right? Michael Jordan, PEY Manning, Tom Brady. Patrick Mahon. You look at Guy Kobe, LeBron James. Yeah, Shaq was ma, go look at the guys that have built these huge brands and what do they all have? The, the alone exception. What's the loan exception? Ocho Derek Jeter, bro Ocho about people that's building half a billion, billion dollar.


You talking some ocho. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. I I got that. Now don't, don't do that. So maybe that's what he was looking at, Ocho. Yeah. The problem is he got married and didn't have a peepee under control, and then everybody knew it. I ocho you don't about be, I don't want everybody to know I'm a freak. Right? Right. Freak man. Freak man. Yeah. That's me. I want y'all to know that. Yeah, People knew. Now they look gu because guess what, Ocho, you walk to the course, everybody looking at you. Yeah, I bet he, Hey, I be tiger. Shoot. I bet tiger. Shoot the covers last night. Yeah. And, and listen, everybody, everybody, everybody on that goddamn course, just like him. Every, just, everybody don't know about it.


See, you see a pretty girl at the golf course. I wanna Shit for Tiger. I bet that's tiger people. You thinking What you thinking O Joe? You think that him? I dunno. See, I just, I just, I just ojo. We just, we just gotta keep it wet out with you. Yeah, but hopefully Deshaun has a speedy recovery. He's never gonna be the same quarterback again. Ojo. Nah, never. Never. Now, it's not really about playing, bro. You in your thirties, you wanna have a normal life. You don't wanna be walking around like Shannon Sharp 56 and you 35, 33, 34, right? You want to have someone of a normal life.


You want be able to walk without a limp. Hell, you walking with a limp at 32, what the hell you think you gonna be at 42, 52, 62? Hell, you damn near need a wheelchair. So now it's about getting a a, a level of, of health back right where you can do stuff. I don't, I don't know if he, if he wants kids or he is gonna have kids, but you wanna wanna do something with the kids. At this point in time, I'm not even thinking about playing football. I'm thinking about hitting, tackling this rehab, take it as serious as I possibly can and try to heal up and, and get back. 'cause 2025 is over. You're not coming back. The Patriots have hired Mike Vrabel as the next head coach. Robert Kraft will replace one of his former players with another in hopes to improve the results.


Vrabel is the first coach since 1950 to directly succeed. Another coach where both played together in the NFL as teammates since Forest Greg took over for Bart Starr as the Packers head coach in 1984. There might be a possibility to bring Josh McDaniels back as offensive coordinator. Considering that, Josh, before we talk about Mike Abel, it seems to me the only place Josh McDaniels can have success is in New England. Wait a minute. Whoa, stop right there. The only place Josh McDaniel can have success is in New England when he has Tom Brady at the helm.


Well, he did go to the playoffs when he had a Mac Jones. Remember Mac Jones? Rookie year he had Mac, they went 10 and six. Then he goes to remember, he goes to the Raiders. The Raiders, he get the Raiders job. Coach Belichick had this brilliant idea that I think Bill O'Brien was the coach for one year. And then Bill O'Brien leaves, and then he has two of his s Slappy homies come in there. Matt, Patricia and Joe Judge. Guys that have never called an offensive play in all their life, right? One is a special teams coach. The other is a DC and you know what? Our first round draft pick as a quarterback that made the Pro Bowl as a rookie that ended up taking us to the playoffs.


We want to have two guys in his ear that's never, ever called an offensive play. Yeah. What do you think about this? For me, I'm disappointed that Mr. Kraft did not give Gerard Mayo more time, right? It'd be interesting to see if Vrabel struggles and not have a, a great record. The likelihood of him moving on with Vrabel after the year is not very likely. No, Absolutely. Everybody else that Mr. Kraft has had, now granted, he had Coach Belichick from 2000 until 2023, right? About to 24.


But Coach Belichick was five and 11. He got another p he got a degree period. Next year we know what happened. He went Super Bowl and the takeoff. But do you like the hire of Mike Vrabel? I mean, I like it. I like it, but I, I don't see much changing. I don't see much changing depending on how the draft goes, depending on what they get into free agency, then I, you, you get some pieces in there that could, that could help defensively, that could help offensively. Things might change, but I don't see it to be a quick turnaround that fast. I've never seen a team turnaround that fast. The quarterback position, obviously Drake May is good. He showed flashes of, of brilliance.


Then he is had some loss. Obviously you get that with a rookie quarterback. Depending on his growth and how, how much better he gets from, from now to next season, then I think things will, will be okay for them. But I don't see him making that kind of jump where it just changes the dynamic of that team in general. And all of a sudden they turn it around and win 10, 11 something games. No, it's not gonna happen. But if they, if they do have a losing season, again, the lease for Vrabel will will be much longer than the lease for Gerard Mayo. The Volume.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad-free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources. They've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com, we've done your homework.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


$1.4 billion in NFL quarterback contracts. The untold stories behind the biggest deals in football history. I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. My co-host Brian Murphy. Athletes first, CEO, and I are sitting down with the agents who have negotiated contracts for Justin Herbert, Deshaun Watson, Dak Prescott, Tua tga, Viola and Jordan Love. Listen to Athletes First Family Podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.