
When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out. But with HubSpot, they can achieve their best results without the stress. Tap into HubSpot's collection of AI tools. Breeze to pinpoint leads. Capture attention and access all your data in one place. Keep your marketers cool and your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more


When it's tip off time. At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime. Video. This Thursday the AFCs oldest rivalry is rekindled as the Pittsburgh Steelers visit the Cleveland Browns join Al Michaels, Kirk Herb Street and Kaley Hartung for this exciting matchup. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's Best party TNF tonight Live from Cleveland. Not a Prime member, not a problem. Simply Sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. So the Steelers and the Browns 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football, and it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


What's good, Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds, To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device, qualifying credit and port in 90 plus days. With device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in-season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports Book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in Bonus bet if your wins when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hold on. Hey did we, did we Do? Oh Joe, check this out. Joe. A woman makes her Sunday sauce and puts raisin in the meatballs Sunday. Sauce. Meatballs. Yes. The meatballs have raisins in them. Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on, hold on. What is Sunday? What is the Sunday sauce? Nothing. Nothing. I You make agh and meat but I guess you making spaghetti with, with with sauce. And she put raisins in the meatball. You don't do That. You don't do that. Raisins don't go in nothing. Raisins don't go in. Nothing that comes on the menu on a sundae. Nothing on the or Something. No raisins. Don't Raisins don't go with meat. Now if you gonna put 'em on a salad or something like that, ocho okay fine. But you ain't finna put em in no meat sauce.


I hold On. You don't put rais and protect? Nah. What? So y'all do it too? Y'all do it. That shit. Oh, I'm sorry man. Where ain't got me curse over here Ocho. Where you think she from? She from where you think she from? She, I guess she's from Italy but she can't be Italian. Oh okay. Because I know they ain't putting no raisins in no wheat sauce. They probably ain't no, aint no salt marinara. They probably do some crazy stuff up there in Italy. 'cause I, I, I, I know it definitely wasn't nobody down here in the States put no goddamn raisin anything. Gotta do with meatballs. That might be a delicacy up there. Man. Look here. Raisins. Yeah, I'll be doing you and look here just because you can.


That doesn't mean you should because you can put anything in anything. You really can put gravy on ice cream. Yeah, you probably shouldn't. No. And I don't know who thought about putting, you know they put raisins, they put peco. Man, look here. Stop putting stuff on potato salad. Hey, you don't like, you don't like, damn, you don't like raising on potato salad? Hell no. I'm just checking. I'm just checking. I'm Just, I wish somebody would, I'll put that shit out my house. You potato salad. Over the trash man. Potato, no potato salad. First of all, they don't even let, everybody can't even bring the potato salad.


You give people, you give one or two people that Know how to do it. Specific construction. They know how to do it. You do the potato salad? Yeah, everybody. Oh, I bring No you not. No, no, no, no. I'm sorry Ms. Jen. Ruth, you not bringing the potato salad. No you're not. We already got somebody you can bring cooks, you can bring soda. I I, I remember them days now when, when we talk about Thanksgiving and people having a, a sign assigned dishes to bring, I remember them days when Big Mama was here. When my grandma was here. That was yeah. The tradition Now, ever since she passed away and you know the, the family and journals split up. The family dynamic. It had. Yeah, for sure. It ain't, it ain't been, matter of fact, it's Thanksgiving coming up.


I don't even know where I'm going because my mama gone. My grandma gone. You know. Well, you better have, you better have, you know who whips something up. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. She, she, she left me. I'm, nah, she left me. She'll Let you come over. She'll let you come over with one last meal. Nah, Nah, nah. I ain't, I I don't want to give no no mixed signals. Ain't no mixed signals. You coming over to get a meal. You ain't getting no hoo-Ha. I dunno what you thought. You coming over eat. Get your black bald head ass up and go home. Hey, don't be sitting around looking. Don't be sitting around looking how you been, what's, what's, what's going on, how you been, how the kids, all that, all that small talk, you know.


Hey, how you been? I I sure appreciate this. That's nice of you. All that small talk going on now. Just eat your meal and get up and go and go home. But now you over there looking so how you, so how you being real? You been thinking about your boy, you know we got five years in this, This, You think you slick. Hey, a porn site offers iron Mike 250 k to show cheeks again.


Ocho. Yeah Ocho would you show your buttocks for 250 K? Hey, you gotta understand I did amateur, I did amateur porn back in 97, 98. So you know, showing, showing a little, showing a little buttocks. Man, that, that ain't nothing. That ain't that, that, that ain't nothing. But I wouldn't be able to do it now with all that I have going on now, if I needed it and I was put a Calm in front of that two, in that five and I'll show you something else, man.


Lemme stop man. People gonna think I've been drinking tonight. I did have a function I had to tell but I ain't been drinking. I aint been Drinking. No. When you say you put a calm in front of that five Yeah, put a calm in front of that two five and Yeah, no Ocho. Yeah, Kat Williams said he left career ending knockout blows out of his club Shehe interview. Right. Kat said he intentionally held back, leaving out all the knockout blows and left just jabs That, that's believable. I'm not sure how he knew, but both those of you, excuse me, that watched the Cat Williams interview.


If you think about everything he said and you're able five second and go back and listen to all the things he said that were going to happen and the in, in the year you notice everything did happen. I dunno how, I don't dunno how he knew. I don't know who he, who he talks to or who, who, who I mean what inside information he might have. But everything he said it came true. Everything he said came true. So there's some, there's some truths to everything that he knows. And the fact that he's saying I held back a little bit. He probably has stuff on people and he just, he just used jabs instead of throwing that haymaker. He could have, I'm, I'm assuming he could have been the careers based some of the things that he know. There, there, there, there's a possibility that you might hear the haymakers very, very soon.


Oh. Oh well it's One thing. As long as I ain't got, long as I ain't in there, I'm good. Long as I ain't in there I'll be good. Yeah. But he said he wrote it. I can tell you this. Yeah, he's been writing more Yeah. Material. I don't know where he get his information from, but he be, he be spot on. He be spot on De January the third, 2025 is right around the corner. Uhoh. That's all I'm gonna say about that.


Hey, what happened on January 3rd? That was the first edition of Kat Williams when it released. I may have my popcorn ready or red barker too. Damn. But why they don't know why they upset that man down? I don't know. I might not need that because you know a couple of male, they see the baby arm. I won't need to do no interview. Jake Paul and his manager has officially called our, I show speed to a boxing match. Ocho, would you want to see this? Nah, no, no. All speed is too small. Speed is too small. But there's a reason they have weight classes.


They, there's a reason they have weight classes now. Speed. Speed. For those of you that don't know who I show speed very athletic, very, very athletic, you know, individual. He's fast. He does, you know, some of the craziest things as far as when it comes to creating content, but him fighting Jake Paul, it just, it would, it doesn't make any sense. Doesn't make any sense because of the, the size difference in, in, in both of them. Yeah, but I told Jake, man, you know, you, you want, you want some competition, you know you got, you got some hands right over here. You got some hands right over here. It could be Nightcap versus, I'm not even sure what their production company is, if they have one. What's that? What's this? MVP production?


Yeah. Most valuable production. Yeah. What, what Mv MVP versus Nike. We ought have a chat. Hey Chad, would y'all wanna, would y'all wanna see a Kat Williams part two interview? Yeah. Shit. Yeah. Shit. I'm, I'm don't even, don't even ask the chat. Hell I wanna see. Yeah. Goddamn damn right. Yeah. Shit. Yeah. Yeah. MVP versus Nightcap oto versus Paul Paycor Stadium. Sell that out quick. Ocho yo have some news today. Jonathan Majors and Megan Good are engaged.


Why you ain't you ain't got today? Why, why you come on, you Ain't happy. I mean, I just, come on man. Like read, read the room. It's too soon. What? Damn ocho So I can't talk about nobody in their relationship and be happy for them. Do the right thing, Ocho. Hey, all you gotta do is do, do a spike lead. Just do the right thing. Two people should be able to figure two adults, smart adults. Y'all should be able to get into a room, figure this thing out.


I believe in you. As a matter of fact, I just saw, I just saw Megan about probably about a month ago. When was I, when was I was in LA with my daughter. Yeah, Lakers. I was in, I was in, I was at the game and I went to, I was in private suites and she was in there and I was looking, I was like, damn. And Kayla like, daddy, you know who that is? I'm like, yeah, she looked familiar, Huh? Yeah, she was on Club Sheha, but it was ear, it was early in the mor it was early in the morning and she, she was dressed like she didn't wanna be known.


So, and you know, I ain't, you know, I ain't trying to make eye contact. You know I am. But yeah, you know I am. Hey Jordan, I, hey, yeah, I see somebody, Hey, I go sit my ass down. I ain't, hey. And you know, she came, she's like, Hey, I, hey, how you doing? Right? Yeah. I said, I thought I, because I did, I thought it was her. And she was like, and then Kayla was like, daddy, you ain't gonna say nothing. No. I said, won't you, won't you go say something telling you my daughter. She'll say hello. But she came over. She's, she's a great, I mean, her interview, she was great. I had to sit down with her on, she's unbelievable. She's an incredibly nice young lady.


And you know, a lot of times when I bump back into people that I've interviewed, it's al it's always a great time. You know, they thank me. I really thank you for giving me your time because you know, it is your time because you're busy. You got a a million things going on. Right. But it was great. And congratulations on Megan. Congratulations Jonathan. You guys make a lovely couple and I'm very, very happy for you. Two. Congrats Megan. Good. And Jonathan Majors are engaged


When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out fast, sifting through leads, creating content for infinite channels, endlessly searching for disparate performance KPIs. It all takes a toll. But with HubSpot, you can stop team burnout in its tracks. Plus your team can achieve their best results without breaking a sweat. With HubSpot's collection of AI tools Breeze, you can pinpoint the best leads possible. Capture prospect's attention with Clickworthy content and access all your company's data in one place. No sifting through tabs necessary. It's all waiting for your team. It HubSpot, keep your marketers cool and make your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans, check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Congratulations to 3:00 AM Innovations on their first place. Win for innovation in community. At this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business 3:00 AM used T-Mobile 5G to enable Florian the first AI enabled incident command platform for first responders. Florian's features include real-time tracking of personnel on A 3D map and voice activation. AI is used to filter out background noise until it hears a trigger word such as mayday, increasing situational awareness on the ground and improving onsite safety. This will shape rapid response moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates 3:00 AM for their unconventional thinking.


S Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice. Up to $1,000 a monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limit apply. See paypal.com/rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spend per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. na pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Ocho, now it's time for the chat's. Favorite segment Spill. Oh, oh shit. It's on. Oh shit. Okay, Ocho the other night. The word that you must fail, the first word is vehemently, is to strongly deny something. I vehemently disagree. I strenuously disagree. Your word is vehemently. Hey, I don't think you're saying that right. I'm saying vehemently.


V vhe v. Alright. VV Vhe. V-V-H-E-M-E-N-T-L-E-Y-L-Y. Vehemently. That is Correct. That I I know, I know that one. I know that one on purpose. That's a good one. That's a good one. Okay, The next word is pugilistic. What? Pugilistic Q Pugilistic. Pugilistic. Yes. QPU. That's a good one because I don't know ppu. I don't know if it's PUJ or PUG. Puja. Alright, stay with me. Stay with me now. Hey, PUPJ Puja.


See the eng? The English language is so goddamn iffy. Puja, are you ready Unc? I'm Ready. I'm going. I might, I might be wrong with P-U-J-P-U Puja. P-U-J-A-L-I-S-T-I-C. I know it's probably wrong though. P-U-G-I-L-I-S-T-I-C. Pugilistic. Yeah. So I have, so I spelled it right J No, You spelled it wrong. The next word is strenuously. Strenuously strenuously Stre strenuously.


S-T-R-E-N-S-T-R-E-N-I-O-U-S-L-Y. Strenuously. S-T-R-E-S-T-R-E-N-U-O-U-S-L-Y. I don't like that strenuously. I don't like that. I I should I I don't like that. I should've known that. I should've known that. I should've known that. I don't like that. Bludgeon bludgeon Bludgeon Bludgeon. The Detroit lions bludgeoned. The jags yesterday. Bludgeon bludgeoned.


B-B-B-L-U-G-E-N-B-L-U-D-G-E-O-N. Bludgeon. And your last word. What the fuck? Got two more left. Hold on, hold On. Now where you going? Hold on, wait a minute. Where a D coming at? Bludgeon bludge. Bludgeon. B-L-U-G-E-N. That's what I said. B-L-U-D-G-E-O-N. Bludgeon Me man, God damnit Lamb basting Lambasting. When I get, yes, when I get to Jon on folks I be lamb basting them lamb basting, Lamb, banks, lamb, lamb, lamb.


LAM la. Now I'm not sure I listen, I'm thinking about Mary had little lamb. I don't know if I need to be before I get to the rest of the word lamb. What you think you gonna gimme a hint? Lamborghini Lamb ba. Okay. LAMB. Pronounce it for me one time. Say it. Lambasting Lamb basing Lambasting. L-A-M-B-A-S-T-I-N-G. Correct. Lambasting.


Playing. Playing. Your last word is skirmish. Skirmish. There was a skirmish at the bar. Skirmish. Yes. Skirmish. Skirmish. Skirmish. I know it started with a Q, right? Yep. Q-U-Q-U-I. Q-U-Q-U-I. I'm, I'm, this is a good one. So it could be Q-U-E-R-M-I-S-H or it could be Q-U-I-R-M-I-S-H or which one is it?


Is that I give you all the skirmish. Alright. Q-Q-Q-U-I or QUE. Let see ERI I'm gonna go okay. Q-U-I-R-M-I-S-H skirmish. Sk I-R-M-I-S-H Skirmish. What the fuck? God Damn. A good right there boy. I, I done had a few, I done had a few skirmishes. You know myself. Yes, yes.


Damn O Joe. You went two for six. Damn. You gave me an excellent, I still lost, huh? On. Alright, Dunk on Unc is an NBA is an N-F-L-N-B-A edition. I'm ready. You tried to make it real hard in yo cho, you think you slick Ocho? I good. You good? I got you. All right. Y'all ready? Chat. Y'all ready? Chat. Chat. Don't cheat chat please do me a favor. Y'all don't cheat. Don't cheat. All right, fellow, it is over. Dunk on Unc. Here we go. First question. Who is the all time passing leader for the Houston Texans all time passing leader for the Houston Texans chat?


Do not put the answer in there. If you put the answer in the chat one by one, I'm gonna look at your IP address and up Matt Shaw. I ain't even finished. I'm, I'm Good. Okay. Matt Shaw, you got that one right? Obviously that was, that, that, that was easy. The Houston Texas franchise hasn't been been around that long to be able to name the quarterbacks who, who could possibly be the passing leader. So that was, that's why that was so easy. Here We go. Appreciate that ocho. Yeah. Which team holds a record for the longest winning streak in NBA history. Which team in the NBA holds a record for the longest winning streak in NBA history?


The 1972 Lakers. They won 33. 33 straight games followed by 27 straight by the Miami Heat. Now see, this makes me believe that you've been briefed before you got these goddamn I'm No, no, ain't no no you ain't logged on. You ain't logged on Ww ww right? ninja.com You got it. He logged in. Okay. Okay. Okay. Which team won the first ever? Which team won the first ever NBA championship First?


Ever. Ever? Who We Yeah. Chad, that's a good one. Chad, don't do it. Chad, don't do me like that. Chad. Don't do it. 'cause he gonna look, he gonna look at the chat. Don't, don't do me like that. Gimme a I got it's it's one or two. It's one or two. I'm gonna go St. Louis Hawks. Uhuh. That's absolutely wrong. That's absolutely wrong. And I'm Chad, I thank you Chad for not putting an answer out there. What The Minneapolis Lakers? No, the the correct answer name you were looking for is the Philadelphia Warriors. Okay. The Philadelphia Warriors won the first ever NBA championship. Yeah. Yeah. I would never, I would've never got that one. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So you not, you not logged on like you think you is.


I I'm finna get logged. I'm finna log back in. Okay. Here go little let you know it was hard for me to, you know, get internet service in here. Okay? That's what it is. Okay. Okay, here we go. Head coach DCO Ryans was traded to what team? After his time was up with the Houston Texans. Ooh. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Chad threw me like that. Chad don't do me like that. Y'all stay with me now. Don't put the answer in the chat. If you put the answer in the chat, I put name I idea. Oh my God. Yeah. Dko, where did Dko go? I don't know the Eagles. I have no idea. Ojo Just threw that inside there. Now you just threw that answer back 'cause somebody in the chat put it, you threw that inside there. 'cause somebody in the chat put it.


Oh. Oh Joe. He didn't, I know he didn't go play for the Eagles Or Joe. You knew that because you looked at the chat. I, oh, Joe, I I put that on my granny. The chat, the chat ain't even put it up there yet. Oh, It's it's in there. It's in there. I know it's in there. It's in there. Okay. You got that? You Told me to get logged back in internet working again. No Cheating man. Chad, he can't mess with me. Cheating man. He cheating. He can't Back with me Chad. Okay, here we go. The Cleveland Cavaliers have won 15 straight to start a season. What two teams were they formally, formally tied with 14. Oh my god. Wait, hold on. To start a season. The Warriors to start a season set the record in 2015, they won 24 straight.


Ugh. We, it won 15 straight to start a season. And what two teams were, they were, were they formally tied with at 14? Okay, that's, that's what that was. That was, that was the answer. That was the question. Yeah. What team were they tied with that had won 14 previously? Okay, I got it. Alright. I go to Houston Rockets. That's wrong. That's wrong. And that's one team. So I'm gonna go, I'm the, the, the correct answer is that I'm asking for two teams. The two teams are Dallas Mavericks and the Boston Celtics. So you weren't gonna get that. So obviously you are not logged on. I'm already done beat you. I got three. Right? I mean, but listen, the que the the questions and the, the, the, the, the words that I'm being asked to spell are 10 times harder than the questions that I'm asking you.


You, that's the difference. I mean, you, you asking me to go into the memory bank? You asking me to go way, way back How Far back? I, i I ain't asked you to Go. I mean you had me going back to BC one time. Okay? You, we, you got your little bonus, you got your little bonus, you got your little bonus. The bus betis once rushed five times by how many yards and how many tds? Five times. I remember this too. I remember this game. Five times, five yards, three Tds. Ah, that's a good one. It was five times one yard, three tds.


You got, Was that against the bears? I forgot who they play. I forgot. I forgot who, I forgot who they was playing, but I remember that game. Yeah, so we basically tired. No, we ain't basically tired. Three for six a band. You was two for six Y'all. Now It's time for our final segment, Q and a Q and a. How you cheated JJ Gar said, what do you have to lose with Trey? Either he stinks and you get a high draft pick or he balls and create draft capital. Come on Jerry.


I I, I agree. I think at this point in time you put Trey in to see what you have, but also you try to keep the high pick, but it doesn't matter. You gonna lose. What you gonna lose with Cooper Rush? You gonna lose with Trey Young? It don't matter. You stuck with Dak because that's gonna be like $150 million in dead cap space. So you not getting rid of Dak, you got Dak for at least two more years. So you stuck. You stuck like a bad song on the elevator. Okay, here on You, you logged off. Go. There you go. There you go. There you go. Now I hear you. So in other words, you stuck like you stuck on an elevator. You stuck like an, you know, on an elevator with a bad song. Oh yeah. So you ain't got no choice. Ocho you got, oh, if you play Cooper, if you play Trey, your team is not good enough to support either guy, right?


That's the problem. Doesn't matter who you play, you might as well try to get this high draft hit you, you suck, you stink, you Terrible. Hold on, hold on. When you say hi, draft the, the, the, the Cowboys. What? Four and what or three Said four there. Three and seven. Three and seven. And you talking about, you say they, they tank for a high draft pick. What position would That? No, just keep doing what you're doing. You ain't gotta tank. Oh yeah. Okay. You ain't gotta tank. You ain't gotta try to lose. I mean clearly that's what you're practicing right now. You go out there every week and you practice D Loop. They Would have the third. They would have the third pick right now or the, or the the Where would Dallas be picking after tonight?


They're picking night. Oh shoot. But I mean That's still a top 10 pick. It is, But it Oh, oh Joe, hold on. What they got seven games to go. That could easily be top. That could easily be number one. No, no, They got the, they got the Eagles again. They got the commanders twice. Who else they got on that schedule? Is there, is there a possibility where they can get Travis Hunter if They picking in the top three? If somebody pass the button won quarterbacks? Yeah. Can you imagine? But I Doubt it. Can you imagine They got, they got the commanders right?


They got the commanders twice, they got the Eagles, they got the books, they got the Panthers, and they got the Bengals. Okay. Are you sure they're not gonna have a top five pick? Yeah, I mean they are, they, they're exactly, Exactly The the situation. That quarterback is not changing. That's not gonna get any better. So they're gonna lose to the commanders. They're gonna lose to the bucks because the bucks, the bucks on fire. Even The Eagle's gonna run rough shadow, Right? Run right through them. The Bengals are going put up me, Mike, they, they might go, matter of fact, I'm going to that game December 9th. I think that's the date too. I'm going through that Monday night game. Oh yeah. We gonna run right through them. So you gonna oh you gonna ger World?


Yeah. Yeah. I'm not sure. I'm not sure if I'm welcome, but I'll be there. Shit they taking, excuse me, they just taking everybody else money so they might as well take your money. No, I'm getting, I'm, I'm getting, I'm getting a ticket from Chase. Oh, okay. Four KT said Jerry Jones the type of draft fanboy over Michael Jordan. True. Look, you can't be mad. I mean you look at the pick, he he did trade it down. He got Mme Micah. Yeah, he had a deal. Had a, an agreement with the Eagles. They wanted, they wanted Devonte Smith. You know, they trade, they allowed him to trade.


Hey, I won't touch Michael. Good, good deal. Normally luck Andy. And he got some draft capital for him, but ugh, boy, they got some work to do. Yeah. RC said, oh, can you get a polo ESPN for us? Cowboy fans are asking, do we want Jerry to step down his gym so we can let our answer be seen to reach him? Maybe. Nah, ESPN, they gonna put that up because ESPN like having access when they go to these games, we can put it up because I ain't going to Jerry, I ain't going to Jerry's world. So I, I think after the way the season has played out, I think a lot of fans are fed up with what Jerry is trying to sell.


I think it, I think it rubbed a lot of people the wrong way because they saw that things weren't going well and they wanted, they at the, the report, the, the me the radio guy personality, ask him a question and he threatened to have the guy removed because it wasn't a favorable question. He wanted someone to ask him more favorable questions. So I think the fans are kind of like, they're kind of tired of Jerry. I, I I really do. Oh, Justin Tuck said in the interview that Brady barked a lot at his o line during the Super Bowl. Do you think we'll see a d-line like that again? Man? Did y'all see how Von Miller and them got out the got out camp Cam Newton? Yeah, Vaughn was, Vaughn was the Bowl MVP two.


What? He have two and a half sacks, two force Bumble. One was returned for a touchdown. Yeah, I think, I think that was a pretty good, I think you know that Super Bowl 50 with Vaughn and D Ware and Malik what? Those guys and Wolf, it's very comparable. Now granted that was, that's to, that wasn't Tom Brady, but Tom Brady was gonna throw the ball a lot more because that's what they, that's what they did. And the ball was coming out much faster too, of course. But I'm not sur surprised, I'm not surprised when you start to heat up, dial up, dial up that pressure on the quarterback quarter quarter, the quarterback normally said, come on guys, what are we doing?


Yeah, getting you killed. That's what, that's what they doing. But once those guy mean, look, once I, we know you can't beat us with the run ocho. Yeah. I'm teeing off on you when you put pin your ears back, baby. Here we come. I I I'm, I'm teeing off on you. I'm not gonna give you time. I'm not gonna let you set your feet because A, they did a tuck. I mean they put that, that NASCAR package in. Who was it? I think it was Cante. I think it was OC Tuck and straight. Yeah, I mean basically you have four ends, but you put kick Tuck inside, you put Stray on one side, you put OC on the other side and I forget, I I think it was Canty, but I'm not really sure.


Wait, What's Canty? SP and Chris Canty. Yeah. Okay. Wasn't he, what did y who was that other, the other guy with the, with the Giants? I know I got three of the four. Right? But you know, you got guys that, hey, we gonna collapse it inside, we gonna force him to you. Yeah. And when he steps up in the pocket, I need y'all to hit him in his mouth. We gonna do our job, we gonna bend these edges because I'm not worried about him going anywhere. We ain't going no Joe, when they said it was Kiwanuka. Yeah, no, I think, I think JPP was there for the second one. He wasn't there for the first one. Nah, he Was there for the Yeah, he there for the second


one. When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out fast. Sifting through leads, creating content for infinite channels, endlessly searching for disparate performance KPIs. It all takes a toll. But with HubSpot you can stop team burnout in its tracks. Plus your team can achieve their best results without breaking a sweat. With HubSpot's collection of AI tools Breeze, you can pinpoint the best leads possible. Capture prospect's attention with Clickworthy content and access all your company's data in one place. No sifting through tabs necessary. It's all waiting for your team in HubSpot. Keep your marketers cool and make your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Congratulations to 3:00 AM Innovations on their first place. Win for innovation in community. At this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business 3:00 AM used T-Mobile 5G to enable Florian the first AI enabled incident command platform for first responders. Florian's features include real-time tracking of personnel on A 3D map and voice activation. AI is used to filter out background noise until it hears a trigger word such as mayday, increasing situational awareness on the ground and improving onsite safety. This will shape rapid response moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates 3:00 AM for their unconventional thinking.


S Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You, feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot


com.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Did you know the PayPal debit card now earns you 5% cash back in the monthly category of your choosing. Groceries, health, restaurants, beauty, gas, and apparel in up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Sephora, and Instacarts. Like having a little extra in your pocket. Every month I'm using PayPal debit card to earn 5% cash back on apparel. With my travel schedule, I'm on the go. Sometimes I have to buy clothes online. It's the new normal. Just Sign up for the PayPal debit card through the new app and you're ready to go. Download the new PayPal app. Sign up. Start earning 5% cash back today. Don't just pay. Pay terms And limits apply. See paypal.com/rewards pal. Cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spend per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. na pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Adam Blaze. They, what's up Unc O. Your unc. unc. Earlier you called the Steelers the best team in a LC. Do you think they can beat the bills and the chiefs if they see them in the playoffs? Little early, guess what? Yeah, because think about it. Defense, what the Steelers did yesterday. The Ravens scored the most points in the FL at 31 points a game. They held 'em to 16. They they average 440 yards a game. Total offense. They held 'em to 3 29. They held 'em a hundred yards under what they normally get. And the 15 points under what they normally get. That's a good football team. They're solid, very, and you better take care of the football because they're very opportunistic.


They're gonna do a lot of pulling, they're gonna do a lot of tugging. And when they get they a, they do a great job of taking the ball away from you. Yes. The question is, is that you are gonna have to put them in a situation where you are gonna have to make Russ outplay your quarterback. Now you make it a nip tuck ball game. You making one of these low scoring games. Yeah, it gets you asking for trouble. Get tricky. You definitely, you definitely asking for trouble of Cake Mama. When is the next live meetup? I've never wanted to meet any celebrities, but I would really like to meet you two. And Tabitha Brown. Love you guys. Thank you. The next one is in New Orleans, the Thursday before the Super Bowl tickets go on sale after Thanksgiving.


So we're very, very, very excited about that. That's the, we're actually trying to put together a guest list right now. So hopefully the list that we put together, people that, that are in attendance would really, really like these guests. So I'm excited. OCHO is, I know, I'm sure Ocho you're excited. What? New Orleans? I mean we did one last year. That was our first one. We kind of got a sense of how it is. Yeah. We got somebody helping us. You know, we got Live Nation doing a great job of helping us, you know, navigate this thing. This is what they do, right? Concerts, events of, of massive proportion. So I think we're in great hands and I'm super, super, super duper excited.


Lamar Robinson said, oh, did you see the past episode of SNL? They spoof you again auditioning for a role in the upcoming film. Wicked. I did see that. I guess that beat, that's twice I've been on. I've been on SNLI. I'm, I'm super excited. I guess that means you made it when you make SNL because that shows you, I mean, think about all the things during the course of the week. They paying attention that come across their desk. They Paying attention. And for me not only to come across that desk to actually make it, They paying attention. Absolutely. Derrick Jr. Said cornbread or Hawaiian rolls. I got cornbread. God. Oh boy. Hawaiian Roll Goddamn sweet.


Them Hawaiian sweet rolls. Come on now, man. Derrick, why you do that? Hey, them Hawaiian rolls. Them who? Man, listen, I eat a, I eat a whole pack by by self. Why was I just getting ready to tell you that? How was just getting ready to tell you that? Man, come on now. But I ain't gonna lie, I ain't gonna lie to you Ocho man that got done on iron Skillet. Cornbread. Yeah. That don't play, that don't play either. Do what? With the jalapenos or the blueberry? Yeah. I don't, I don't like nothing in my cornbread though. You don't like what? I don't like nothing in a cornbread. If I, if I get, if I get sweet water cornbread, I don't want nothing in it. I don't want nothing in it. Boy, hey, you gimme some, some oxtails or some neck bone.


Come on now. Rice cornbread. Yeah. Collard greens, mac and cheese. Yeah. Let me tell you, let me tell you something. Lemme tell you something about in ve in, in Vegas, right? I, I don't, I don't know if you've been to ve I don't know if you've been to Vegas or if you ever get a chance to go to Vegas, do me a favor and try Soul Food Cafe out right now. Everything you just named, they do sell, they have cornbread, but it's made like a pancake. It's not, you know, it's not just square where you cut it. It's made like a pancake. Right, Right, right. Flat. Okay. Okay. You gotta do me a favor. It's, it's on Yeah, on Rainbow Boulevard. Okay. Friday cornbread. Right. But man, and I like, I like sweet potato cornbread. Man, look here, bitch man, listen.


Well they corn, Matter of fact, I got fat thinking about it. Yeah, Yeah. Damn. But them are wired rolls, man. Them things warm so Good. Matter of fact, you know what I like too? This is what I like also about the Hawaiian rolls. My daughter, when she was running track, you know she's at University of Kentucky now. Yeah. This is what I like about going to the track meets where I have to sit out there all day. And I wasn't upset because the mama always had the goddamn Hawaiian rolls and make the sandwich. She made the sandwiches at the, at the, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Man, listen man, man, I had about 37 of them things. Yeah. I, I, I like, so I don't eat, really eat bread that much. I like the brioche bread.


Yeah, I love some brioche, but man, that's a, that's a tossup I think because it's old, reliable. And I've eaten more cornbread ocho then I have Hawaiian sweet rolls, even though I love the Hawaiian sweet rolls. Right. I think I gotta go with the cornbread ocho. I swear that iron skillet and I love that jalapeno. Yeah. I love the blueberry. I love the sweet with man God mighty nose. My sister used to make that Jiffy Cornbread out the, that Jiffy Cornbread in the box. Yeah. Yep. The blue, the blue box. I know exactly what you're talking. Yeah, I that was good old days.


Dr. Frankie l Bellamy says, speaking of Thanksgiving, what's on the menu this year guys? Turkey, mac and cheese, mashed potatoes, neck bone. I ain't, listen, I don't even, I ain't, I ain't even got nowhere Cornbread. I ain't got nowhere to go. So I don't know. Well, I don't know to tell you job, I'm, I probably, I probably, I probably you. I'm look Ocho I probably, I just telling you, I Swear I'll out a tweet and go go, you know, one of, one of my, one of my followers that happened to be in Miami, I'd probably just go to they place, You know what I do? Ocho like, you know. Hey, I'm sorry. Real, I'm sorry. I'm just wondering if you got it, you know who all coming over to your place for Thanksgiving?


I show could use a show, could use a plate or Ocho you know, Ocho by itself? No, nobody know the trouble. I see. I, I ain't, I ain't gonna do that. 'cause you know, she might, she, she might have moved on and might, you know, other dude might be coming over things. I, I bust up in there. I sit right there, there. Hey man, how you doing? Yeah, yeah, yeah. See, you know, Ain y Hey girl, Hey I sure remember you used to cook meals just like this for me. Woo. That was a good on time, wasn't they Ra? Yeah. Yeah, I sure was. I sure would. Yeah, I I I appreciate that. That's a good look. But at that point she done moved on. So, you know, you never know, you know, thank Thanksgiving is for giving thanks and, and she might be thinking a new dude, so I'm gonna go ahead and use Twitter.


She ain't moved on that. She ain't moved on that quick. She made it. Well yo, She ain't moved on that note, it ain't happening know about. I refuse to believe it. She ain't moved on that quick. Listen, You don't know about women do you? Huh? I Do. Every movie. Every movie I done seen, they move on fast. Men ain't that, but it real life, that woman love you, Love Don't do love, don't do stuff like this. I tell you that Hurt, hurt women hurt people. Hurt people. Hurt people. Ah, Pierre Qua said Ocho did have your soccer cleats suffer from sporting kc.


Found out, found out your left foot is longer than your right foot. Yeah, yeah. It is. It is. Most people are, most people. One hand is bigger than the other one. You know, one arm is bigger than the other. One leg. One foot. Yeah. It's that's normally how it plays out. Yeah. Yeah. My cleats are still hanging up, hanging up in there. Sporting KC legend. That's, that's me. That's me. That completes this episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite dog, Shannon Sharp. He is Liberty City's own bingo ring of Fame, honor ee, the pro bowler, the all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him Mocho. Please make sure y'all hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button.


Tell your family, friends and loved ones say, man, y'all gotta hear them boys, UNC and Ocho, man. They be laying it down. They give us sports. They're entertaining, they're informative, they're educational. Hey. And they talk about some of everything. Nothing is really off limits and they give it to you. Uncut. Can't say that word. The Ocho like to use Raw. Raw. Yeah. We get it to you raw. Get it to you raw. Yeah. Please go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And we thank every one of our subscribers currently. Thank you for your loyal support. Thank you for being there with us from start to finish. But because of you, we are who we are. Thank you so very much. Make sure you check out Shea ba la Porter. We have it in surplus because we realized the holidays were coming and we wanted you to have a very festive holiday with Shea Ba la Porter.


If you can't find, find it in a state or city near you. Just order and we'll get it right to you Pronto. And please do us a favor here at Nightcap. Please drink responsibly. Make sure you go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's Sheha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. I was held when I was a little T-shirt. I'll lie for you before I lie to you. A T-shirt, black Nightcap hoodies Stay with me now is also in hoodie form. Our bestseller is the Unin OCHO tees. And we have the Unin OCHO tees in black. So guess what? Quantities are limited. Please make sure you go grab yours while supplies last.


The Texans did a demolition job, showed that they're the best NFL team in Texas as they run rough shot over the cowboy as hell. SMU might be a better team in Texas. Better cowboys by the score. 34 10. CJ tro. 23 or 34. 2 57. But it was Joe Mixon 20 rushes, 109 yards and three touchdowns that really put the game away. They took the ball away three times from the twice from the Cowboys. They fumble twice the recovery one. And Cooper Rush Stewart Pick. But the Texas win 34 to 10. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm Unc, he's Ocho.


Yep. We'll see you on Wednesday. Thank you for joining. See Wednesday. If y'all Got availability for Thanksgiving, let me know. Send the invite. The Volume. When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth.


So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink


wisely. What gift are you going to get? That person that's impossible to shop for. Give the gift of sound. J Lab has the perfect gift for anyone with a variety of styles, sizes, and colors. And they have products for under $100, under $50, and even under $25. I love that. Save up to 60% on select J Lab products this holiday season on jlab.com. Look for the J Lab Blue box at retailers everywhere. Or visit jlab.com today


With Kroger brand products. You can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices. And with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pickup, or in store, Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


This message comes from Green Light. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly. Set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids' spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/iheart.