
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of one that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Sometimes life can seem hard and tough to navigate, but what may seem like the smallest task, such as getting outta bed or even brushing your teeth should be celebrated as a win. And State Farm is here to help you celebrate all your wins. The State Farm personal price Plan helps you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options is selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


Hi everyone. It's Savannah Guthrie and Hoko from The Today Show. Nobody Does the holidays like today from festive performances and great gift ideas To tips for the perfect holiday Feast. Join us every morning on NBC and make today your home for the holidays.


Where'd You get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New drafting customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code Money Moves. That's code Money Moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


As A former NFL player, I know a thing or two about high performance and that's why I drive the BMW seven series. This car has everything I need. It's big enough, comfortable enough, and luxurious enough to meet even my high expectations. When I'm behind the wheel of the BMW. I'm not just driving a car, I'm driving legacy. What I love most is the precision engineering, cutting edge technology and unmatched style. Whether it's spacious interior, the powerful engine, or the smooth ride, BMW makes sure every detail is on point. I trust BMW to deliver the ultimate driving experience and I know you will too. So why wait. Head over to BMW usa.com. Check out models like the sporty X three, the All electric I four. Build your dream car today and join me in experiencing luxury and performance that only the ultimate driving machine can offer.


Hello, ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Boy, boy, boy, what some games we had today. This is what championship football should be, not the games we had last night. Is 45, 18 and 24 to this? No, the game should come down to One Possession because we believe we have the two best teams in the conference battling it out for the conference championship and for a right to go to the college football playoffs. And that's what we got today and OCHO and I can't wait to get into it. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite author, Shannon Sharp. He is Liberty City's own bingo Ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowler, the All pro.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. But you can just call him ocho. Please, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. And do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And we want to thank you OCHO and I and the entire Nightcap team for the support that you've shown us over the last 17 months. Hopefully that support continues because without you, there is no us. Please make sure you go check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock and we want you to have a joyous, a very joyous holiday season. What better way to celebrate than what the bottle of Shea by La Porter. Now if you cannot find it, any city or state near you, you can order it and we'll ship it directly to your door just in time for the holidays.


And one more thing, do me a favor, please drink responsibly. Please go check out my media company or all of its platforms, Shehe Media and my clothing company. 84. We had our newest release that just dropped and we have new sweats, new shirts, and we've also released some stocking stuffers, beanies, coozies and mugs. But remember, one of these are limited, so please get yours. Wild supplies. Last ocho before we get into this presale tickets for the Super Bowl show in New Orleans. Our first tour stop are on sale. Now you can find the link on all our social pages. The artist presale codes.


NSFW, I repeat N as in Nancy, S as in Sam, F as in Frank, W as in William. That is the code tonight. Oregon wins the big 10 title. Dylan Gabriel. Four touchdown leads the duck passed the number three. Penn State Niley Lions to remain undefeated. Nico Reed picked up Drew Alar with less, with a little over with less than two minutes left in the ball game. Ocho, that is a good interception as that you'll see a collegiate player make in your life the way he pinned him. I I would just say that he, they listen the way he pinned him and held him back and didn't allow him, didn't allow him to get through him.


You get on top of it. Yeah. And, and and hey, that, that was, that was a very good, that is what? That's a veteran. That's a veteran play. That's a NFL veteran DV player. Don't panic, relax, hold him off and let that thing drop right in the bucket to seal the game. And you thought he was the receiver because the way he pinned him, because now the receiver can't get on top of it. I got you pinned to the sideline. Now it's gonna have to be a perfect throw because I made you run the loop once I made you run the loop and you couldn't stack me. Now I can use my momentum to ride it to the sideline. Now you see how the ball dropped down to the chimney. It just so happens I was in front of the, I was in front of the receiver, so I'm the receiver now.


So it dropped right down to my bed bread basket. And for him to make that type of a catch at some point in time, it's hard for me to believe Ocho that he didn't play on the opposite side of football at some point in time. Yeah, he had to play the receiver. He had to play the receiver at some point because it was too smooth and too natural. Yes, yes. For him not to play receiver at some point. Yeah. That was unbelievable game. I thought the duck were gonna run away with OCHO at one point in time. Yeah, I think the score was 28 to 10. I was like, ah, man, they finna make miss meet of Penn State. And it's seemingly like Penn State always gets in these games and big games. Big games and they don't play big. Yeah. And I think that's, that seems to be, that's the, that's the knock on James Franklin.


I'm not saying not a good coach, but he, he loses far too many of these games in order for us to put him in that great category. Because normally Ohio State, he catches the l Big Bowl games. He catches the L and it's not like he hasn't had good talent because he's had some really good talent. Oh yeah. Dylan Gabriel tonight was 22 or 32, 2 83, 4 touchdowns no picks. Oregon ran the ball 43 times for 183 yards. And I think that's the thing that people don't realize that how much Oregon actually runs the football. They would run it a lot more than you think they did. You think they just sprayed them all, all over the field. But they, they, they, they run the football. They do. Nobody had a big game.


Ocho Jordan James was 20, Karas 87 yards, nor Whittington had 15 carriers for 82. And if you look at the last, Gabriel had 11 yards. That was that last run where he got the first down slid and, and protected himself. 43 Karas, 183 yards, 283 yards passing. But they played really good. They look really good explosive. They, they really explosive offensively. You, you know what I would like to see, honestly, now I'm, this is just a hypothetical. I'm just throwing it out there. Obviously with Penn State, having the ball towards the end of the game and having an opportunity to actually, well actually they would had the score go for two. Yeah. Correct. Yeah, they would, I would've really liked to see that last offensive drive. I would've loved to see Penn State score and, and watch Oregon see what they can do and, and see and see what they could do with making it an even game.


Where we going overtime? Let, let's, let's, let's, let's play ball. Well you think like, I think because I've said I'm looking at Oregon. Okay. You've been going up and down the field now when you absolutely have to get up and down the go, go up the field. Can you get it done now? Yeah. 'cause we saw where there was no pressure on you. You went down there, you got seven and the next thing you know you got 14 and you got X, Y, and Z and you were boom, boom, boom, boom. Now when you absolutely have to have it right, can you go get it again when you have to? 'cause that's the mark of really, I look at offense and defensive football and yeah, we can say whatever, but if, how can you be a great defense if you can't get a stop when you need it Ocho Right. You need to get the team off the field on third down and you don't do it and you allow them to keep getting third down at the third down at third down.


Or you can't get a big, a big stop to take 'em out of field goal range. Or you can't get a turnover offensively you that good offensively. You can't get a first down to kill the clock to make sure the the opposing offense doesn't get the ball. That's how I measure offense and defense. Yes. We like to see offense go up and down the field. We like to see defense stop people. Right. But when you absolutely have to have it, can you go get it done? And you were thinking the same thing I was thinking, I was like, man, I kind of want Penn State to get this thing 'cause I wanna see what PI wanna see what Oregon can do when the backs against the wall. Because the last thing I don't think, I don't think nobody really wants to go into overtime.


Yeah, because you, you, you never know a until pass here, miss that miss there. You really don't know. Yeah, but give Oregon credit, they're gonna be the number one seed. They're going to get a buy, but they get the buy right. But is is that really good? Think about it. Think, think, think about it. Normally when you get a buy, I'm thinking about me, but I can't, I can't even talk about me because we ain't really had no black 'cause I ain't gonna see no goddamn playoffs. But no first reason, no goddamn verse seed. But I wouldn't wanna lose the momentum. I wouldn't wanna lose the chemistry that we have as a, as an offense or as a defense or that, or that flow and rhythm that we may be in.


I wouldn't want no goddamn by. I wanna, I wanna keep, I wanna keep that train rolling. Well, you know college is D in nfl. No tell what's gonna happen. You get that by and and, and everything fall far. The shit when you come back, when you come back and play ojo, you remember college is not like, now I don't know how the this format is going because you have extra teams, but you remember college. Hey man, they used to get three, four weeks off before they play a game. You talking about to bye. Them jokes go on for Christmas break, come back. Hey Gary, hey get ready to play a football game. Oh Joe. Right? They not like us. You know, we might get you play and then if you get home field, you got home field throughout. You used to have two bys. Okay? You got the week, you got the week off and then you play the follow week.


Man, these joke here get three, four weeks off. Yeah man. But it's, I I don, I don't like that. Nah. Penn State drew Lar, he 2020 or 39, 2 26, 3 touchdowns, two interceptions. But if you go back and look at the interception the guys made on him, they made some phenomenal plays. He, the ball was a little late. Eight made a great play. I didn't even know he picked the ball until he started running the other way. Hell, I thought I oh Joe, I thought the ball hit the ground. He running. I'm like, what the hell he running for? He, he caught it. He, matter of fact, he late hand the ball. He late hand this. Yes. All the way damn near to, you know, to his knees. Yep.


Penn State ran the football. I think the thing is ojo, if Penn State could have got the lead and relied on the Russian game, but because they fell behind, because look, Kayron Allen had 14 carries of buck 24. Right. Nicholas Singleton had 10 for a buck. Oh five. Now if we got the lead, we could rely on that. And so to keep the organs offense off the field, I mean they ran the ball 35 times for 2 92, 8 0.3 yards of carry two touchdowns. Yeah. But when you're behind, it's kinda hard to run the ball effectively. Yeah. I mean you get some yard, but Oregon don't care because all that is tick tick, tick, tick tick tick tick tick tick, tick. Let let Yeah. Clock going down.


And so, but give a a very interesting game. A game that I thought was gonna be a blowout Penn State. Give them credit. They made it a very interesting game. And but Oregon's defense, when they had to make a play, they made a play. Yeah. And the Oregon offense runs the clock out as they win. As they win the big 10 title, the only undefeated team and they get to buy Go ahead. Alright, so I got, I got, I got a question as okay, as far as the playoffs are concerned, do we know the team that are going to be in the playoffs yet? No, we don't. We could assume that Oregon obviously Georgia. Yeah. Now it's gonna be interesting what they're gonna do with Clemson. Clemson did win the a CC. There are nine win.


There are three losses team, but they have three. They have three losses. They have losses get in. If Clemson get in, goddamn damn a Alabama. Alabama gonna find a way in too. It seems like Boise State's gonna get in. They're a one lost team won a conference. Right. Arizona State probably get in. They're a one lost team. Yeah. Won the conference. It's gonna be interesting to see because now you got Penn State. Penn State is a two lost team. They're probably gonna get in Texas a two lost team. They're probably gonna get in. So it's gonna be interesting to see how this thing shapes up ocho. Right. We don't know definitively, but we, I think we kind of got a pretty good idea of Yes sir. The team obviously Georgia.


Oregon, I think Oregon, Georgia, Penn State, Texas. I think those are for sure right now. We did Boise State, I think because they only lost one game. I think they get in Arizona State has a very strong argument because they did. I know everybody says the Big 12 is down this year and okay fine. But they only won one loss. They only have one loss and they won a conference. Right. Boys state one loss they lost to Oregon. Very close. I think they lost 32, 39. They have one loss won a conference. I think it's the, a lot of these at larges. I think it's a lot of these at larges.


That's gonna be, yeah, it's gonna be a lot of at largest. We'll get to that a little later Ocho. Okay. Woo. Clemson wins the a CC title. The Tigers convert on a walk off 56 yard field goal to stunned. SMU it's the first time. SSM the first year SMU was in the A CC. Right. Clint Knick was 24 41. 2 62 4 touchdowns as they went on a walk off field goal 56 yards. And that's what you want until you want these games. Yeah. Look, these are supposed to be the two best teams.


So the two best teams. If you got the two best teams on show, I, I don't care what nobody say. I ain't supposed to see 56, 10. I ain't supposed to be see 60, 60 something to seven. That's not how it's supposed to be. Like last year when Florida State played Georgia. Yeah. When the four state played Georgia. No, when t when t when TCU played Georgia, it got be 65 to seven. Oh yeah. That, that was nasty. That was nasty work. But but tonight's game lit. Honestly. All of the games, the game was awesome. All Olympic game championship games were the type of game that you wanna see. Yep. Yep. Give SMU look, Clemson jumped out 21 7. Yeah, but give gave give SSMU credit because this game is really kinda like in the backyard.


Clemson is not that far from Charlotte. I'm sure they had, they had a big contingent there. 'cause Clemson traveled very well, especially up and down the, on the south. They, they take a lot. They got a big, you know, Clemson, they don't have the level of talent that they had say the last like 3, 4, 5 years when they had Deshaun and they had Trevor Lawrence and they had Key Higgins and they had Kristen Wilkins and they had all those guys, Cleland Farrell, and they had a lot of that, that that top tier talent. Ocho But Clemson, man, they used to have some dogs, man. Yeah. You know, they, they had d, DHA and Sammy walking. Yeah. They had some, they had some boys Now Mar Bryan the, at Travis at TN Yeah.


They done had some dogs come through there. I'm looking at SMU, Kevin, Jens 32 or 51, 3 10, 6 3 touchdowns won an interception. They ran the ball 34 times for 180, 1 48 and another touchdown. And they's like, man, we got him. And Clemson say, you don't got us, I mean, for a college kid to kick up, you know, to kick that ball. 56 yards ocho in, in that type of situation. I don't think people listen, the casual fan. The casual fan, even the football fan wouldn't understand the kind of pressures it is on a college kicker, let alone an NFL kicker where the, your foot, your the game is on the line with your foot.


Yeah. That's the whole lot of pressure, man. Yeah. From 30, from 40, hell, 56, that's a whole nother ball game. I think you know what Ocho to be honest with you, tell me what you think about this. Yeah. I think as the distance increases, the pressure decreases because people now all of a sudden not start to think he ain't gonna make it anyway. So why? Oh, okay. It is not like it's 35. It's not like it's 40 and under. So now all of a sudden we talking about a college kid kicking 50, 55, damn near 60. So I think the pressure decreases as opposed to you. Oh yeah, yeah. I don't, I don't know. I, I would think would be the opposite way because the further out you go as a kicker, if your technique is off a little bit because it's because you're so far out, the chance of the ball going left are going right.


The chance of it not actually going straight. Now the closer, the closer in you are, the chances are okay, if I kick it right, even if I do happen to swing it left a little bit, it still has the chance to go in because I'm not as far back. Because, but here's the thing, not everybody's expecting you to make that 30 yarder. How many people in that stadium thought of 50? A college kid gonna make a 56 yarder? It's like having a big lead. See, all the pressure was on the Atlanta Falcons because they had the 28 3 lead. Yeah. Out down 28 3. Oh, I throw caution to the wind. So if we lose 56 to 10, who cares? We supposed to lose anyway. Right? But what happens if we come back?


What happens if we, if we make it 2018, what happens if we make it 28 17? Right? What happens? Boom, boom, boom. Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa. It's a one score game. Ocho, we get a stop here. We get a stop here, Ocho, we get the ball back now. The pressure now as opposed to a nipping tuck ball game. Tuck ball game. Hey, you got something to lose too. I ain't got nothing to lose Ocho 28 3 I, that's just me. I mean, I could be wrong, Chad, to be interested to see what you guys think. I just think as the distance increases, the pressure decreases. Well, listen, you gotta understand. You, you, I mean, you sitting, you, you sitting here talking to a kicker himself? Oh, you tell you feel me, I I was a kicker in high school.


I was a kicker in college. Hell, I was a backup kicker for the goddamn bangla for, for 11 something years. So I'm, I'm just telling you in a situation like that, the close you are, it's like a layup. It's like a layup. 30 yards, 25 yards. 35. Now you start talking about 45 and back. Now that's like Steph Curry. Now you, you shooting from the three, the percentage and the chances of making it become a little bit slimmer. Right? I remember, I remember when Patrick Ewen blew that layup, a three foot layup and people like, like, man, how you seven foot tall in Mr A three foot layup?


You know, like, and, and you know, and I get it because you know, you seven foot tall, you right there at the basket. I be like, right, right, right. But he got in, do I shoot it with Eve? Do I dunk it? And he got caught in between and he shot it and it kind of hit the back. And he, well it didn't shot, he didn't kind of, he shot a little bit too hard and he hit the back iron and carried 'em out. But this was an unbelievable game. All the games today, OCHO came really, they were one possession game. Very good. Yeah. They came down to the very end. And I think the conference are very, very excited with what they got


Game on because ES espn plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before with ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76 ERs and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus, where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studios, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com For details.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Hoda Copy from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So Join us every morning on NBC to make today your hope for the holidays. Congratulations to 3:00 AM Innovations on their first place. Win for innovation in community. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business 3:00 AM used T-Mobile 5G to enable Florian the first AI enabled incident command platform for first responders.


Florian's features include real-time tracking of personnel on A 3D map and voice activation. AI is used to filter out background noise until it hears a trigger word such as mayday, increasing situational awareness on the ground and improving onsite safety. This will shape rapid response moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates 3:00 AM for their unconventional thinking, Paramount Plus is your home for the Wafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is underway with the brand new format and things are heating up. This year, champ League is giving us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgivable moments from the world's most beautiful game match.


Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes, including Doman versus Barer and NTUs versus Man City on Wednesday, December 11th. Can't decide what match to watch. Paramount Plus also has you covered with the GSO Show a whip around show with all goals from every match stream. Every match live on Paramount Plus the home of the UA for Champions League. And you can try it free at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice. Up to $1,000 a monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers with in the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing up ISS easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you re ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay, pay Terms and limits apply. See PayPal dot com slash rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on Up to $1,000 spend per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. Na pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Georgia wins another SEC title, the number five Bulldogs clenched the first round by with the 2219 win over the number two Texas, despite Carson Beck's injury. Gunner Stockton comes off the bench goes 12 of 1671 yards with an interception. Carson Beck was seven of 1356 yards and Drew Bobo was one of one for nine yards. OCHO and I, I don't, but I think Stockton, I don't know if they win this game, if Carson Beck stays in this game. It's almost like a situation because you remember when, when Tua would know no Tua got hurt. Right? And then what you call 'em came in, Jalen Hurtz came in in the SEC championship game and Beat said Georgia Bulldog.


Or you go back to the national championship game where Jalen Hurtz was playing so bad and Tua comes off the bench. And then, because here's the thing, Ocho, they ain't practice for Drew Star. They ain't practic for the backup. No, you don't practice for the backup because you don't anticipate him getting out. Especially now if you run some plays now the Steelers are different. I expect to see one or two plays in which Jordan Fields is gonna get in the game. So I have to a, he comes in the game, this is what he likes to do. They like to run the boot with him. They like to run the the QB power stuff like that. So I gotta anticipate that. I mean, I hadn't seen, you hadn't seen Stockton except op up. Yeah. Yeah.


So I'm not anticipating him being in the game, but, but this is the thing about it. Even, even even for Texas where Stockton coming in the game thinking how, how much of the playbook does he, he knows most of the playbook, but how much of the playbook are they gonna give to him as opposed to bet? I think that the playbook, it shrinks and then to me defensively, it would make it a little bit easier to have to deal with him because there's only so much they're gonna allow him to do. There's a reason why he is the backup. Right. I mean, like, that's just my thought process. I could be wrong. Yeah, but it's ocho it's not, it's not like, it's not like the NFL where the disparity between the starting quarterback and the backup. Oh yeah. It's so hard. It's huge. It's huge. Yeah, it's huge. Because Stockton was probably what, a three or four star recruit?


Yes sir. So it's not, it is like you got, you got Patrick Mahomes and then you got his backup, or you got Joe Burrow and you got his backup. Right. You got Josh Allen with the discrepancy. Right. And talent. It's so vast. Yeah. And so, yes, now I have to condense the playbook. But in college because of the talent pool that's surrounding, ah, hey bro, just get the ball out your hand. But Ocho I watched this game. Yeah. Did you see that? Interception kids? Can y'all stop celebrating Texas get an interception. That's supposed to be a pick six. All number three has to do is block seven.


If he blocks it Ocho, that's a tough, that's reservation for six. Yeah. He's celebrating and the guy runs right by it and makes the tackle. Yeah. You know, your offense is struggling. Your offense is struggling to get the ball in the end zone. Yeah. Every opportunity counts. You got, you got to maximize that. I Yeah, but everybody gets so caught up in the walk to celebrate. I guarantee you, I guarantee you his defensive coordinator, his DB coach is telling him exactly what you and I are discussing. Yeah. Son, you got, if you make this block, this is a touchdown. If you go look at it, first of all, all the other receivers are way to the other side.


Now you ain't got nothing but the quarterback that got hit and off and, and offensive lineman, all you gotta do is block because number seven sees it. He, he, he heads that way. If three blocks number seven from the Bulldogs. Yeah. That's a walk-in touchdown. Yeah. They, they're gonna probably win the game. You know, you know, you gotta understand like the excitement in in, in a situation like that, especially for a college kid, for a young kid or something like that to be happening, you know, your, your mind, it goes to an instant celebration based on the play that was made as opposed to, oh shit, let me, let me look around and be focused and, and have that self-awareness to block to make sure he does get in there.


So you gotta think about when you was that age, you know, is it, it it, it is kind of different. So the way we are thinking about it is completely different because we played at the highest level and we know ain't no celebrations happening until we you about this. Yeah. Until we crossed that line. You ain't until I crossed that goddamn line at that point at I, okay, I'm different. You know what I'm trying to do? I'm headhunting, I'm trying to catch me somebody slipping. Oh, y'all could do that back then. You know, you can't do that no more now. You can't do that now, Joe. But hey, I'm headhunt, right? I'm looking, I'm looking to peel somebody cap. But here's the thing. He's coming. So this theoretically isn't a a, a crack black or a block, a block behind the plate.


Right, right, right. So all he has to do is get a hand, get in the way. Just get in the way. That's all he gotta do. Get in the way. He gotta in Texas win. If, if they And, and Sark, if you go back and look at Sark on the sideline, he knows it. He like damnit because he know Ocho. Yeah. You know, you struggling, you struggle. Yes. You struggle. Yeah. We need that man. Ocho I'm not saying that ERs won't be a great pro Ocho. He, you don't see it, man, bro, you know what, remember it's, it is important. It's sational. Huh?


It's situational. It, depending on where he goes, you think, you think he goes late later rounds and he's a backup somewhere then if he's in a great situation with a supporting cast, that's really good. You know, there's some receivers that can make you quarterbacks. Yeah. It's some running backs that could take the pressure off your quarterback to where he looks good. Where he looks decent. I'm, I'm, there's, there's nothing wrong with Brock Purdy. I think Brock Purdy's the good quarterback. Yes. But look at the supporting cast and what he has around him. He's god damn decent. Right. Can, can, can you put Carson back in that goddamn 49 ERs offense? You think he's gonna be okay? Yeah. It's all about timing. It's all about timing. Getting the ball, getting the ball out at the right time.


He has a great supporting cast. Now can you put Carson Beck, goddamn in Carolina? No, no, no. Can you put, what's the other guy's name? What's his name? Oh. Oh, you talking about Stockton? Yeah. Stock. Oh, Stockton. Quin ERs yours. Oh, you, your, you put yours, you know, ERs in San Francisco, he'd be fine. It's all about timing. Some quarterbacks need players to elevate them. Yeah. Some quarterback can elevate players. Patrick Mahomes, Tom Brady. Right. There are certain quarterbacks they can elevate marginal talent and get more out of them. Some quarterbacks need more talent to uplift them and there's nothing wrong with that.


But I mean, some of the mistakes that he makes, I'm like, bro, what I'm trying to figure out, 'cause I'm trying to, because I'm like, go back and run that again because I'm trying to see what he's seeing. I can, I don sometimes don't join. That's what I want to replay for because I wanna see maybe, maybe I'm like, but I'm looking like bro damn. And I know I, I think he has an injury, but I don't look at him as being like ex mobile. And I, I'm probably sure there are a lot of people in Austin that's thinking if we put Orange Manning in there, we win that game. You think so? I bet. I bet you I like, I can say I don't really follow anybody.


I don't really follow any, you know, I, I don't follow blogs and stuff like that to see what they said about the local team and things like that. I don't follow really anybody that, that, I don't think that follows Texas like that. Right. But it's hard for me to believe. 'cause I know a lot of people thought like, you know what? I guarantee you they probably thought that, man, if we had Arch Manning in that, that's a game that we could've won. I mean ccb. But after, when Arch Manning comes in the game, I'm thinking, you know what I'm thinking when he comes in the game, I say it's run. Yeah. Yeah. It's run. The funny thing about it is, when Arch played early in the season when he was out, arch could now only run. Yeah. Oscar was throwing that thing like crazy. Whoa. Yeah, he was throw all over the field. Listen tonight, I mean Texas, they had nobody but to blame for themselves.


I mean, they had two Miss Field goals. Hell, they, they they followed for the goddamn damn fake pun. First OCHO at that area. First of all, you have to understand Sational football, you just got a, you, you just got a situation when you went down and scored. Right. The last thing the team want to do is give you the ball right back. Yeah. Put your punt safe. Punt safe. Whatcha gonna try? Where you going? Yeah. Coaches gotta, coaches gotta know that that's on the coaches. Yes. They have to know that it's all, it's, it's, it's situational football and understanding what's going on at the time. I, I don't get these G guys understand, you just scored a touchdown.


Clearly you got the momentum and you just forced them to go three and out. Right. They, the last thing they wanna do is to give you the football back. Hey, let's go. Hey, watch the fake. Let's go. Hey, just to make sure, let's go punt safe. Right? What you put, first of all, how many times when, when's the last time Texas returned a punt? Come on bro. It's not the time to try to be hero and set up a return because you set up a return. Your guy gonna have to go early and now you see what happens. Now you allow them to get a first down. They keep, they keep the ball. Yeah. It's, it, it's stuff. It's stuff like that. Ocho that's the thing.


Sational football that's so important. And the really good ones, they understand that. Yeah. You got, you have to know the situation and what's, what's what transpired, man. Damn. They just, man, we just scored. Let's get the ball back. You, you can't ask for anything more. Just force them to a three it out. Right Now you about to get the ball back. Ocho let's go put say I ain't worried about I ain't worried about it. I don't care about a return. Right. I just want the ball. But give Georgia credit. They win in overtime. Walk it off. They played eight overtimes last week against Georgia Tech. They play another or they play what, two overtime games? Not one.


Because Texas kicked the field goal and then Georgia got the ball and they scored Score, score, score. Yeah. They scored on theirs, their possession. And they win 2219 to secure a spot in the college football playoffs and a buy because you know, whoever won the SEC was going to get receive a buy. Arizona State makes the college football playoffs with a 45 19 win over Iowa State in the Big 12 title game Cam SBO and Arizona State on quite a run. They were picked LA to finish last of 16 teams. Ocho Yeah. Arizona State was picked to finish 16th and the big 12 day big 12 debut after being preseason pick to finish at the bottom of the conference.


Sam Levitt 12 17, 2 19 3 touchdown. And and they ran the ball 39 times for 2 45, 16, 1 70. And they blow out the Iowa State cyclones. Yeah. And they secure their spot in the college football playoff. Dammit. That wasn't much of a game. That that's, that's the only one where it wasn't much of a game. It it was, it was, it was one sided. Yeah. It was one sided. Hey, Arizona State was good though. They, Hey listen, they surprised me. Yeah. They, they, they surprised me. They, they've been, they've been bad. You know, they've been bad for a while.


They for a while now. Yep. So them to come out and play the way they played the entirety of the season, you know, I mean, salute to them. Goddamn Kudos, man. We spoiled that song Colorado in this game. Yeah. You right. All they had to do was take care of Kansas. Yeah. That's all they do, don't y'all? So it would've been, it would've been, it would've been Colorado. Who? A SU or Iowa State probably ar Arizona State. Oh, that would, yeah. That would've been a nice one. That would've been a nice game. Dang. Rocco Beck was 21 to 35. Two 14 a touchdown, two touchdowns, one in interception. They look, they were just overmatch.


It, it, I mean, ain't really nothing. He, they could've done this and could've done that. Arizona stage has been playing unbelievable football the last six, seven weeks of the season. And they've gotten better and better and better. Their running game is outstanding. Yeah. You saw the job that they CBO did on Arizona, their rival in state rival. They, they, they were clearly the better team. And that's what you want to have happen, Ocho, when we go into a game and we know, excuse me, we know we're the better team. Man, stop. D ding around man. I ain't fooling with y'all as Kat said, I know I'm coming. Y'all know I'm coming. I know y'all going be there when I get there.


Why? But that's, Hey, matter of fact that that's, you said, think about this though. What's up is a hypothetical. If Arizona State was to play Colorado and Scap ran the way he just did, what's the one thing Colorado struggled with when they played? God damn. Stop the run. Well, hey, you better sell out to stop the damn run. See what it was. So you saw what Kansas did, Kansas, right? That that running back had 200. Yeah. Who else had North Dakota State? They ran the ball. If you look at the game they lost it was because their inability to stop the run run. Yeah. Stopping and run and protect the ur. Yeah. Yeah. But we'll never know.


Give, give Arizona State, they're going to the college football playoffs gonna make saute the conference a lot of money. Yep. Salute. I like it. So number 10, boys in state grabs a college football playoff spot beating the number 19 ULLV running revs in the mountain West championship. Aston Genty 32 carries 209 yards in a touchdown. Okay. Many believed that he closed the gap. Something might, he might have overtaken Travis Hunter who was, who was off. I don't, because his odds did fall OCHO because the young man. Yeah. Was he not like 150, 160 yards away from Barry Sanders record.


Hey man, I, okay, go ahead. Yeah. I'm gonna let you finish Ash, gimme his total numbers now because I think he has 344. I think he had 2 12 3, he had 3 12 32, 3 44. So he had 344 carries. But I still think he's a hundred and something. 150 yards. Let's just say, give or take 10 yards from Barry's single season rushing record. Like I said, bowl game. So he's going, he's got another game to play. Yeah. The thing that gets him OCHO is that he's gonna pop one every, if you go back and look, he pop a 30, 40, 50, 60, 80 yarder.


Right. So now he's playing with house money because if I give him, if he pops one for 70, 80 yards Ocho, I give him the ball 20 more times, he's gonna have at least 80 yards. Listen, I I don't, I don't like, I don't listen, I I don think you understand before you go ojo. Yeah. He has 344 carries. He's three yards short. 5, 2500. So he needs, I think Barry had 26, 28. So he needs a hundred and 132 yards to break Barry's single season rushing total.


Now remember now OCHO Barry did play in the holiday bowl. He rushed for 2 25 and five touchdowns. Right. But those stats didn't count. And a lot of NFL players are voicing their support, support for Aston Genty. Jonathan Stewart, Aston Genty is the Heisman winner. If you swap Colorado, they are in the top 10. Team Matt Liner, rock Huard said Aston Genty should win the Heisman Trophy. Right. Ocho I think you have strong disagreement with that. Yeah, I, God damn right. I have a strong disagreement. I just, I just wanna name all the people that have done what Ashton Genty has done. No disrespect. No, no disrespect to him.


You know, kudos, salute, you know, for, for his achievement this season, Barry Sanders has been a 2000 yard rush in college. Am I correct? Yes. Melvin Gordon has been a 2000 yard rusher in college as as well. Am I correct? Yes. Marcus Allen. Am I correct? The first 2000 yard rush in college. Okay. Derrick Henry, am I correct? Yes. Yes. LaDainian. Tomlinson. Am I correct? Yes. Yes. Adrian P Wait, wait a minute. No. AP did 1960 his freshman year. No, I meant, I I meant to say remember Troy Davis? He did it twice. He did it twice. Troy Davis. He went to South Ridge down here. Down here, down south of Miami. Let me keep going. Matt Forte had a thousand, right?


2000. 2000, correct. Yep. Ricky Williams. Yeah. Had a 2000 yard season, correct? Yes. Are Larry Johnson, Kansas City and played with Cincinnati. Larry Johnson had a 2000 and Smith from Central Florida had 2,500. Christian McCaffrey had a 2000 yard season. Right. Ron Dane, I'm, I'm still going on and on and on. The people that achieved exactly what Ashton Gente has done, what Travis Hunter has done this season on both sides of the ball hasn't been done before.


It hasn't been before. At the level it, at the level he's done it. Yes. We've had two way players. We had the, the Charles Wilsons, you know, we Baileys the Chan Baileys, the, is it Chris Gamble, what you call 'em, did it Ohio State Miles Jack Miles. Jack did it also Miles Jack, you know. Yes. They done it, but they didn't do it to the extent in which he did it Every goddamn snap of this season. Both sides of the ball. Efficient on both sides of the ball. Come on, man. I respect what Ash, what Brother Gente has done, but everybody's done it.


Nobody's done what Travis Hunter has done this year on the defensive side of the ball and the offensive side of the ball every snap. Come on, man. What are we talking about? And that's no disrespect to brother, my brother from Boise State. Man, you had a hell of a season. Yes. But what Travis Hunter did this year, mad as different man. Some, some old, that's some old alien type man. Come on, man. Know that it's, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna let you finish. I don't wanna say it wrong. Yeah. For me, I I I, I, for me, I think Travis Hunter is the best collegiate player in college football. And I'm not talking about snaps because snaps is not a stat.


No, but I'm saying if you look at what he did on the opposite side of football, you look at what he's done on the defensive side of the football, it's hard for me to say that there's a, I've seen a better college player. Mm. I haven't, I don't know if we've seen, I don't know if we've seen a better college athlete that played a game of football. No, I can't say that I've seen that. And to, to to be top five in, in receiving yards to be top five in, in receptions to play at the level that he played at on the defensive side of the football. That's just me. Look, I, and I understand, I respect these guys. Matt Liner is a, is a, is a Heisman Trophy winner. Yes. And he gets the vote. Sir Brock Huard analyzed the game.


I love the way he calls the game. Jonathan Stewart played in, played in the league. Yeah. And played at a very high level. So I respect all these guys' opinion, but for me, the best collegiate player in football is tra is is Travis Hunter. Yeah. I mean, I mean, anyone that, that would, that would disagree. Again, some people look at a whole hold Travis at the stake because of their personal vendettas against Prime, because it's Colorado for whatever reason, they won't give him his credit, his due credit. You know, those people that can't get the side with their personal reason for hating prime and are gonna allow that to affect what Travis Hunter has done and their decision making when it comes to, you know, the Heisman voting or it just, it's like, it's, it's ridiculous man.


It's, it, it is ridiculous. Yeah. And those that have played the game of football, that have actually played the game of football and are watching him do what he's doing and still have thoughts that someone other should, would have. Heisman is beyond me because I've never seen it. Yeah. And I was a great athlete. Yeah. And I ain't never seen no shit like that. Yeah. Yeah. And I don don't, I don't care. You y'all looking at, and, and my thing is more I don't, he well he ain't gonna be, I I don't care if he could do it at the next level we're talking about at this level. Yeah. The Highman trophy ain't got nothing to do with the NFL level we're talking about this year. Yeah. And for people to say, well, he's not even a top 10 player. Come on now. He's not a fool. I-I-I-I-I believe look, he not a what? Yeah. That now see now y'all just saying stuff just to say stuff because he is a top 10 player and his draft is going to his, his his draft status is gonna reflect that.


Yeah. Look, maybe he, maybe he won't be as good a receiver in the NFL. Maybe he won't be as good a db, but we're talking about right now as a collegiate player ocho that's what we're talking about. Because who to say the Aston Genty is gonna go to the NFL and play and have the type of career in the NFL that he had in college. Right. A lot of times, guy Troy Davis, I don't even think played us. Now Matt Forte had a couple of good years in the NFL, I think the Smith kid, U-F-C-U-C-F I don't think he might have, well I think he played like a year or two in Detroit, but he never had to. Obviously we know, look Barry and LaDanian of Marcus Allen, you know, Hey, Ron Dane.


Ron Dane didn't have the type of career. He wasn't, he was the all time lead rush in col in college history. Right. Ricky Williams. You heard me. It is different at that next level now. Yeah. It is one, it is one thing to be able to put smaller when you get to that next level. Them grown men, them grown men, they got mouth to feed them. Grown men, them grown men. They have a wife to take care of. Yeah. Yeah. They got, they got, they got kids mortgages due Cardo rent, insurance side chick. And guess you gotta, you gotta realize, think you finna come, come on. You finna come to the next level. Think you running for 2000 every season, man.


Shit. Every, because here's the thing in, in college, and what I try to tell people, look on a college team, let's take the best college team ever assembled, sir. Let's just say out of 115 players, they got 30 NFL players, right? The NFL got a 53 man roster. All of them more foes in the NFL, all of them there, right? Even the, the 15 or 16 practice squad guys are in the NFL. So that's the difference. What you're going against every si and what I tell people this o opioid, I to tell people all the time, I don't care if you talk, take the best player, the best offensive lineman, the best defensive lineman, you take the best db you take the best wide receiver.


Right? If that guy in the NFL, he can make him look foolish. Yeah. An average DB can take a great wide receiver and tie, but he like what happened to him, he must be hurt. Right. And the sa and the same thing a I've seen of great offensive lineman and guys, just guys like that. How you beat that man for two sacks. That man's a first team all pro tackle and you got two sacks and three es on. Yep. Yep. Game on.


Because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus, you can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before with ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and Knicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76 ERs and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus, where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the Blockbuster film. Marvel Studios, Deadpool and Wolverine now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney Plus. Available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com For details.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Ho Toko from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So join us every morning on NBC to make today your hope for the holidays. Congratulations to the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine for the first ever Malcolm Gladwell Tipping Point designation. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business.


The university used integrated IO OT devices and 5G solutions from T-Mobile to enable multiple synchronized health monitors, allowing for real-time remote data collection and analysis. The initiative will shape patient care moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Paramount Plus is your home for Thera for Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is underway with a brand new format and things are heating up. This year's Champion League is giving us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgivable moments from the world's most beautiful game match. Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes, including Doman versus Barker and NTUs versus Man City On Wednesday, December 11th can decide what match to watch.


Paramount Plus also has you covered with the Zo Show a whip around show with all goals from every match stream. Every match live on Paramount Plus the home of the UA for Champions League. And you can try it free at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Did you know the PayPal debit card now earns you 5% cash back in the monthly category of your choosing groceries, health, restaurants, beauty, gas, and apparel in Up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Sephora, and Instacarts. Like having a little extra in your pocket. Every month I'm using PayPal debit card to earn 5% cash back on apparel with my travel schedule. I'm on the go. Sometimes I have to buy clothes online. It's the new normal. Just sign up for the PayPal debit card through the new app and you're ready to go. Download the new PayPal app. Sign up, start earning 5% cash back today. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limit apply. See PayPal dot com slash rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on Up to $1,000 spent per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. Na pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Man, it it, it's, it's different when you going up against a grown man and his only job is to what? Be a football player. Yeah. These guys gotta go to class, they gotta go to study hall, they gotta do all this other stuff. Professionals. All they do is play professional football. Yeah. And they, you know, some people will say like, where I said basically that it's grown men at the next level and it's not gonna be easy. And then they'll probably say, well hell, the same will will go for Travis Hunter and him being successful at the next level. Listen, if if you, if you, if you know football, if you understand skill sets and you understand DNA And if you understand a person being special at what they do, you know when it's going to transition.


Well, he's one of them players. He's one of those people. He's he's one of those people. It's going to transition. I'm, I'm just, just, just so people don't say, all you just said is difficult when, when players go from college and the chance of making it the next level or being as successful as you were in college to the next level, it's difficult. Yes. But you can tell, you just know. But Ocho we're not saying he's gonna dominate the NFL like he did college. Right. Oh, I I I mean I'm, I'm I'm asking Yeah. But, but I'm saying let, let's just say he has to speak. Let's just say they have packages and Yeah, because you know what happens, Joe, when you have a dominant college career, people automatically assume you're gonna come do that in the NFL.


Yeah. The expectations are up there. Yeah, that's, and, and, but you set those expectations by doing what you've done at the collegiate level. So it doesn't matter when you play football or basketball or baseball or whatever the case may be. When you have, when you set up lofty expectations, when you see guys like a Fred Curley in track, or you see guys like a Michael Norman in track and they have outstanding careers. What is it? Xavier X Man, he won the hundred and the 400 meters, but injuries. So they expect you to go, I mean, and, but there are some guys, you look at Michael Johnson, Michael didn't have that great a college career and he's one of the two or three great greatest track sprinters in the history of the sport.


Right. When you talk, when you talk about speed, so you talk about, you know, for 400 down who, I mean what you got, you saying maybe Carl, that's it. But he didn't have, he didn't have a stellar career. Like usual some of, some of these other, like Carl, Carl could have made the eight Olympics had he not boycotted. Yeah, but you, you don't, you don't know Ocho, but I'm just saying, I'm, I'm throwing, I'm throwing NFL apart. I'm talking about right now what we saw this year Ocho. Right. But but listen though, I think about, think about the great receivers. When you saw Megatron at Georgia Tech. Yes. You knew what time it was when you saw Larry Fitzgerald at Pittsburgh.


You know what time it was. You know, when you saw Julio Jones of Alabama, you knew what time it was. Right When you saw Travis Hunter at fucking Colorado, you know what time it is. Well, I knew Megatron would even be better pro I said because if he ever, if he ever had a quarterback, he could be something special because he was at Georgia Tech, they ran the football. Yeah. So he catching 45, he catching 45 passes. But when you look at his size, he's six foot four. 240. Yeah. He's running four and three. Yeah. You're like, who gonna deal with that? First of all, who gonna press it? What did he try to press? Megatron. Okay, now you get him in the red zone, you gotta give him gunner.


You gotta give him gunner, gunner support basically line two guys up on the in top over the top of it. Yeah. Or he gonna jump up and catch the ball. He got a 40 plus inch t he's six foot four. He's two 40. Yeah. Yeah. So we saw when he got a quarterback, well you just saw the numbers that he put up. Yeah. He just had arguably one of the greatest single seasons in the history. He still has the record almost 2000 yards and 16 games. Yeah. So you, you ab you're absolutely right. Sometimes you can just look at a guy and see it translate like Yeah. Yeah. He gonna be, he gonna be, he he gonna be him. He gonna be him.


Well he be nice. Guess what Ocho, next Saturday we gonna find out all this speculation. I think he should win because there gonna be some disappointing folks on both sides. People gonna say J he should have won. If he doesn't win, people gonna say, Travis should have won if he doesn't win. Right. But hey, whatever the case, it's not a situation where it's like Joe Burrow. Joe Burrow was the overwhelming favorite. Yeah. Reggie Bush was an overwhelming favorite. Yeah. You know how I see it. I don't even see it as, people shouldn't even be sad if, if GTI wins, if Travis wins, at the end of the day, both of them won regardless. And I'm not talking about the goddamn heman. I'm just saying in general, both of them won regardless.


No matter who's going home with that goddamn trophy, they both had great seasons. They both get, they both getting ready to do great things at the next level. Man, look here, Ojo, I want that trophy. I ain't Finn get here to tell man, hey, I'm just happy to, I'm just happy to be a part of it. I'm so great company. I want that trophy. 'cause guess what you want? You want the hardware. You want the hardware because they remember that. You see all, you see all of those, the Heisman house and they have all those old guys. They have Archie Griffin, they have Oh, they have Marcus Stanley, they have Barry and they have Tebow and they have all these guys. Bro, I wanna be a part of that, that commercial be funny as hell. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because guess what, Ocho 15 years from now, man, ain't nobody gonna remember no 2000 yard rush season.


Yeah. If you don't win the trophy. We remember, we remember Marcus', he was the first to do it. He wasn't the Heisman. Barry did it. He wasn't the Heisman. Ricky did it. He wasn't the Heisman. Henry Derrick Henry did it. He won the Heisman. Right. Thousand yards. Don't mean to say if you ain't got that trophy to come along with it, don't you all Alright, listen, I'm, I'm I'm with you when you Right. Yeah, I'm I'm just, I'm just, I'm just being honest. Yeah, you I'm with you. But that said that, that 2000 yards was, it was a beautiful thing. It was, it was a great thing, you know, but so many other people have done it already. Right. What Travis Hunters done.


We haven't seen that before. Yes. Not at that level. Consistently weekend and week out gonna be very, very interesting. I'm ready for Saturday to come. I'm ready for Saturday to come so we can find out. Alright, Ocho, this is how everything is. Assuming the college football playoffs will shake out first round by Oregon Big 10 champion in the Rose Bowl. Excuse me, Georgia number two SEC champion in the Sugar Bowl. Number three, Boise State Mount West Champion Fiesta Bowl number four, Arizona State, big 12 champion in the Peach Bowl. First round games. SMU at number five, Texas winner to the Peach Bowl.


Yeah. Number 11, Clemson a C Champ at Penn State. Winner to the Fiesta Bowl. Number 10, Indiana at Notre Dame. Winner to the Sugar Bowl. Number 10. Number nine, Tennessee. Oh no. Number 10 Indiana versus at, at Notre Dame. Winner to the Sugar Bowl. Number nine, Tennessee at number eight, Ohio State winner to the Rose Bowl. Ooh boy. The SMU. Yeah. The SU man. Hey people. A SMU, SMU at Texas or do you wanna see Alabama at Texas?


Ooh, that's a good one. Clemson, I know you the champions re losses at p at who? Clemson, at Penn State. Went into the Fiesta Bowl. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Damn. Gonna be, it's gonna be interesting. Ocho it's gonna be very, very interesting. Very. It def definitely is. Dang, I can see a scenario where SMU get bumped.


What for who? Okay. Bama. Oh yeah, uncle, you gotta follow the money baby. You got, you gotta follow the money. You know, at the end of the day, no matter what, they got to generate that revenue. I need the college teams in the playoff that generates the most revenue and the people are going to travel. I need that money at the end of the day. Oh, and, and yeah. So Ash, so so this would be home games for those teams? Or would it be neutral? Would it be neutral side games and then, and the winner goes to the Rose Bowl, goes to the X, x, Y and Z.


Oh, okay. Said she leave those game would be home. So Texas would be home. Georgia probably talking about, Hey, let her go to the Peach Bowl because the Sugar Bowl be is in New Orleans, Georgia said, let us go back to the Mercedes-Benz though. But, but I, I, I honestly ocho I, I don't know what you think, but I can see a scenario where SMU gets bumped for Alabama. Oh listen, I just, I just told you, I just told you if it does happen, I think people need to understand. And I mean, you, you can be upset. You know, at the end of the day, you know what the bottom line is? You, oh, you know what the bottom line is? They, they want the best teams in there. They claim they always want the best teams in there.


The team with the best record. The teams that are deserving of being there. But at the end of the day, it's all about the bottom dime. The bottom line will always be a dollar. Yep. What teams can generate what college team to generate us the most revenue. That's what it comes down to, no matter what. Oh Joe, it's time for Money Moves presented by DraftKings. Money Moves. I got Money Moves. I'm finna rap because, you know, I'm in the, in the mood they call me. Oh. So you know I'm playing. No. Oh my bad. After sat after the championship Saturday. Here's the updated championship odds as presented by Draftings, Oregon is plus three 20.


Georgia is plus three 80 followed by Ohio State at plus 400 Texas at plus four 50 Notre Dame plus seven 50 Penn State, plus 1200 Tennessee plus 2,500 Clemson plus 3000 followed by Alabama plus 3000 SMU plus 3000 Boise State plus 4,000 Arizona State plus 4,000. I'm bet Southern Who you b with. Hold on, put, put your money down there. Matter of fact, I'm finna bet I'm finna, I'm finna, I'm finna double up right.


So I could pay you back. Nah, how you hold on. How you go to the bank borrowing money. Don't pay them back and then go back say, Hey, let me borrow some, let me get some more money. I'm gonna pay you back with the money I owe you. Oh, no, no, no, no. I'm gonna take what I owe you and I'm finna bet that and I'm finna win. I'm gonna double up then Imma give you what you, what I owe you. No, Imma, I'm gonna break. I'm gonna break even. So you, I know you, you that dude at the table. We rolling dice and shooting pool. You gonna borrow money from me and then try to bet and bet me. I go bet me with my money. I I we fing. Hell I told you long, long as I owe you, you'll never be broke babe.


Man, I'm trying to figure out this man at the table. He borrowed money from me and he gonna talk about he gonna to me on the dice. Oh hell, you ain't gonna me with my damn money. You better get outta here. Hey champ. Who the hell do that? Gimme seven baby. Come on baby. Need shoes. Mama need clothes. Blowing them dice for me. Champ. Chad. Blowing my dice. Blowing the dice for me. Chad. What the, hold on. Appreciate that. I'm trying to figure out, we left. Can, oh, Indiana. So they left Indiana out of this thing. They don't believe Indiana's gonna make it. No.


What's Indiana record? How many games Indiana lost? They lost, they they lost one game they lost to Ohio State. Yeah, I was just gonna say, they don't lost one game. Indiana played real. Somebody getting, I I don't, I Somebody's gonna get bunked. Indiana or SMU gonna get bunked. I think, I think for me, I think SMU is the most likely candidate. You think so? I do. I do. It's a, it's a, it's a sad thing man. It's a sad thing. But again, money controls all money controls all at the end of the day, Ojo, who you got, who you like winning the national championship?


Man, this, I I I could honestly say this might be the most wide open national championship I've seen in a very, very long time. Ocho Yeah. That's what I, that's what I would get ready to say. You asked me a question, I can't even get no answer. 'cause one minute Georgia look good. The next minute they don't. One minute Texas look good the next minute they don't Oregon, even though they're undefeated. Hell half the time, sometimes they don't even look good. Yes. So everybody's inconsistent with their play. There hasn't been any one team that's been dominant throughout the entirety of the season. So I, if, if I just had to throw a, a guest or a team out there, the quarterback play for Georgia is too goddamn inconsistent. Especially you get some of them turnovers that you've had in the regular season, but you'll be able to come back.


You won't be able to, you won't be able to do that because you, what, what's your word? You, you pay double you. Yeah. You pay double for turnovers. Yeah. Man, it, it, it is different now. God almighty. No. Everything that you said, I saw some things I didn't like from Oregon's defense. Yeah. Georgia's offense is inconsistent. They do play really good defense. Ohio State. I don't know how you lose to Michigan at home because your, your your quarterback tech. I love Notre Dame's defense, but the offense has been inconsistent. They played really well late. Ah, man. See, see what I mean, Chad? Well, who y'all think Chad? Who y'all got? Who y'all got winning and Carson Beck.


How serious is that injury? Ocho the elbow. Yeah. How serious is did he, did he tear some ligaments? Is it I could listen. I I know it's, I know it's college. I don't know if it's against, it is against the ncaa, you know, rules or not. Carson Beck, if you see this, I can get you Right. I get you. I can get you right. I'm, I'm tell, I'm telling you now. I'll tell you. No lie. Get that elbow. And, and y'all saw, look, y'all saw the committee. The committee said, look, Alabama is six and one against team above 500. There're four this many against top 25 teams, bro. Right. They gave y'all the blue, they told you what they were thinking.


So it's gonna be, Hey, look man, I've never seen a, I've never seen the national championship that has so many flaws. Every team I can pick something apart about OCHO and say why they want win. Right? But man, ooh, I just don't see Georgia winning with a backup quarterback. Uhuh. Especially not, or Ohio State. Not that one. No. No disrespect not that one. Hell, I take Notre Dame, I'm see my, I wanna see Freeman do something. You, you pick, you pick Notre Dame just because of brother.


We gotta stick together. We gotta stick together. Know what I mean? My mom, let me, let me just, damn. And I'm trying to do it by, by by picking the best quarterback where they, where he at. I know that mean that, that, that's the problem. That's the problem. That's the problem. Oh my goodness. Chad, what you think, Chad, help me out. I mean, if you had to say the best quarterback, I would probably lead towards Gabriel of the group that's here. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you don't like yous at all?


Huh? Two injury. Two Turnover Pro. And I can't listen. I don I, I'm, I'm a beaver man. I can't pick organ man. I just, I just, I can't do that. Yeah. You like you eat Beaver too, huh? Yeah, I do. I like it. I like it. Yeah. Put a little hot ball. The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


Did you know there's no Tom Tom's our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows this season embrace cozy comfort with TOMS from Chic Boots and Everyday sneakers to wedges and our iconic Alpr goddess slip-ons. Our cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning, perfect for morning meanings, yoga sessions, farmer's markets, and quiet moments at home. When you buy Tom's, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together, we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we're only getting started. Shop Fall Footwear Essentials now at TOMS dot com.


What's good Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out Bose dot com,


Stay farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected, and each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need, and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's o doo.com.