
Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age, self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with the therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members. Have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring, Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need, this NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 free agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March sixth on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to edition The Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bench you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the rack with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dkg.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well, would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store doing tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Joining us right now is good friend. Hey, what's up baby? We had him in New Orleans Avenue going on. He's back. Here it is. Master P Pete. What he do? I'm good brother. How you doing man? PI I'm great man. Hey, congratulations. President of Basketball Operations at the University of New Orleans. How did this position come about? Yes sir. And explain your role to our chat, Pete. Yeah, so coach Tim Floyd, he's one of the greats from the University of New Orleans. Put a lot of guys in the NBA and he done got older. He retired. I mean, a year or something ago I told him, I said, man, I'm thinking about coaching in, in college.


And then I didn't hear nothing from him. And then a couple months ago he said, man, I got a, I got a position for you to go take over the University of New Orleans. And, and man, the rest was, history is nothing but God. Like I said, this a this is a town where I grew up at this school, the University of New Orleans. It's always been about property nation. And for a black man to get this, You know, I definitely gotta salute Dionne Sanders for opening the doors, man. Showing us that we could do it. So, and, and, and I just love, me and him got on a phone call. I was saying, coach, how you think I should go about this?


Like, man, take this first step. The rest is history. Right? And, and man, this Shannon, this is a blessing, my brother. I'm telling you, it is a blessing because especially me coming from hip hop this history to be able to, I'm running the whole program, You know, basketball operations. Yeah. Everything. So it's like now they gotta listen to us. But You know, the, the, the program was in shambles too, so think about it. It ain't gonna give us a blank. Oh yeah. You gotta build it up. You ain't gonna start from, I can't let you start from the top of the mountain. I gotta make you climb up the mountain. Yeah. So think about it. And You know, it, it goes with my business model. I always find a problem and I, if I find a problem, then I know, I know what the solution is, then I could be a part of fixing it.


And so the game done changed. Look at Rick Pitino. He done turned St. John's all the way around. Everywhere he goes, he turns it around. Yeah. And, and think about it, right? This NIL stuff is now like, my thing is catching the billionaires, the millionaires, the alumnis from the University of New Orleans and saying, look, I I, I caught 'em all yesterday. We got in the room, You know, we need y'all to, to make some deposits so we can go get the the best. The best players. Yeah, the best players. And I mean, the, the job is easy from them because a lot of guys want to play for me, You know, I've been doing this for a while. I coached DeMar Rosen, Lance Stevens, Brandon Jen.


So I come from a program, my p Miller ballers of creating dogs. And so I know what that look like. And I got dogs coming already. They, they, they want to be with this program. And so when a portal come, I told 'em no puppies allowed. Oh dog. Oh dog. We gotta win, man. Yeah. So think about it, Shannon. My thing is we won four games last year. This is a division one. Oh no, that's university. That's acceptable. Yes, sir. Dope. So You know what I'm gonna do? Yeah. Like it, it's only up from that. And so I'm humble, I'm hungry. I'm letting God leave me on this journey. I mean, I, I just gotta keep climbing from there, Man. Listen, that, that's a, that's a beautiful thing, man.


To, to honestly to get a position like that in your hometown. Yeah. Despite your background and being a rapper, because I know about your basketball game, I know about your IQ when it come to that. So be able to, to be passionate about something else. That wasn't your main focus, but it was something that you loved and now you get to actually live that dream. Like, I got chills because I have things that I also wanna do where I've never been presented the opportunity to do it. And now that's motivating to me. Like, man, if I'm like, man, if Pete could do it, I know. Yes. And that's what I, I want, I want all of us to feel like, yeah. Yeah. Because think about it, we already stereotype.


Yeah, yeah. So, You know, in this position where I'm at, it is not like a lot of us in these positions. And so the school that I'm at, you not gonna see a lot of us at these positions. And so now it's about me doing the right thing. Being able to do this under the NCA rules. Show them that the same way Deion Sanders did. Like he did it and now we could do it in basketball and, and don't bring. So when you come to our games, I done learned from the goat already. When you come to these games in New Orleans, we the coach, it's going to be turned all the way up, Shannon. So, You know, I'm bringing y'all out, man. It's, yeah, it's going. But, but if you gonna see some of the best basketball that you could see and basketball changed my life and saved my life.


And I went from Master P to Coach Pete. I mean the CEO Pete is a blessing man. Yes, yes. You know, to be honest with you, this is a business. Yes, absolutely. And that's what this is right now, basketball is a business. These kids are making money. And now I got the right NIL deals that I could match anything, I could go after number one players. Yeah. You know, we, we gonna have a spotlight for these kids to where the NBA is gonna come to where we are. 'cause we gonna put these type of caliber players here and we have 'em, we, we, we are prepared to compete next year and to grow and get better. People ask you this, go ahead O Joe. Yeah, listen, I have a question. Now, when it comes to going to get players, will you ever be in a position or ever have to do the part?


Will you go into homes and actually visit the parents and talk to them? Will, will you ever do that? Yeah. I mean, to be honest with you, like a lot of these parents grew up with me, grew up on my music, and they know I'm gonna take care of their kids. Like that's the, that's the most important thing. And I'm gonna let them understand what hard work is. And I say I want dogs. You got to be able to be dedicated, put the work in. I know you gonna say, oh man, Master P, that's my coach. No, it's Coach p we, we, we want good characters. We want guys that's going to come in here and work hard and, and we gonna take it from there. Like, if, if you got that lead ability, then we are gonna make sure that these NBA scouts come in and right now, I mean, I'm, I'm about to sit down with Steph Curry because we are under Armor school and that's the first thing I said, You know, for us, two black men to come together, we're gonna take this thing and blow it out the water.


Like we're gonna take this to the next level. Like you are gonna see even Steph Curry brand. It's like, You know, this an opportunity that we really can blow this up and we can help each other. See, lemme ask you this. How do you get people to see, other than what they see knowing, because a lot of times where you grew up, how you grew up, okay, he a rapper, man, he ain't nothing but a rapper. But you parlayed that. He says, oh, no, no, no, I can, I can sell product, I can sell cereal, I can sell Chip, I can sell soda. Boom, boom, boom. They say, okay, well no, all you do is rap and all you are a CEO. How can you lead a basketball program? How can you get in the collective at NIL? How do you get, how did you p get somebody to see other than what they saw?


Well, You know what, this is not a traditional business anymore. So you're not gonna find the traditional coaches. I mean, the same way they had to believe back in Rick Pitino. Like for me, I haven't been doing music for over 20 years, right? So they can't look at me from that perspective. They gotta look and say, I've been giving back to the community for over 25 years. You can look at my track record. I've been doing the right thing for a long time. You know what, nobody's perfect. I'm not, I'm not perfect, but I, I know that I'm letting go leading on this journey and I'm gonna lead my team. I'm passionate about what I do. I love what I, what what I do. Like this is not about money. This is what I love to do. And I'm able to do that. This is what makes me most happy.


You know, being able to help young people, and especially through education. Think about, I've always been on a financial literacy journey. So I've always been teaching and helping the next generation, the ones that want to listen, I done went from NFL players to NBA players to Major League baseball. I've been helping showing them like, You know what, we have to understand the importance of financial literacy and now to be able to help brothers in this sport to be successful because everybody's not going to the NBA. Right? So now I'm, I'm gonna show these kids why they want to come and play for me. Because not only that this is a basketball game, but most of these kids are feeding their families right now in college. It's no more time waiting to get to the leave.


You know, I know what it is to be hungry. My, my grandparents sent me to college with $5. Like, go it on. I hope you make it baby. And guess what? I came back and, and made it and brought her a house, brought my grandmother a house. And so I know what these kids, You know, feel what they been through. Me and Brandon, Dennis talked about this last night. I said, what made you so good, Brandon? He said, man, look, I know the conditions where I was at. Nobody wasn't gonna outwork me even though they was bigger than me. You know, I was just with a dog on the court and then I got a chance to be around you p and see mansions and see all these nice things. And, and then that even motivated me. But also, so imagine these kids around me gonna see that I come from the gutter, I come from nothing.


And look where I'm at now and now didn't get a chance to touch me and, and, and play for the, the, the team that I'm coaching. But I'm gonna coach 'em hard. I'm gonna coach 'em tough because you, we are not gonna win if we don't create toughness. Yeah. And that's what this about for me. And that's off and on the court. And so I'm not only, I'm, I'm not only a coach, it's, I'm gonna be a father to a lot of these kids the same way Deion Sanders would happen to be a father to bunches kid. 'cause I'm giving, I'm giving some kids opportunity, man that never had this type of opportunity before. I'm being honest with you. Like, because the, the regular coaches will be afraid of these type of players. Yeah. Think about it. I had the Mar Rose and he was outta Compton, Brandon, Jens think about all these kids from some tough neighborhoods, Lance Stevenson.


But I knew how to talk to them. Yes. IIII knew how to, to, to, 'cause think about it, you can't talk to everybody the same thing. No, you cannot. You know, because guess what? A lot of players are going to, they, they going, they gonna stop. They gonna buck up. They gonna buck you. Talk to me. Yeah. And so, You know what my thing is, right? If I could talk to these players and coach them in love and it's gonna be tough sometimes I'm gonna have to talk to them tough. But guess what? They gonna know that I, I'm going to be there for 'em through thick and thin. And that's why they want to come be on this program with me. And plus we got a great city. We got a great atmosphere. This is a big city. And so, You know, my next thing is getting a lot of television time to where we get that time now at the University of New Orleans.


It's going to be all about, You know, the private tier now private tier nation. So getting, getting all these, You know, major channels to to, to zoom in on us because I got some of the top entertainers in The world coming. We starting off man. Like we starting off the culture has been built. Right now. It is built. Yeah. Pete, one of the things that I, I tell kids, I said for me growing up, if I see it, yeah. I could be it. Yeah. I could get it. Yeah. Yeah. All I needed to do was, see I saw my brother going to college. Hell he went to college, he lived with me. He lived just like I did. He was born as I was I'm doing, yeah. He went to the NFL. So if you see it, you should want to, you can be it or you can get it. Yes.


Lemme ask you this when you go, so what's gonna be your sales pitch? Because there are a lot of people that's watching this and they like, okay, lemme see what p talking about. When you go into some, let's just say for the sake of argument, oh Joe and I, we, the number one and two recruits in the nation and we from New Orleans, let's just say Ocho from New Orleans. I'm from, I'm from California. You gonna come sit down on my grandma's couch? You gonna go sit down Ocho couch? What's your pitch? How you gonna knock me and Ocho the team up at the one, number one and number two basketball players in the country? I ain't, I ain't just from, I ain't just from New Orleans, I'm from uptown now. So guess what, Ocho you from uptown. I know you a dog and if I'm coming to your house, I'm coming to let your parents know that I'm gonna be a coach that's gonna guide your son all the way through this process.


'cause this is a journey. It's not gonna be easy. I'm gonna be on him. I'm gonna be tough, but I'm also going to reward him. And I'm gonna put him in a great situation to where he could get the right NIL money, then he could be happy. And also I'm gonna make sure he get his education because I know one thing for me, education has changed my life and saved my life. So if I put you on that right journey, so even if you get hurt or you go through something now you can still take care of yourself as a man. I'm creating men. I I want you to come here to play for me. But I also want you to love what you're doing And you gotta want to be here too. So if you don't see this the place for you, then it's not the place for you. But it is that I'm not trying to sell nobody because I've been through it all. And I know that I could be there for these kids and, and show 'em the right way and then they could learn from my mistakes.


But also I could teach them business. I could show 'em how to create their own products and brands also. 'cause even the NIL money is nothing to what. Once you, once you make a name for yourself in this college system, you're gonna be worked way more than this. And then the end goal, And you want to get to the NBA then guess what? I got people that that now that's gonna bring NBA scouts to, to our arena to come see you. And so, and this is the great city. And if you, from here, You know that. But you also have to be able to police yourself because you grown. So I'm gonna also be be looking for your son to be able to police himself, be able to be accountable. And, and he gotta want this. 'cause if he don't want this, I can't do nothing else for him. But I could definitely show him everything that I've been through and, and I, I could put the right team around him to get to where he need to be at.


And that's, that's just gonna be my selfish pitch because it's, it's not a selfish pitch, it's just reality. Because I'm a, I'm a, I'm a black man that done been through what these black kids and, and, and, and, and young men are going through. And I know they're not gonna be able to, to play games with me 'cause I done seen it all. And so when they get on this campus, You know, they, they gonna be held accountable like anybody else. But we gonna win. We gonna get better. We gonna grow together and that's what it's gonna be about. And, and we are not gonna play games with them. 'cause a lot of these other coaches are playing games with our kids. 'cause this a business. I'm gonna let 'em know. And guess what? If you get yourself to a position to where you need to go to the lead, I'm not, I'm not making kids say they need to stay here because I know I can get other kids if I need to.


And, but, but if you come here and this is where you want to be And you want to be in college for right now, until you get a opportunity to go to the NBA, this is the spot for you. Because we gonna take care of our kids. And that's what I've been doing all my life. And you could check, you could check my, you could check my, my my, my record on that. So the Mar Rose, I had them since seventh grade. Lance Stevens, I had 'em since seventh grade. Brandon, Jens, I had 'em since seventh grade. I had all these kids all the way through college. So go, go, go, go check my resume. That's lie. That's lie. Hey, I have my college coach Bill Davis rest his soul. You know what he told me? He said, son, it's after four years. You are not in a better position than you are right now.


You don't need to come here. Yeah. Because if what we have to offer you here is not better than what you have where you are right now, this ain't the place for you. Yeah, I'm coming. But but think about this. Why go play for them when you could play for us somebody that really care about you? That's because once you get a part of this system, you are a part of my family. Yep. Like think about it. All these other kids, You know, if you go ask them about me, they still know me today. Think about, look at my track kicker my track record right now. Right. I didn't stop Snoop career. I let 'em blossom and, and grow. Go look at everybody. I didn't created, I didn't create the guys that they thought.


'cause I tell people all the time it's like finding a used car. And so that's why I say I want find dogs. 'cause most of the dogs, nobody really want 'em. 'cause they probably think they attitude too bad. Or maybe they been through something. No, I know one thing that we are gonna help you get through this. If you serious about being successful and those are the type of people I want around me. I don't care about what you've been through in life. Right?


Famous smoke shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door. So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop. From heavy hitters like Unido Monte Crito Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. No insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players. The always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Now if you come in here to put that behind you And you gonna do the schoolwork And you gonna put the work in on the court to get better, you gonna put the work in in the summer to get stronger? We gonna make sure you got the right nutrition. We gonna make sure you got the right trainers around you, then it's gonna be on you. You got to have some accountability when you come in here and if you really don't want it, this ain't the place for you. 'cause we are gonna push you. I got a good question. I got a good question. Especially when it comes to the young kids, especially today's era, the NIL era where everything is really a vendor style. Yeah. The kids are focused on the money. They focus on I want to build my brand, I wanna look a certain way, I want a certain amount of money. Yeah, but how do you keep the kids focused p especially them dogs, You know, that influenced by that.


Influenced Yeah. It's the thing about this that influenced by hip hop, by some of the things that they see. How do you keep 'em focused on strictly basketball and trying to get to that next level? If your, if your dreams are to be an NBA, how do you keep 'em locked in when they getting the money Early? Well, guess what, if you get the money early, then you need to invest that money into something. 'cause that money don't come and go. So if you take that money invested in something, then guess what? You need more money. So you gonna come here and work. You going have a solid focus. You gonna keep your mind. Right. 'cause we gonna show you that. Yeah. So think about right now, a lot of kids go in college, they don't even have, they, they NIL money in a business name and, and in my place I'm gonna show 'em that. I don't want to control them.


So if you got your money in a business name, then you could hold on to create your LLC. Yep. Create your incorporation. Right? And so now you have a business. So you could go to the bank and invest that money and put it away. 'cause my whole thing is put this money into escrow, put this money into something where you don't have to touch it right now unless you need it to, to help your family or whatever. Right? My thing is, once we show them that, so by the time next year they going to double their money and we gonna show them how to do that. And I think nobody else cares much as me and doing that for my players because I do it anyway. Look at my Master P masterclasses. I do that anyway. And so for me to be able to do that for my players, there's only gonna be 12 or 15 players on my team.


And to be able to be that close, to have a family bond with the people on my team that I want to see successful. Like I said, everybody's not gonna make it to the NBA, but if somebody come up with something and create a business or something while we in college, if you, if you look at it, the guy that created Tesla, Elon Musk, he created PayPal while he was in college. I wanted to be able to show the athletes on my team. We could do this while we in college if we stay focused. But you gotta come here. It's not about the money. You know, everybody want to make some money, but this this little money right now, I'm gonna show my players. This is the little money, this the end go end game is where the real money come in at. Once you get to the league, this money is nothing.


But to keep yourself going, keep your family going. 'cause we know a lot, most of these players are gonna come from hard times. Yeah. I got players from New York hitting me up from Chicago, from Philly, from Maryland. I got players hitting me up because guess what? They want their spotlight. They want that spotlight. Knowing that this year, if you play for Master P, if you play for Percy Miller Coach Peak, that that spotlight is going be on you. And if you a real dog And you could play, I I wouldn't even care about the NIL money right now. If I'm, if I'm a real NBA player And you come here with me, you're gonna make it because all lies are going to be on us. Right Pete, you, you meant yourself. That like the people that reached out for you, they come from hard times. You know what? Create tough men.


Hard times, hard times. Create tough men. Yeah, tough men create easy times. Easy men e create easy men. Easy men create hard times. You see that cycle how it goes, Pete, you see what you did is that p came from an ipro situation, very hard time. It created a very tough minded and sound hard individual. Then p created easy times. Now in that easy time in which you created, what are those under you in that time? What are they gonna do? You said something very interesting that set up an LLC set up a corp, set up a trust because what you can do when you have money, you can borrow money against what you have in that account.


You don't have to spend money. See that's where they get ahead at. They don't spend their money. They spend other people's money. Money while their money pro somebody. And you building credit. I'm telling you what I we're building credit at the same time. Yes, Shannon, we building credit. We, we we also understanding that, okay, if you got somebody look like us, that care about you and want to see you win. Yes, why not come play for us? Because guess what the main thing is, if you really could play the NBA will no matter where you at, no matter, don't matter where you at. Think about it. So look at Scotty Pippin right back in. Scotty Pippin was on the team you that nobody knew what, where he was at. But guess what he made it to Lee.


Steph Curry was in in Davis. Dennis Rodman. Yep. Dennis Rodman. Look, look at right now. Damon Little like all those people that you see right now, even John, like all you just need to be on a division one basketball team and they're gonna fight if you good p look, they went way to Serbia and got Luca. I mean got, they got Luca from Venia, they got Janni from Reese, they got women from France, they got Yoki from Serbia. If you good at anything and they think you can make money off it, they gonna find you. Yeah. Every time. Well, what I'm gonna tell y'all, we got a great arena. We got a great atmosphere and we're gonna put the best product on the floor and we gonna put the best characters because we, we want to build carrots at the same time.


We want people to come here to, You know, we, we want to have those testimonies where, where, where now a kid could say, man, I went out there with Coach P and my whole life changed because he stayed on me. He held me accountable. And now, You know, I'm one of the top players in the NBA right now. Like I, I want to create those testimonies. And so I want any kid out there that's watching this right now. If you, if you are a real basketball player And you are a real dog And you want an opportunity to get to the NBA, you also want an opportunity to graduate from a great university and also have a great staff of people around you because You know, that's what it takes too.


You want to have a good team, a good team around you, people that really care about you. And that's what this is about. Once you are a part of this family, you are a part of our family for life. So everybody that been around me, we still family for forever. It, it is not like, oh you coming. 'cause think about it, y'all know y'all done played professional sports. A lot of these people forget about us. But now you have some people You know, that, that, that, that you really know that this is your family. You could call 'em many times. 'cause You know, man, look, I've been around that person. This is bigger than basketball. It's bigger than football. Like, and that's what this is for me. This is bigger than that. Like, like we, we gonna make history together and that's what this gonna to be about. And we're gonna show The world that, that we could do something positive, we could grow because you think they want us to be successful in this, y'all.


They don't want us to be successful in this. 'cause think about it. Now they gonna realize that, wow, not only they come from entertainment because even sports now, entertainment and sports, they go together. Think about it. It goes together, ain't we? Business people. And we know how to create something from, from nothing. Like I told y'all, I always find me a used car, put some wheels and some paint on it and fix it up. And that's what I'm doing right now. You, I'm fixing up this car and taking it to the next level. You talking about entertainment, what do they do? At the biggest, the biggest event in North America is what? The Super Bowl. What do they have at halftime? Pete? Yes. You go to the all star game. What do they have, Pete? Yes, they have entertainment. Yeah. So it goes hand in hand. Yeah. Lemme ask you this Pete, I'm gonna get you outta here on this one.


When the song said and done, what do you want people to say about Pete? Well, You know what my whole thing is? I don't want us to wait till it's too late, till it's done. And like, I'm not looking at junior bridgeman life. Right? Me and him was gonna do a lot of things together and I, I did a lot of work in Louisville. So, but we gotta stop saying I'm gonna get together tomorrow. I'm gonna do it later. You know, we gotta do it now. Stop procrastinate. And so when, yeah, so, so my thing is the most talent and the most wealth is in the graveyard. Think about it. And once we gone, somebody else gonna do what they gotta do without wealth. I want people to know that Pete did what he need to do for his people now.


Like we are not waiting. And that's why this is so important. What I'm doing now, this is bigger than student athletes in a basketball game, y'all. This is about changing lives and saving lives at the same time. 'cause a lot of these kids that come from here, they never would get these type of chances or some of these kids getting second chances. You know, like basketball, college basketball is getting older now when you go in that transport portal, a lot of these kids been in college a long time. So now for some of these players, if they really good, this is gonna be the last step of feeding their families, getting on a winning organization to be able to get the real NIL money that, that they can get. My thing is I want people to remember me for creating future leaders, putting out people in a position to win.


And and that's what this about with me. Yeah. Pete, congratulations on the opportunity, man. I know you're gonna do great things because everything you seemingly have touched, that's turned the goal. You pull your heart, you pull your heart And you pull your soul into it. But I understand this is what I know about you. You love what you do and it resonates. And the kids, because once somebody find out that you care about 'em, there isn't much they won't do for you. For you. Yeah. Once a kid know, is there anything, once a person know that you care. Once I knew that teacher cared about me, my coach cared about me, I would move heaven and earth. Oh yeah. Because I never wanted to let that person down down. Congratulations on this opportunity. I know you make the bus the best of this opportunity.


Hold on. Go Joe. Before you leave p you in New Orleans right now. Yes man. I'm gonna be there for super Sunday, man. I'm finna be second line in all. Meet me at the park, man. All right. I'm gonna be in super. Come on man. I'm not gonna be there. I ain't, I ain't playing. I'm going through New York. All right. Going to New York to to New Orleans. I'm from, I'm from, I'm Finn March all the way. I'm gonna second you going, you gonna see me? I'ma have, Hey, I'ma have, I'm gonna have line now. Let's go man. I gotta get you some of this pirate gift, Man. You know what I'm saying? Talk to me now. I'm I gotta get you stuff. Alright. Hey PI Hey P I'm gonna hit you up. I need to run something by you anyway, but I'll hit you up tomorrow, okay? All right. Appreciate you. Yep. Ma P new general manager p of Orleans University.


The private peers. That's dope man. He a great dude. One of the first guys that I had on club sha shit Ocho I didn't, I didn't really know who I was going get and CJ said, Hey, yeah, you got anybody? Your, hey whoever, you got your phone that's famous. Call her. Oh, I got Floyd Mayweather here. Oh damn. Red Roll Master P Ice Cube. Hey bro, I need a solid man. I just started a podcast. Hey bro, we got you. Just let me know when. Oh yeah. Boom, boom, boom, boom. That's how it started. And I appreciate it. Having met p only a handful of times. Yes sir. I had never met Rick Ross. Hey, I DM mess. Hey man, lemme get your number.


Hey, hey, I have my phone in my hand. Just hope, I hope he see this. Oh, he came me. Gotta tell me, Hey bro, man, check this out man. I just started a podcast, man. I wonder if I can get you all. I mean, hey. 'cause he had gone to an HBCU for a minute, right? I think he went to Albany State for a minute. Mm. Albany State and the SIAC, just like we were. Boom, it worked. So it's great that when he said to hear him say how okay do things and, and, and how we support one another and be be there for one another. Hey, they know. So that's why a, when he reaches out him Snoop Cube, I'm there, I'm there. 'cause they, they, they were there for me when I didn't have a just starting this thing up.


It gave us credibility because we had not a whole lot of podcasts when they started out, was able to trot out the lineup that I trotted out. I knew the first guest was gonna be my brother, but after that I was like, man, who, who the hell I'm gonna get? And hey, from Master P to Floyd Mayweather, like I said to Ross, Hey bro, you, you've been on, you've been on Fire boy, Why aren't you guys including Jamir Gibbs in the top five back. He is. We just overlooked it, bro. You do realize we going off the top of our dome, bro aint like we got notes here that like, okay guys, let me, lemme explain how you Ocho and I work. Like, okay, we have the, the list of the rundown, but when you hear me start naming off players, that's not on there. That's top of the head. Off the top of my head.


That's not the top of Ocho head. We have a rundown in which the topics we're gonna talk about. I know y'all was talking about, well hey, Ash is probably feeding him information because I was going back and I was telling you, we was talking about the Yankees and I was giving you different errors in which the players played. They was like, well he recall, oh he got no I don't because we, I didn't even know we were gonna talk about that until you brought up the Yankees and what made them special. And then, okay, we go into this field, okay, we talk nascar, I have no idea we're gonna talk nascar. And then I just, because other than na, if you're from the South, which I was NASCAR's in, you, you watched it, you watched all of them because NASCAR is not like it was now.


I think NASCAR used to come on CVS if I'm not mistaken. And You know, Darren Earnhardt, Jr. Senior used to drive the number two Wrangler car before he got the black Mar Carlo, the three and had the Gogo Shades and, and, and Darryl Waltrip drove the, the Tide 88 before he got the 11 car. And you had Buddy Baker And you had Bobby and Donny Allison, all those guys, buddy Baker, all those guys, You know, I re I've watched them. Harry Gant, the Gold Bandit, Neil Bonnet, Austin Bill from Dawsonville, this was before Jeff Gordon and Jimmy Johnson and Dale Earnhardt Jr. And all these guys. That was, that was before Bill.


So that's why, You know, you and I remember I used to sit down, what if you gonna watch, you had three channels on off and don't mess with me. So it wasn't like you just like it is now what you got 500 channels to Choose from and please. But no, we do not have every back. No, I didn't even know we was gonna talk about this, but the backs came up And you like, hey, so I'm just, we just rattled names off the top of our head and it's an honest mistake. It's not like we know what Jamir Gibbs is. He was special sensation. He can run acat Boy you by the closest thing we done seen to Chris Johnson. Boy Dr. Frank l. Belly says fast break pump fake big mistake no lingers and fight.


Hey, what you saying? Hey, what you saying today had me dying boy. T-A-P-G-A-U-S-A-U-S-A. Well I was in tears. That was funny. Kevin Brook Clark Ocho build a starting offense and defense using NFL football players that are in the media or used to be in the media. Well, hell, that's easy. Me, Strahan, Gronk, Brady Moss, Ocho Moss, Fred Taylor, Ryan Clark.


Sorry, Dio, you ain't made the cut. You ain't making you, first of all, you not beating out Brady or Troy. So, and, and because of the money we're limited the only two quarterbacks from the roster. So, I'm sorry, who else? Lemme try to think. Hold on. Who else, who else am I, who else am I missing? Oh, Charles Woodson. What? Whoa, whoa. Yeah, Woody, who else come on there?


I guess we gotta put up what you call him on there. Damian. Woody. Oh, Woody. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We Need somebody to block. We need somebody to block Ocho. Oh, jj, I mean, hey d don't feel bad. Matt. Ryan didn't make it either so, so nah, huh? Yeah. Kelsey Playmaker Play maker Dionne in the media. He a football coach.


Does is, is Fitz. Is Fitzgerald, what does, does Fitzgerald do anything for the, I guess you take shrm oh M by Shiers? Yeah. Jason Whit. Yeah, Dick wit big wit. Yeah. Saturday, Greg Olson, Gonzo, yay. Oh, DI I'm just saying we, how many tiny we play we got but too, I know I'm gonna be one of the tiniest, I don't know who else gonna be one, but I'm gonna be, you already Said gro, so you gotta go between Gronk and which you call it Gronk and Gonzo Also.


Okay, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Greg. Oh, Eagle stand a standout rookie Quinn y Mitchell got a wild tattoo after winning the Super Bowl Hell of a year, sir. Wow. Round one pick 20 se well 22. Is that 22 Super Bowl champs got a lot done in one day till next time, bro. Hey, that's live. He 20. I don't care if I won 15 Super Bowls.


You ain't, that ain't Hell. No, that hurt. Oh, you ain't got no, you ain't got no tattoos. See now we can add that, we can add that to the list of things to do in 2025. Get you, get your tattoo. What that mean? You help you buddy? Nah, that ain't Finn happen. Hey, It is so funny. I mean, when I think about it, I I would think someone like you would have tattoos then. My crazy, my crazy tale. I got 44 And you was talking about you ain't got none.


I thought the only time I ever thought about getting a tattoo, what's Her name? Her name I found, I found notes name I Mary Porter. Mary V. Porter, that's her name and my sister, because I was telling my sister about it and my sister's like Shannon, that'd be so nice. My sister found something where my, where my grandmother wrote her name, Mary V. Porter. And I thought about it, I said, Libby, I would love to. I said, but You know, granny be so mad, she hated tattoos. Okay, okay, okay. She's like, son, don't mark your body up. Okay, I Got you. You know them old, you got them old people talking about Yeah. She like, yeah, like I'm actually drawing on my body like I'm scribbling something.


And I, and I thought about it and I had, I had the piece of the, the thing that she, that she had wrote her name on and I was gonna take her to a tattoo and have it put it right over my heart. That's why I was gonna put it right here. Right, right. And I just thought about it. I was like, man, granny man probably be boy granny roll over in her grave. I could just hear now, son, why you mark your body like that? Even a name? She still wouldn't be be satisfied. No, listen, my, my my grandma, I I I don't maybe I don't know if I was 15 or 16, but I, I got, I got my, I got Philippians four 13.


I could do all, all things through Christ would strengthen me and I got a tattoo and I came home. She was piss boy, boy, she was pissed. I was like, well listen, I, I just, I just thought about, You know, something, I would like something that would resonate with me and resonates with you as well because you the one who had me in bible study, you one who had me in church every Sunday. Boy she was hot. Not only was she hot years later, I got about my senior year in high school. I was probably up to 22 tattoos by that point. What? Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm covered up everywhere. I just, you never see it because I, I'm, I'm normally covered up. So if you see Yeah, it's hard to see in the dark.


That what you covered up with, Man. I'm covered up everywhere, man. From, from my ankle all, all, all the way up, man. To my, yeah, I almost did my face by accident until, I'm glad I didn't, But please No, nothing big, nothing big. Just, You know, small, small, small, small stuff. But I I I didn't do it. Nah, you did the right thing. Don't do that, Ocho, why would you do that? Ocho? I, I, I'm just, I, I'm, I don't know. I don't Know. You thought about it. You ain't had nothing better to do with your time. I, yeah. All all jokes say I, I really did. I I really did think about it. I I did, I did. I was going through a phase. I was going through a phase. What was her name? I was gonna put on my, my, my face.


Yeah. I Wanted, I was gonna put a little cross. It wasn't no, no woman a little tiny cross right here. Right here on the side. Huh? No, by by the ear elbow right here. Just a little tiny cross. Yeah. I ain't, I ain't do it though. I ain't do it. It wouldn't look too good on tv, You know? Yeah. Nah, nah, it wasn't, I couldn't do that. Me, I mean, congratulations to quinone. I mean, hey bro, congrats. I mean, first round pick, first rookie season, go to the bowl. You know, a lot of times Tcho, when you have that level of success, you like, man, it is easy. It ain't, It ain't, bro. It Ain't, it ain't there a lot of guys that played 13, 14, 15 years and never go let alone win.


I mean, just think about you, you, you a chief player And you came here three years ago, you don't know nothing about Super Bowls. Yeah. And winning. Yeah. And you played with Tom Brady all those years. That's live. Somebody talking about Amber Rose. Yeah. Amber Rose got her sons tattooed on her forehead And you, And you can't, she can get rid of that though. Right. Because technology is so advanced now you can, Yeah. You get rid of any of em, but man, that thing hurt. She ain't getting rid of, I mean, I don't know if you saw the interview or your she keeping that. Yeah, I saw You. It was, it was good. It was good. It was good. I, I'm, I mean, I mean Ocho for me, I like talking to people like a lot of these people, I, I, I had no in, I had no idea I would ever meet.


Right, right. Talk to a Tabitha Brown or Miss Pat or, or or Amber Rose. People like, Hey man, some of these athletes, man, I'm sitting down, I'm talking to Magic Johnson, Crazy. Talking To a cat and Darnell wrong and all these, all these the comedians and Gary Owen and Bruce Bruce and Lavelle Crawford. I've seen Bruce Bruce many times perform in Atlanta waiting and to sit down and talk to him, And you are right. You have a perception. And then when you get down and talk to the person, and I'm not so talking about so much on camera, I'm talking about you get an opportunity to talk to 'em before the before and after. And you have, I'm like, okay.


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door, so you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from heavy hitters like Mackin, Udo Monte Crito Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap, underage sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members. Have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League, and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates. Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do, provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heists tragedy, a trial of the century and the God damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


An interesting video came out of the Dominican Republic this week. Again, a hu chat, take a look. Let's see what this thing talking about. Hey, oh Lord have mercy. Hey, Need black cowboy. You didn't know I could ride. I, You know, You know I rode a bull. I could ride horses, man. I rode too. Oh yeah. Hey, I could ride. I ride like crazy. Fact, she was a, she was a Philly though, You know what I'm saying? Don show I'm be, I'm just like that. I'm, I'm just slow. Just like that. That too, you like that? I just like that matter. I had one hand out, two Ocho just like that. I forgot. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


I was, Listen, hey, I went on the trail ride. Obviously I had the kids with me. The baby had her own horse. All her own horse. All my kids had their own horse. So I'm on the trail. I told the guy on the trail, I say, sir, listen, I know how to ride. I have experience. So if at any point I might drift off the trail. Most of the time the trail horses, they discipline, they don't want to leave. They always wanna stand in line. And what we got about 10 minutes into that trail and I got bored and I came up out that trail and I, I said, I see y'all later, man. I, I was gone. I would go and my camera, they, they had the kids.


All the kids, they was going back the trail, the trail ride over. Right. And they caught me coming and on the back, on the back end, like 30 minutes later, I came in hauling. You should have went, you should been in Philly because Philly got those, those black cowboys. You see that? You saw that? Did you see that documentary? Yeah. No, no, I didn't see the documentary. Every time I go to City, I never know where the horses are. When I go to Houston, when I go to tech, when I go to, when I go to. But they Got the rodeo even went, you should have went last week. 'cause they had the rodeo, they got the rodeo going on. Yeah, but I wanna, I wanna ride unc. Every time I see people at the rodeo, they party and they're turning up. I I'm, I don't care about turning up. Now if you got horses And you got bulls or something, You know, I can, I can partake in now.


That's something I'm excited to do. No, I'm gonna sit there. I'm gonna sit there and watch and see what they got, what they got to eat. Interesting. They got fried twig eat fried Tws, the Snickers and stuff like that. Funnel cakes. I'm looking Nah, nah, nah, nah. If I'm going to rodeo, I want, I want just that. I want the experience. I wanna smell, I want, I'm gonna smell shit. You, You know, horses bull. I wanna ride. I Broke farm. I don't smell enough. Hog, cow, chicken, Turkey, goat, dog, cat. I'm good. See, that's not fair. I grew up in the inner city. I don't know. No, I grew up in the inner city, so I'm, I have an appreciation for, for, for, You know, for, for cows and You know, all pigs.


I got Appreciation too. That's why I know I don't wanna smell no more. Yeah, I I I, I got a great appreciation for it being there all the time on Cho let me know. I didn't want to be this, I didn't want to be that no more. Listen, And you lucky there, there are places. If, if now I just got, I just got a new house. Now that the way things are going on Nightcap. If I just, why if I, if, if, if you see me with a stable, They eat too much Ocho And a few horses, They eat your ass outta house or a Home. Well, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna blame you. I'm gonna blame you, Ash. I'm gonna blame. I'm, Ash can Tell you Ash, Ash a ash Mom got a W Ranch.


Hold on. One, one horse won't be bad now. One horse. What? It's just me One horse eat like 10 dogs. See, I don't know how dogs eat because I'd be on the road. I don't, I don't Know, boy, they, them horses can eat. Hey, for real sweep? Yes. Oh, Joe, gimme a number, Joe. Weight weigh up a hundred pounds. I I know I'm, yeah, yeah, but gimme a number. Gimme a number a month. I know. Ash, You know what, what we, what we talking about? And the vet deals. We a couple thousand. Yeah. Yeah.


What year? Yeah, it all depends like how well you gonna keep him, because obviously in Miami you gotta have, you gonna have to stable him somewhere else. Van, You know, and he, You know, all the horses in Davy. I just bought a new house, new house out there, Davy. So the, the the stable. But you Not gonna store him at your house. He stored at a facility At, at the stable. Yeah. Matter of fact it's called, it's called BB and Bar Ranch. I think I said that right. B Bar Ranch. Which is where I take, Yeah, I was gonna say somewhere of like 40, $50,000 a year. Oh, That, that ain't bad. That ain't ain't bad. I'm good. I tell you what, I'm gonna call my guy tomorrow.


I call, I'm gonna call Bob Bassford. He a good friend of mine. I'm gonna ask him. Okay. I'm gonna say Bob, how With the gray hair? Yeah. And he, the real American Pharaoh justified. Yes. Tell him, let me get one of his horses. You don't want one of them horses? Nah. Damn. Feeding him. Just pay it for it. Yeah. Oh yeah. I, Hey listen, I already know. I already Know. Hey, I mean you, they, I mean some of those horses you paying three, $400,000 for a live folk. That's crazy. Yeah, that's crazy. I don't want, I love, I love horses, but not to that extent. No, no, no, no, no. Like horses. Now I take a little, a mini cow, a little mini goat.


I like them a boat. That's something I never wanted. Right. I ain't never want no boat. OAT, You know, BOT stand Ocho at bust out another thousand that, that's what you gotta do to keep it. Yeah, because you keep it on salt water. You gotta constantly keep that salt water grinding down. But no, I'm, I'm good. If I was, if I was to get, see, I wouldn't want a boat. If anything, I would have my, my anything outside of my norm, it would have to be extravagant. So if I'm gonna get a boat, it gotta be a yacht. It can, it just can't be No. Any yacht.


I want a yacht like Jerry Jones. I want a yacht like Shahi Kahan. I mean, I would, I would never, I would never reach that type of, You talking about 102 in Mill. Yeah. That's why I say I would, I would think I would never reach that type of wealth and just a thought of if I'm gonna do it, it would have to be like that. No, I ain't gonna have bass it. Oh no, that's not happening. Yeah, I go, I go, I go rent one, You know, for a day for me and the kids gimme A bass boat and I ain't trying to get in there. I can pick up, I can pick from the shore. What about, you said a bass boat or fast? A bass bass boat. Okay. Yeah. Isn't not expensive. Yeah. No, no. I could be like Kevin, them Kevin Van Damm or Mike Ella e Smith, somebody like that. Right, Right, right.


Real. Dan Roland Martin. Ernest Hensley. Yeah. I, I ain't, I, I don't know the yacht. I I don't you don water like that, How you fish. I, that's, that's boring. My grandparents got me into fishing and that was an opportunity for us to like, to be with them. And, You know, grand on y'all when I come up. I don't know how y'all did it, but you wasn't sitting up on no grandparents, so that was really your time to bond. I hate, You know, at the time I used to hate it. Hey, my grandfather one side, me and Spanky my brother call it Spanky lord. Me and my brother on one side, that joke will holler across the lake. Hey, bring me some more bakes. What did it throw?


Hey, one of y'all bring me y'all Rod. He done got his rod caught on a stump or something of them broke the line. Now we gotta take him out, rod. Now we sitting up there like this here 'cause we ain't got nothing to fish wheel. Yep. Yeah. I Can't do it. Or my grandma. Hey boy, bring me the tackle box. Oh Lord have mercy. Jeez. Yeah. I I I can, I can't do it. I can't do it. I don't have taste for I can sit, I can, I can sit on my PC or PS five or Xbox and I could play warzone, call of duty, fifa, EAFC. I could sit there and do that for eight, nine hours. Huh? No. Every, every day. No, but if you tell me to go fishing for an hour and I gotta sit there and wait for the fish, I gotta sit there and wait on the fish and wait for to bike.


Man, I no, 30 minutes. I'm clocking out. I clocking out. We be going fishing all day. We go in the morning. Oh. Oh. What all day? We go early in the morning, please. Hey. Oh yeah. And please, especially we go salt water fishing. We go down to like Sao Island, that's where they brought the geechees. That's where they offloaded a lot of them. And they still speak that Gullah. But we go to Sao Island, we go and we go, we go, we be gone all day. Even if we go to those lakes, we go to like Needle Lot Lake or something like that. Man, Ocho, we be gone all day. I can't do it. Hey, my grandma love to fish. And as she got old, as she got older, man, my sister used to take her to the thing and, and, and she be out there by herself.


Okay, let me come back and get me around around five o'clock. My sister take my grandma out there. It'd be hot. Yeah. Her and my aunt, her and my aunt, aunt Emma, they go down to salt, go to salt water. She talk my grandma how to throw a real cup. For the longest time my grandma fish would've came pole. Aunt Emma taught my grandma how to throw, how to throw a rod. Huh? With a canyon pole? Yeah, with the string height on the front of it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's a came pole. Okay. Yeah. Somebody talking about, yeah. Hey, yeah, we call catch brown wall mouth white perch. Croker Shad. Bone ass Shad nasty. Well, no, somebody put SLO in there. What y'all know about Salo?


What's Salo? That's a, it's from, it's near Savannah, but that's where the Geechees, right? Salo Island, Charleston. They offload a lot of people that looked like us a long time ago. And a lot of it's original. It's there when you go right And you see it. You like it Ocho it looks just like it did a hundred years ago, 150 years ago. Feel the same, look the same, and they talk the same. The Volume


Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's, mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 free agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March sixth, on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.