
Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed, LPG Tour winner, and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC, sports reporter and host. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira. We are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower And iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us an iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast, wide Open with Ashlyn Harris. I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Tickets are on sale now. Y all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dunn Boogie Thomas Red Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams. To dish the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prod bitch. You can make UND draft Kings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with Draft King Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed, not available in all areas.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Did You know colon cancer is considered one of the most preventable, yet least prevented cancers when caught in the early stages? Colon cancer has a survival rate of 90%. So screening in early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. That's why the American Cancer Society recommends that if you're at average risk, you begin screening for colon cancer at age 45. And a convenient way to do that is with Cologuard tests. The Cologuard test allows you to be in control of your colon, colon cancer screening through prescription based tests delivered to your door with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. No liquid prep, no days off, no invasive procedures. Plus Cologuard test is affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and a follow-up colonoscopy is needed after a positive Cologuard test. This is usually covered by insurance also. So if you're 45 years of older and at average risk, you can ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with a Cologuard test. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at Cologuard dot com slash podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk of colorectal cancer. Do not use Cologuard tests. If you have had Athenas have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopies high risk patients. Cologuard tests in adults 45 to 49 and estimated based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older. False positive and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network. Today, y'all know me, I'm your favorite up Shannon Sharp, the Liberty City legend, the Bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowler, the All pro Chad Ochocinco. That's me. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We thank you sincerely for your continued blessings by following us, listening to us watching us because without you, there could be no us.


So we greatly, greatly appreciate your continued support. Make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We have it in stock. 2025 is off to a great year for some of us. Most of us, if not all of us. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of Shea by La Portier? Now if you cannot fight it in a city or state near you, we're coming. We just got distribution in Illinois, Florida, Maryland, Arizona, New Mexico, South Carolina. We're gonna visit Georgia again, Atlanta and Savannah. But if you can't find it any city or state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door and please drink responsibly and stay safe. Also, follow my media company on all of his platform, Shesha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out last week we dropped Nightcap and Chill collection as well as our Super Bowl shirts, hats, and bundle that dropped today.


The link is pinned at the top of the chat. All the items I have restocked. So everything should be backed in stock right now. Supplies are unlimited, so please make sure you get yours before they're gone. We have Eagles linebacker joining us later in the show. Kobe Dean can't wait to Super Bowl winning, although he got Nick and was unable to play, but he had a phenomenal season and I expect to see him in the Pro Bowl in the very near future. Go ahead, Ojo. Now I just want to tell before we start the show, I had some good news that I wanted to share with you, but I want you, I want you to finish the in introduction first so you can complete that task before I tell the chat Okay. About my good news and why I've extended my stay here in The Bahamas.


But go ahead, I'm gonna let you finish. Well go ahead. We done. You sure? Okay. Well, well, my Nightcap team, UNC and everybody that is listening, including the chat as well, I just wanna to let everyone know that I've extended my stay in Bahamas and I will be here for the foresee of a future. I just got two extra jobs down here in The Bahamas. I got one at Baja Mar. No, don't, don't laugh now. Don't, don't laugh. 'cause I'm, I'm, I'm, this is some, some, some great time for me and some and a good time for me to build my resume and my portfolio down here in the Caribbean. So I got a, a part-time job here at Baja Ma. I'd like to thank my team here in The Bahamas for that.


Also, I work at Goldies on the weekends. I'll be at Goldie on the weekends at Fish Fry. For those of you that don't know about Fish fry, please if at any time you're traveling, anytime from now until I start my Nightcap tour, please visit me at either at Ba Mar or at goldie's at Fish Fry. And also UNC has come to, to, to my attention as well is a junk little group by the name of the Valley Boys. I will be the one leading the head in, in getting them to join forces once again and getting both governing parties to agree to come back together so we can, we can own Bay Street. Once again, you don't know much about Junko, but I will, I will teach you who the Valley boys are.


And right now they they have, they, they, they, they split up. They, they split up. It is not a good thing. It'd be like Sterling and Shannon Sharp not being one. You know, you not, I'm just, I'm trying to explain it to an analogy in which you would understand. So the group itself has split up, but I'm, I'm gonna be the one to lead the two governing parties. Parties and getting them to sit down. Because when it comes time, if Jono and Boxing Day, which is around Christmas and obviously New Year's, in order for us to win and get it back to our winning ways, we need to be one once again. So I look forward to that and that's the mission. Our morning and why I've extended my stay in The Bahamas. And I will be, I will be here for, for foreseeable future.


So if anyone needs to reach me, You know where I'll be at. What's up? I look. I'm a dog. You know he done made he, he done made it all. You done got an early start tonight. What up? I ain't wait. I ain't waiting around ti ti over here til to you look to your right, look to your right homie. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. Yeah bro. Hey, we gonna have a show. It's gonna be just me and you hear me? Yeah, that's me. Yeah, that's my dog. That's my homie. Anyway, that's my, that's my good news. That's to share that with you. Alright Don, Joe, the sixes just suffered a 32 point home loss to the bulls. They once with five minutes and 16 seconds left in the ball game.


They trailed by 50 points. 1 36 to 86 after the game. Head coach Nick nurse just said the overall vibe was really poor from the start. Just didn't seem to be a lot of energy or life vibe tonight from our guys Ocho a 50 down by as many as 50. You end up losing by 32 1 1 42 to one 10. Chicago's score 39 in the first quarter, 36. So they had 75 at the half, they had one 15 through three quarters and then they cruised home with 27 points in the fourth. So 1 42 to one 10. Paul George had 19, Yle had zero points.


Maxie had 13, UB had 19. Yeah, that was bad. I'm, I'm I'ma I'm gonna blame it on you though. Huh? What that I'm gonna blame it on you. I'm the, the, the voo, the voodoo, the voodoo you put on them last night. The voodoo, you listen, I spoke highly of the sexes, You know, and trying to find a solution for the problem that is immediate in this ail knee. But you went, you went out, you went in on them, You know, and the, and the fact that you went on them the way you did is the reason why they played the way they played tonight. And that's why the result is what it was. That's why they were trailing by 50 points. I think if you, if you see the tongue is very powerful. This is what you have to understand. The tongue is very, very powerful. Yes. The time you say anything in a negative manner about a sports team in its entirety, that team itself doesn't play well.


And that's why the Sixers looked the way they did. Did they, did they hear me? Did they know? I said that last night? They did. 'cause every last player, every last player that played for the Sixers saw Nightcap last night because two of 'em reached out to me. I think the thing is, Ocho look, I'm, I'm shutting and be down. They're not going anywhere this year. And all you doing is delaying the inevitable, which the joy and bead is probably gonna have to have surgery and he's gonna have to need time to recover. Why not speed the process up? Why not have him have the surgery now he can start the recovery sooner as opposed to have him hobbling mess up something, excuse me, mess up something worse than what it is or mess up something on the other side.


Have another injury that you'll have to address. I'm shutting him down. We're not going anywhere. Ocho they've played 57 games, they've got 25 games to go unless they plan on going 25 and oh, they're not making the playoffs right. And 45 and 37 might not make the playoffs. So with that being said, it's best to shut him down chalk this ups and a, they're gonna have to make some tough decisions. They got Paul George who has another guy for four. Basically he's gonna pick up that fourth year option. Yes sir. So he got three years left. Joel and B got four years left at probably $240 million. Yeah, those contract, I mean YA you're probably stuck for a minute because if if, if you're a team you trading for Joe LMB with those issues, he's gonna miss 450 games since his career started, he's gonna miss more games than he's actually played and pick up the contract at about 240 million.


Mm. I have a question. Huh? You know Stephen a and I was discussing it to Stephen a said, You know, well Paul George really didn't wanna leave Clippers. You know, he didn't wanna be in Philly. There's no crying on the yacht. Paul George got four years over $200 million. Nah, I'm not trying to hear that. Well, come on now. Come on now. You think you, you done snuck that one in there. You thought I wasn't gonna hear that now there's no what? That's good. There's no crime. Where is my goddamn pen pad? Boy, I ain't never, I ain't never heard that one. But hold on, lemme write that down. And so, so, oh, it's right here. I got my pen and pad right here. It's no crying on the Y I'll be sure to use that in my next argument.


So with that being said, I don't look Maxie right now. You got a guy, I mean you're gonna probably try to move one of them. Paul, George, Joel, and Bead. I know which one to go. I I know which one needs to go. I'm not saying he needs to go, but based on I listen, things aren't working out obviously in Philly I know where he can go. Correct because they, there there's a team NBA that needs to be right now. And I know an environment, I know an environment where he can go to and he can excel now even with the problems that he's having, if he's able to be traded, let's say in the off season while he's rehabbing, I know a great place he can go. You know where right down there in la right down there about to you about to play Luca, you about to play, you're about to play Luca.


Now Luca probably signed a two year deal. That way he can come back to the table and get the max in two years. Yes. So he's not gonna titles play that. He's not gonna sign anything really, really long. Like no four or five year deal. And I, and, and I think everybody understands that, but not worth it. Yeah, I mean you traded Anthony Davis who had an injury history prior to the last two years. Why would you take a guy with a known an absence if you think Anthony Davis is Miss games? It ain't even close to what Joel and b Joel and Bead, I mean, compared to Joelle and Bead, Anthony Davis is AC Green. Right? If You know AC Green, he played like 1100 games straight.


Yeah. That that's not nice song. That's not nice. That's not nice. I I mean the chat Chad no, the Chad no. I'm telling the truth and that's what it is. Don't Joe, you gonna have to roll the dice. You gonna have to roll the dice from b, they you gonna have to bleed. They gotta pay C load. But they, they gonna have to listen. You, you take a chance, you take a chance. Understanding what, what you do get when he is on the court and when he is healthy or when he is semi-healthy. When is that they have, they have the resources, they have the technology, You know, allow him, listen, if Phil does what they need to do and do right by indeed allow him to sit out. All season comes, they trade in la he gets, hes a rehab, sees the best options that they have in LA for his knee getting back.


Right. LeBron has the right people that I'm sure he can, he can help and a point to him be so he can get back to where he needs to. Where he can be a dom, the dominant center that he is. I think it would be a great look for the Lakers. Now, correct me if I'm wrong, despite his injury history, despite the kind of game you can say that Ocho, despite that's the issue. Hey that's like you saying man this is a great car despite it not cranking once but once a week it's a pretty good car. Yeah, that's the issue. But they, but I know what happened when I, when I get that, when I get that joke that Joker cranked up. I know, I know that. But what but what happens when you gotta be somewhere and it doesn't crank like the playoffs.


Remember last year how it looked? And that's the thing, Ocho, you talk about a guy that's gonna miss 450 games, he would've missed more games than he played. I don't know. I mean, look, somebody's gonna probably roll the dice, but the six is gonna have to take, I mean the six is gonna have to like, basically pay somebody with draft picks to take 'em off their hands. Listen, that's a lot of money over the next four years. Ocho this a lot of money. Right? But listen, this is what I'm, this is what I'm trying to do. I see the problem on, I see the problem. Everybody talks about the problem. I'm just the one trying to find a solution. The solution that I just came up with. I mean, it, it sounds right to me. And it's a chance that a team is gonna have to take, they gonna have to you, you gonna have to take it.


What whatcha gonna do, whatcha gonna do? Look, oh, they gonna keep talking circling back to the same conversation every single year. Somebody has to take a chance on him. And I have a, I have a feeling, I don't know why. I have a feeling and I have inclination that if he gets outside of the atmosphere and Philly, something's going to be different. I don't know what it may be. He just might need to change the scenery. I don't know. Yeah, just like when Greg Olden got outside of you got outside of Portland, his knees were bad. It didn't matter where you go, unless he goes to the moon where that has no gravitational pull, he's gonna be, it's gonna be an issue. The problem is Daryl Morry gave him a contract when he didn't have to.


He, he extended him when he didn't have to think about ocho. He had two years left. Yeah, the man limp into the playoffs. He was limping and instead of requiring him to take time off and getting the knee fixed, they let him go to the Olympics. He came back from the Olympics, he was in worse shape than he was then when he left. So now I'm paying you, unless the Olympic, the USC, the USOC, the men's basketball team was paying Joe MB would not have played in that game because his obligation is to the 76 ERs organization because that's who's paying your salary. So this notion that, oh, and I understand joining B because America has done so much for he and his family and has given them generational wealth for as long as as long as his kid's, kids kids, yes sir.


But no Ocho, they saw him injured last year at some point in time. I've gotta put my foot down. You make the best decision for your kids. Even though they think they know best. No, I'm gonna make this decision. The 76ers should have made the decision. Unfortunately Joel Embiid, we're not gonna be able to allow you to play because what have they got in the Mocho this year is gone this year is wasted gone. Yeah, they ain't getting this back. And guess what? Next year Ocho, he'll be a year older with another surgery on that knee.


What's up everybody? I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE Greatest of their era with Seth Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend, had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just a shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you. There's a fear factor that's associated with anytime you're wide open. Like So you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands Page of five dirt, four Page is a lead. Okay. Okay. I'm mad him, I left him off my list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's So tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen To Goat Greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this. Something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPG tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to say all my Miss America by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda bti. So if you want keep up with us and here is Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet please with Mel and Kira and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I I listen, I I tried. I I just thought I, I thought about the best scenario. Obviously the chat doesn't like it. You don't like it. Probably other people that are, are NBA advocates and, and enthusiasts of, of the game of basketball. They probably don't like it either. But I just know, You know, from from my knowledge of watching him be play when he's on the court. I know what you get. I remember, remember I was courtside, remember I was courtside for the one field game I went to. Do you remember with police Ford? Yes. 70 ball. I seen it with my own eyes in person. Unbelievable. In the post mid range. Putting the ball on the flow. Three pointers. I seen him dominate a game. That was the only my first and the only seven, six game I've been to, which is why I'm advocating for him.


You know. But obviously those with a little bit more knowledge of the game, especially you and especially those in the chat, You know, I, I understand. I un understand that the injury history, but sometimes a change of do wonders sometimes, You know, it's funny. No, that's just an attitude. That's with attitude. They ain't with the injury history. But we'll see. I'm sorry. Zion Williamson has reportedly made major strides in losing weight in recent months. He's currently weighing 264 pounds, which is the lightest he's weighed since the team drafted him in 2019. How much he weighed, he listed at 2 84. Huh? How much did you say he weighed? 2 64. Okay. That that's, that's good weight.


Yeah, that's good weight. He's listed on at 2 84 on nba.com. Meaning he's dropped significant amount of weight since the start of the season. He signed a five year, $197 million extension that he signed with the New Orleans in 2020. Comes with a handful of stipulations to protect the team from injury struggles or failure to maintain his weight. One such condition says that Zion must keep his combined weight and body fat percentage below 2 95 and guaranteed 20% or to guarantee 20% of his salary for the next season. So let that see. Get ocho. So they got, they got weight incentives on the salary.


Yeah, they got weight clauses weight. You want, want this brand, right? Hey, I kind of like that. I kind of like that. 'cause if, if you have someone that's young, if you have someone that's young and he's, he's struggling, you understand his dynamic and how, how great he is when he's on the court. He hasn't been on the court. Who has a problem with his weight, who has a problem with injuries because of the weight he's carrying. Who has bunnies? You know, bunnies as hops on. I'm, I'm just trying to show Yeah, I know what it is. Sure. I'm just trying to make sure You know what it is. Who has bunnies the way he is and having to bounce and pound the way he does. He's better suited at a much smaller weight than what he carries. So I like the clause that they have in this contract, forcing him to stay under.


You want this money young fella. I'm giving you an incentive to keep your weight down to where we feel you can play your best. I like it. I can motivate you by fear. I can motivate you with money. Money. But the only thing that's sustainable is self-motivation. Mm. Because you'll get so much, you'll get enough money then it won't move you. Mm. I can scare you enough. And then there's just idle threats. At the end of the day, if you are not a self-motivated person, there's no amount of money because eventually you are what you repeatedly do. Therefore it's not a singular act, it's a habit.


Hold on that now. So all that stuff, there's a reason why. Go look at the greats, forget the super ultra witch, but go look at the greats. LeBron James plays, like he ain't got a dime. Michael Jordan played like he didn't have a dime. Peyton Manning, Tom Brady, all those great Ray Lewis, Michael Strahan, Reggie White, all the greats. Ocho because see, it's not the money that's motivating them, it's self. Right. That's motivating them. I can feel you. I'm gonna find your ocho if you don't come, eventually you become desensitized to being fined. You become desensitized at at what?


At what point? How much money do I need? Hey, nine. Nine. I just hope he gets it. So You know what? Damn it, enough of this. This is embarrassing. I'm a professional athlete and these people gotta put clauses in my contract. I'm making 200 million and they gotta incentivize it just so I can get it. Mm. Let that sink in. Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm letting it sink. But listen, I'm, I'm trying to be a sponge right here. Right. And you said something earlier now I didn't wanna cut you off 'cause you was preaching, but I need you to run that back now. You say you are what you repeatedly what you are, what you repeatedly do. See I'm, therefore it's not a singular act.


It's a habit. Stay, stay right there. Stay with me now because I'm gonna use that. I'm gonna use that on a kid now. Next time they get outta the line, I'm, I'm gonna use that on my kids. Yeah. I'm, matter of fact, I'm gonna use that. I'm gonna use that in preaching to my daughter. You know, I'm going to College station. Yes. University of Kentucky is running the college station down at Texas a and m. You know, so my daughter's running, so I'm, I'm I'm gonna talk to her before the track me. You know, I'm gonna tell her, I'm gonna start off with that. You are what you repeatedly do. Okay? So therefore it's not a singular act. It's a habit. And I I need to make sure I know you maybe I, maybe I know you probably watching. So you be ready, you ready to be ready for this thing Got me getting on this plane.


I need to see, I need you to pr something better. Bring it home. Money. The money's gonna come. The money's gonna come. Oh wait, you think Michael Jordan thought he was going? Yeah. If somebody, if somebody would've told Michael Jordan, Michael, this is what you going be, Michael didn't do this because of money. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. But he played as if he was flat ass broke. Everything that you want, all you have to do is go out there. Look, the fans will appreciate a guy that gives it everything that he has, but that's not supremely talented. But they know that he's giving, he or she is giving it everything they have as opposed to somebody they know that's immensely talented.


And they look at it like, man, he bull jiving all that to to, to waste a gift. To waste a gift. Ocho you demean yourself. Yeah. You cheat yourself. I just, I I hope this is the one time in 2025 that Zion, God dang it, enough is enough something gotta click, let me go, let me go on and be what I'm supposed to be an all BAA perennial a, a a a all star. That's what he should be A perennial. Not just once and then three years later, another a perennial all NBAA perennial all, all-star every year.


Right. He has that accountability. Speaking of, speaking of, speaking of ability, speaking of what he should have been outside of being a per perennial all-star, was he not supposed to be next in line to be the face of the NBA? Yes Or am I, am I, am I tripping? Yeah, he had, he had that LeBron, okay. He was, LeBron had that buzz coming around out of, out of, out of college. I, I just, and then, You know, wimpy. Now it's wimpy. Right. Waiting is, is it? No, I I and people that I know, there's only one Michael Jordan. But look at the greats. You think Bird played for money? Look at just take the greats. Just take the greats, put attach any name to it.


The money's gonna come because they look at you and see the NBA players. The NFL players show head, Tony, Mookie, Bess, whatever the case may be. Ocho Yeah, go ahead. It's really simple. I I, I played like, I was broke because any amount of money that I was getting was 15 times what I was making. And you mean to tell Hold on Ocho You mean to tell me you going to pay me money for something I've done for free for 17 years? It ain't make a dime. Come on now. You gonna pay me to do it? Come on there. Come on, pop Warner. I ain't get a dime.


JB I ain't get a dime high school. I ain't get a dime college, I ain't get a dime. Now I get to this level and y'all going to pay me for something I did for free. And, and, and speaking of that, I like the fact that you just mentioned this, right? I like that you said Peewee, you didn't get you, you didn't get paid, You know, no junior high. You didn't get paid high school, you get paid college, you didn't get paid. Well nevermind that, that's a whole nother story anyway about college. But I'm, I'm gonna get back to that. But obviously make it to the NFL obviously now you paying me to play a game that I played as a child, having fun and entertaining and you mean to tell me now I'm gonna get to the rules of the NFL and and how they, how to, how they like to control, You know, the, the, the individualism.


So now you mean to tell me when I get to the NFL and I'm playing the game the way I played it all my life and now I make it to the highest level with the one percenters. Now you're telling me how the game should be played now that I made it. So why, why, why would I change? Huh? And this is, this is, this goes back to you as well because you used to get on me too about my style of play and the way I play the game. Yeah. And what's the first thing they take from us? What's the first thing they take from us when they want to keep us alive? Money. Huh? They take money. Why do they take our money? 'cause they, the NFL or any entity and their only way to control the players or the people that work for them is by taking the money because that's what they think they value most. But like you just said, you just said it, the money gonna always come, which is why it never changed.


Huh? I never changed. Right. I ain't played football in 13, 14 years, You know, because of you and some other entities. That was for me, opportunity. Hell, I'm making more money than that. And I ain't caught a touchdown than Yes. That's how it should be. Come on now. But these guys, I mean, I, I don't understand bro. I mean think about the, the money that you making, you, these guys are making 40, 50, 60, 70 million that's on the court. Hmm. Now they making another 10, 15, 20 off the court. Yeah. So you making a hundred million dollars and all you gotta do say, You know what?


I gotta have my weight in between this and this. All I gotta do is just play hard. You're not gonna score 30 a night, but just play hard. Some guys just, they can't even give you that consistent effort. I don't get it. I don't get it. Allen hard said, don't get up up this morning. You could argue Luca might be a better fit with LeBron than anybody he's ever played with, including d Wade Ocho. Who do you believe is LeBron James' best partner? I mean, it could be Kyrie, it could be, it could be D Wade, it could be Luca obviously. Listen goddamn LeBron is like a fucking leg.


God Dogg it man. Sorry, my bad. LeBron is a Lego piece. Unc, you could, you could plug him, you could plug him anywhere and he gonna fit you. Plug him anywhere. You can put it with anybody and it's gonna fit because LeBron is that he can just, that great LeBron is really that great. He can adjust his game depending, depending on who he's playing with. Yeah. He could play off the ball. He could dominate the ball. He could bring the ball up. He could play pointy play. I mean he, he can do everything. So I understand what, I understand what he's saying, but man, it's, it's, it's almost, it's it's almost like diminishing LeBron's greatness in saying that. Look at it, it doesn't matter who he's playing with. He can adjust to the people that he's playing with. It doesn't matter.


Yeah. And he showed that he did it with Kyrene. He did it with D Wade. He won. He gonna win with Luca. Obviously there's some more pieces that need to be added to that puzzle before they get to that point to where they're, You know, they're, they're back to their winning ways. But it's only so much time, time has ticking, You know, over there. Which is why, which is why I like, I like my idea of Mbbi. We ain't got nothing to lose because you, you need a pig. But then he, but here's the thing. You get, you get Mbbi and then you got to give him the rock. Luca needs to rock. Luca's gonna have the ball more because Luca, as I said last night, Luca is better on the ball then, then he is off the ball.


LeBron James needs the ball, but LeBron can play off the ball. You gonna see a lot of LOBs, you see LeBron coming through like Batman with those LOBs. You see LeBron getting out on the floor. He has somebody that he can trust wholeheartedly to run the offense and not ever have to come get the ball and says, I got it from here. Luca can do that. Yeah, because he can, he can create his own shot too. Huh? Can get, Luca can create, he's the best Luca. What Luca can do as opposed to what Luca can handle the ball, run the offense, get his own shot, get everybody else involved and give you 40, 15 and 12. That is efficient. But, but think about this now I'm, I'm gonna go back to the be thing one more time.


Think about Luca being able to run the offense. Think about LeBron, think about the offensive, the way the offensive is being run. Think about the spacing that is created because what they have offensively and what that would do for mb, right? Not very many double teams, right? Allowing you to, to sit in the paint to do what you do best. And if rotation, you have to go midrange to go three, you get bad. It doesn't have to do much, much running outside of going up and down in transition and playing defense. Come on back. You see, you got, you got, you gotta be careful Ocho, because a lot, two things can be true. Luca might be the better player individually, but that don't mean that he's the best player with LeBron as a duo, right?


Because you take one person that can sing over here, or another person that can sing over there and bring 'em together. And you might not get that beautiful. You might not get Tina Marie and Rick James. You might not get Stephanie Mills and, and Teddy Pendegrass. You see what I'm saying? Don't You know, you might not get Barry White and Lisa Stanfield. Now Lisa Stanfield iss not the best singer ever. Best Barry is Barry. But when you put him together, been around the world and ya, ya look, shit, y'all know what I'm talking about. As good as LeBron and Luca are, at least you going to get people, Bryson and Roberto Flack. Come on now you you you gonna get that? Yes. Yes.


Because of who they are and based on the resume and the great ones that LeBron has played with, regardless of who's better and who's that, they're still going to win because the duo, especially when you put them together, You know what you're getting, right? We only got four games. Let's hold off before we say Luca and LeBron is the best. All the other duos, he won two championships with D Wade. He won a championship with Kyrie, he won a championship with ad. Let's, let's make, and You know, let's wait more than a game or four game before we decide. Okay? We good? Oh, Snoop says Luca a Crip. Look at what he posted on I Joe, who made that Snoop?


Who made that? As a matter of fact, resting police. Roberta Flack just passed this morning. Yeah, yeah. She was 88 years of age. So killing me softly is one of the song, what you call em remade it. I'll be sure what You know about that. Once upon a time. What your once upon a time. Yeah, I know, I know that. Oh, check this out. Yeah, if last season's thing, if last year's theme for the Dallas Cowboys was all in then the leader in 2025 is selectively aggressive. Steven Jones said today, obviously our goals historically have been to try and feel as many must and needs before the draft. So you can just pick the best player on your board.


Didn't get that totally accomplished last year, but certainly there's al that's always the goal. And every year is different in terms of what those must and needs are. And then you have to have marriage who, what's in free agency versus where the draft is heavy and where can help, where can we help ourselves in the draft draft. Steven also said one of our goals is to draft a quarterback. You know what I think one of our goals is, is to get a young quarterback in the draft. I don't know where that's going to be. That's why we gave a fourth for Trey. Hold on Ocho, you just paid Dak, you gave up a fourth round to get Trey Lance and you gonna go get another quarter.


But anyway, it it, it seems like all quarterbacks, even guys in the fourth round go in the first, they always go much higher than what you think. I I have a question. You have a team in the NFC East right? That's showing you the formula on how to do it the right way. They ain't too far from you. They showing you how to do it the right way. They right there in your division, Mr. Jones, both Mr. Jones', SEF and Jerry, you got power? No killing me. Soft. Who son killing me softly. Was that the Fijis the Fiji sung that, didn't he They did ndi, they did a rendition of it. Kill it. Yeah. That wasn't, that wasn't Al Be sure that was the fi.


Did did Al be sure say killing me something too es it was just the Fijis. The Fujis. Just the ess. Yeah. Lauren. I said the ess ji, Lauren Hill, Whitecliff and bras. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But that's who sung it. Yeah. Back back to what I was saying, listen, I'm, I'm not sure. Listen, this has always been a copycat lead. You know, it has, I I know, I know it's always happened, You know, at the playing level with offensive coordinators and defensive coordinators doing things that they saw work the previous week based on the team that they're playing. But owner ownership, they should do the same thing as well. It's a copycat lead. Look at the team, what smart owners do. O Joe. Yeah. Talk to me now look at, look at the team in your division on how they operate all season acquisitions, how they draft, understanding what they need, making all the right moves, showing you what being all in really means.


That's what the Eagle Organ Organization does. Now all we hear from Dallas that has a star on the helmet America's team I might add is all talk, all talk with no action again, here we go again talking about what we're going to do and then what they're saying makes absolutely no sense when you just paid your quarterback. Now you're thinking about going to get another quarterback. We need help on defense.


What's up everybody? I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE Greatest of their Era with Seth Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend and had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just the shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you. There's a fear factor that's associated with it. Anytime you're wide open, like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands Page of five dirt, four page is a lead. Okay. Okay. I'm mad em, I left them off my list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we tap these conversations. Yes. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen To Goat Greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all my Miss America by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want keep up with us and here is Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet please with Mel and Kira and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me. It gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this. Something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris Ocho. But here's the thing, you just traded a fourth round pick for Trey Lance. I thought that was, that was supposed to be your bridge.


That was supposed to be the guy that, okay, he's in your system, you are working with him and now you talking about going to get another quarterback. Yeah, they, they don't listen, I listen, I'm in no position 'cause I don't own a football team. I've never been in a position to own one and I don't know what it's like to run, to run one, but I know when you're making the wrong decisions just by what you're saying and talking about that, ain't it? I've watched the Cowboys for years. I've watched the Cowboys last year. I watched 'em the previous year. I know they're, they're good. They're good. I also know what they need to get over the hump.


Why y'all over that bump y'all gun talking about the fugees Al be sure did say killing me softly and he sung it before the Fuges. Just so just, I just so we clear Wait, who, who what? I know y'all wasn't around in the eighties, but ll be sure Slung killing me softly also chat. I just, I just wanna throw that out there. Oh, the chat was on you on Oh yeah, because oh the Fugees and they got the, oh, I can't believe missed that one now. Go run back. Run it back chat now. Come on now because y'all quick. But You know what I noticed Ocho, when you and I make a mistake, they quick but they won't jump back in the chat when we Right and say, You know what Uncle Ocho, y'all always right, but I you, you don I don't think anybody in the chat right now is of our age.


Huh? They they, they wouldn't listen to Alby show back then. You know, they wouldn't listen to the Roberta Flacking and Ryon and some of the people that you name it. I think everybody, yeah, the chat. They might have been born, You know, 2000, 2000, You know, two esterday yesterday. I ain't never seen, I ain't never seen somebody born in 2020 in no more than everybody. Nah. They figured if it didn't happen, if it didn't happen when they in, in their lifetime mocho, man it didn't happen. That wasn't even no music. They ain't even played no football. They, we just got football two years ago. Y'all al be sure was like, I don't know if y'all know this, but Al be sure was like that.


Yeah, that hey, he was that boy now. Oh for sure. With that boy. Yeah man Al B was like that. He like, he listen to Old Terrace. Trent Darby too signed my name across my heart. You know what I'm saying? Don't yo wish you well all that, that, that, that was me, don't you? That was me. I got you. I'm wishing when you right now that's, Hey listen, that's the kind of music that's the kind of music had you in your feeling now had you think about heard me in something else too. She was feeling it. Yeah. Why you that on dope? I'm just saying on your I was in something I could feel it.


Hell no. I I I don't get the cop. They because they wait till the last minute. You, when you first signed that what you should have done, you cannot wait because you let Jerry Goff and you let walkie to him win. They were the first two picks in the draft. They got signing bonuses and Jerry let the new their teams sign them before he signed Dak and thought Dak, he was gonna get Dak at that price. No, Dak is not going to give you the price because they got security. So they're willing to give the team a little discount because they gave them security two years before they had to.


You make Dak go all the way to the, all the way to the end and you think that man's gonna give you a hometown discount. He's not okay that you went again. You don't re resign, you don't re-up him early. You make him play the contract all the basically damn near all the way out. Now you got 60 million now he damned near $90 million against the cap. Yeah. CD lamb, you wait till umpteenth hour. The same thing you do with Michael Parsis. Wait until the umpteenth hour and you wonder why you don't have wiggle room. Even with the cap going up somewhere between 20 and 25 million. You don't have wiggle room because you put yourself all the way up against the wall, which leave you very little room that you can play with.


Look, this what they do. They signed their guys real early. Now people like, man, they gave them a boat of bunch of money two years into the contract. Now they're playing for 10, 15 million less than market value because what did jailer Hertz get 50 million, gotta going rate sixties, but going rate about to be 62, 65. But now you got, you got a quarterback, just won your Super Bowl on a $50 million contract and still got wiggle room. Still got wiggle room. Yes. So I don't, I don't listen, I don't know what Jerry do it. I don't know what Steven, Steven sometimes comes out and sign.


Sounds worse than Jerry. But what do we know, Ocho I mean, they gonna keep doing it their way. It, they see what is getting them nothing. But there's no incentive. There is no incentive Ocho, because I'm gonna make sure a million. Yeah, they still getting their money. They, they still getting their money. So IIII don't, I don't get the Cowboys. I don't know. I don't, I I don't really, sometimes I don't, I wonder what they're doing. Sometimes I wonder if they know what they're doing, don't you? Yeah.


Maybe. Listen, IIII don't, I don't know. I don't know. I think they continue to do the talking because they know as soon as somebody say something, it's gonna make headlines. They gonna Jerry, they, they gonna dominate their weight. Any, any, any publicity. That's good publicity for Jerry. You know, it, it'd be good to have that pub, that publicity in season in the playoffs. Can you imagine the Cowboys not only in the playoffs, but being in San Francisco next year. Can you imagine that? Can you imagine that, what that would do with Jerry and the money that he likes? You, you think you making headlines now, man, imagine making.


Well, we ain't got, guess what? Guess what? We don't have to worry about what Cowboys in the Super Bowl. You never know. You never know. You do know. Listen, talk, listen to stay with me real quick. Now you draft, well, you get some off season acquisitions in there defensively. You get your number two, you get your number two receiver, a good number two receiver. Almost. You, there's a receiver that I'm not even gonna say no names. There's a, there's a receiver out there that you can go get where it would be A one A, A one B. You wouldn't even be on number two. You have a one A and a one B. That takes some of the pressure off of Dak. Lemme ask you a question O Joe, talk to me. What does number two receivers cost money. What is the Cowboys unwilling to spend in Fred money?


If you not gonna spend $8 million to get Derrick Henry when the Gordon rate is about 11 to 12 Right. For a running back. Right. What makes you think you going spend 25 to 30 million on number two? Hey, listen, I know what the problem is and I have a solution. Now whether they wanna execute it or not, then so be it. You know, You know what the problem is? I ain't gonna say it. And they're not gonna do anything. They're not gonna do anything to try and solve it because solving pro ocho solving problems costs money. Yeah. If your house leaking you, like, You know what the problem is, are you gonna spend money to get it in the roof fixed?


Just because You know what the problem is? What are you gonna do to solve the problem? That's, that's the better question. What are you gonna do to solve it though, Joe? Yeah, I mean, I'm, I'm curious. Hey, listen, the Eagles do it every goddamn reading. You gonna do it every season? They do it every off season. The Eagles do do it every off season. We see, we see the Eagle's organization do it every off season. So it shouldn't be no problem for the cowboy to do it. The answer is right there, there. They write on that down the street. They, they showing you how to do it. They, the formula is right there in front of you every off season.


Not clear. 'cause the Eagles, the Eagles understand Ocho, they've gotta spend money in order for their to, in order for them to make money. Jerry doesn't have to spend money. He has the most valuable sports franchise in the world. If you talk about Barcelona, you talk about Manu, whatever, Y Madrid, Darin, it does not matter if you talk about a sports franchise, the Cowboys are the most valuable and it's not even close. Yeah. Just so we know it's not close. So there's really no incentive for him to spend money.


Plus we gonna talk about him regardless. The Eagles hired Roseman. Are you saying Jerry Jones is as good a GM as Howie or is DeCosta or Ozzy that's in Baltimore? Hell no. Absolutely not. Or Brent Veach in Kansas City. Absolutely not. Bean. I think Bean is a in, in Buffalo. Man, look, Jerry just be talking and we listen to him. Yeah, but guess what? Guess what? I ain't gotta listen to him all media day.


You know that night when there are both teams go at the Super Bowl? Yeah. And they go, we ain't gotta worry about that. We ain't gotta worry about it. Hey, we'll be there. I know, I know somebody be at Super Bowl next year. Who? And I know somebody who won't us. I'll be there. Ah, Ojo. The NFL team who proposed rule change to ban the tush, push outed as the packers. Oh, lane Johnson reacted on Twitter with the crying laughing emoji. Diana Reini said the Green Bay Packers are the team that submitted a proposal to the NFL's competition committee to ban the tush push per sources.


So that's the, is that the only team one team? That's all it takes. Wait, gotta it take more than one team? Mark is 32 of them. No, no. It takes one team to propose it. Now you can send it to the competition committee. Now they get to decide after that. But it'll take no vote with, it'll take five teams. Yeah. It may take what, 20 something of the owners to vote it and says, okay. Okay. I, I see, I see. Yeah. But not just not, not to bring it forward. It only takes one team. Listen, every funny thing about it, every team, every team you do to push, push everyth team, we do it. Everything. You do it now. Everybody can't execute it the way the Eagles can. But yeah, because you ain't got a quarterback to squat 600 pounds and have that kinda leg drive.


And, and also you don't have an offensive line like that either. They, they also don't have offensive line like the Eagles. Nope. You gotta think with them boys. Average height wise and weight wise. Oh, they big fell. They big, they big fellas. Oh yeah. I mean you got Lane Johnson at six six, you got MILOT at six eight. You got Dickerson at what? Six five. Six six. You got Jensen Jergenson probably 6 4, 6 5. You got Mackay Beckton at 6 6, 7, 6 8. Yeah. You probably going 3 50, 3 43 33 20 lane. Probably 3 25. The funny thing about it, they mess around and bend the tush push and goddamn the Eagles.


They can go in, they can go in the heavy set and still get the first down. They can go in, they can go in the base two tight end. Still get the first album. Did what? It's gonna be the same thing. If it's close, if it was fourth and one third and one, they can do the same. Do the same thing. Well, it used to be you used to couldn't push the runner because it was called he'd throw a flag or you call it aiding the runner right Now. They said you can't, you can't push him, but you can't pull him. Right. Like you see in college, they pull, they pull to run back on after. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. NFL you're not supposed to be able to do that. But look, stop it. Somebody doing something, stop it. That's it. That's it. That's all you gotta do. You gotta stop it. Yeah.


No other formula ocho. The NFL dynamic kickoff format for a controversial was a controversial edition in 2024 season maybe getting a few tweaks going forward. The NFL competition committee co-chair, rich McCain told reporters that the league is looking at ways to increase the number of return kicks and investigate different ways to either make on side kicks more possible to recover or potentially replace them altogether. I told you what, they tried to do that now didn't I tell you they tried to get nothing outta there. Hold on. Because it's still collision. They tried to get away the collision. They say a lot of the, a lot of the concussions were happening on kick. Now they wanna get the punt out there too. Because You know what, you generate that, that speed.


Think about the speed that these got those gunner, right. And those guys the block it all of a sudden generate Well, I, how, how ojo how they gonna do that? Lemme finish reading what Judy, Judy Batista said on side kicks committee and special team coaches are looking at tweaking the formation to make it possible to recover on side kicks the historical rate topped out at 13.5%, recovered by the kicker team. So that would be a goal at most. McCab league teams will look at fourth and 15, fourth and 20 play in place of the onside kick. Although it ported out, it needs 24 volts to pass. Now why would you go now if the onside kick was so much more easy than fourth 15 and fourth 20?


Why would they do that? Ocho? I don't know. They, they messing, they, they listen, they, You know, Ocho you don't mind if I dust my awards off while you answer that question for the chat? Go ahead Ocho. Hold on. Hey unc, the game, the game that I've grown to love, the, the game that I've grown to love has changing right before my eyes. I know that. Is it, is it changing for the better or is it changing for the worse? That's a question I want to ask Chad. Is the game of football changing for the better or changing for the worse? Oh, Joe, I just asked you a simple question. I heard you, I want you to explain it to the Chad. If fourth and 15, fourth and 20 is so much more difficult than the onside kick, why would they go for, why would they use that as opposed to the onside kick?


That's all I'm asking. If you could answer me that, that's it. I I I don't know sir. I don't know. You and I had a, a very heated and compassionate discussion. Yeah, it was, it was, but Right. But right now, the fact that they, even in that they even impose this, oh God, I dunno what to say, but I, I think what they're doing to the game, the game that I've grown to love, the game that I watched as a kid growing up, You know, the game that I've grown to always wanna be and admired the players that played it and looking as a little kid and watching on tv, You know what? I want to go and do this. That game is not the same anymore. Unc I don't know what they're doing out. There's only, so, there's only so much you could do because the game of football, the players are getting bigger, faster, and stronger.


The dimensions to the field are not going to change. So they're trying to make all these tweaks and changes to the game of football to protect the players. But the things that need to change aren't, how about starting with the field, making the field a little bigger? How about that? There's only, they're not gonna do that. There's no listen. Oh, this is a violent sport. It's a barbaric sport. Okay. I mean, I played for 14 years. I know I got, I got the scar to say it was violent. What, what are they, what are they gonna do? There's only so much you can do. You can only tweak it so much before at some point you can't even call the football anymore.


I, I, I, look, I know where this was heading. 'cause every year they're talking about ways to decrease concussions. And they say on the special teams is when most of the concussions, a lot of the concussions, the higher rate of the concussions occur. How can we get it out with flags? How can we get the concussion? How can we get it out? Ocho I just told you all the while trying to keep you can't, how you gonna kid to get it out? Flags how? Take the hammer. You still gotta punch the ball. Take the hammer off and play flag. Oh nah. Hell no. I, well, well that's what's coming down to anyway. Might as well. You wanna take, you take make the NFLA flag football league, no concussions.


Well, all you're doing is pulling flags. Okay. We will see. We, I tell you what, we gonna revisit this in a second. Ocho The Volume.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning. You write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed, LPG tool winner, and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira Kay Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira. We are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. An iHeart win sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us an iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast, wide Open with Ashlyn Harris. I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Tickets Are on sale now. Y Allall for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival. Presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Don Boogie Thomas Red Rascal, flex Cole. Swindell. Sam Hut. Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.