
Hey, all you women's soups, fans, and folks who just don't know yet that they're women's soups fans. We've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire. And everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa. Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. What's up? I'm Laura, host of the podcast Courtside with Laura Corti, a masterclass case study of the business of women's sports. I'll be chatting with leaders like Tennis Icon Alana Kloss. I don't do what I do only for women, I do it for everyone, And I want the whole market.


And innovators like Jenny Wynn, I would say 50% of the people that come visit the sports bra aren't sports fans. They come to be in community. They come to be part of this culture. Court side with Laura Corti is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen, a courtside with Laura Corti on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports. What's Up y'all? I'm AJ Andrews, pro softball player, sports analyst, and the first woman to win a Rawlings gold glove. On my new podcast Dropping Diamonds, we dive headfirst into The world of softball by sharing powerful stories, insights, and conversations that inspire and empower.


It's time to drop bombs and diamonds, Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews is an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with Athletes Unlimited Softball League and deep blue sports and Entertainment. Listen to Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Brought to you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network. My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees.


Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. The Volume


Who scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to edition The Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to DraftKings Sportsbook app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the Rack with DraftKings Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on the best unlimited plans boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Rubi Rose said you need to make $5 billion a year to date her. Ah, For for for content purposes. 'cause that, that's, that's what this is for content purposes. I mean that, that's, that's everyone can, can, can, can, can, can have their dreams and aspirations. Everyone can have their, what's, what's the word I'm looking for? Their prerequisites on what's required to date them. So I'm, I'm not fitting, no, I'm finna not, I'm not knocking her prerequisites now it's a little steep based on the individuals that have 5 million that make 5 million or more a year.


That that pool of one percentage you have to choose from. You know, I mean that, that's cool. That's cool. As long as you understand what comes with that. Well, At least. At least. And you, she already told you what she about so she's under no pretenses. I look it is just as easy today. The rich man. It is a poor one. And if you give a choice, hey, she say I'm gonna take the rich one. But You know what you got. Yes sir. You know what? She already told you what she's about? Yeah. What time? Yeah. Alright, Mel. I I like it. So, so Lemme ask you a question. Oto Rubi Rose. She cute? She cute, huh? She's fine. Huh? Not $5 million. Fine.


You Don't think I've seen, I've I've seen women, I've seen women finer, I've seen women that look better. That's just me personally. Right, Right, right. Okay. Okay. Hell, I was just a, in Houston, I saw 10 of them. Oh my god. I know three for sure. Don't Do me a favor. Don't, don't mention hug. I, You know what? You right, Right. My bad. I've been focused. I've been, I've been focused, I've been disciplined. I don't don't, don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. But yeah, I, I think, I think at some point she was dating Drusky Dki. Yeah. Thinking. Yep. Dki. Yeah. Very. I mean, obviously she's, she's, she's, she's gorgeous. So, so she's gorgeous. I I, so I would do that. That's what I'm gonna do. In order for, for order for unc.


You, I'm gonna need you, I'm gonna need you to make at least 10 million a year. Damn. Oh, how many women don't earth to make it year? Ain. Got do me. I'm telling you what my standard is. Okay. What the fuck I gotta do? What The fudge that gotta do with me. Hey, if she could, if she could say she wants somebody that make 5 million, why can't we? Right. Listen. And that, that's the, that's the, that's the beauty of life too, huh? That's the beauty of life. As, as, as, as men, as women, we can have free requisites and have certain standards and abide by 'em and boundaries, whatever it may be. I want my man to have A, B, C And I want my woman to have A, B, and C.


And if they don't meet those standards, I'm gonna keep it moving. Now, the chances of finding some of the things that people require, it's slim to none. But if you're gonna shoot for the, if you're gonna shoot for the moon, or if you gonna shoot for the stars and then fall short and land on the moon, so be it. But, but here the, You know, I like, but here's the thing though, Ojo, you see how women can have standards? Women can say, I want somebody six foot tall. I want somebody to make X amount of dollars. I want somebody that's, that has a degree. I want somebody that's well read and likes to travel. Yeah. Shannon says, Shannon says, oh, he don't want a woman to pass gas around. That's why you're single. You see now women just listed on five, 10 things what they want. That ain't why you single. Right, right. But hey, I said, I don't want no woman to pass gas around me.


I want a woman. She going to the bathroom. I don't need to know close the door. Oh, that I can see. Why aren't single women tell you all the things they want? The first thing a man says, they'll say, I, well, I, You know what? I want a woman that's about five 10. I want to have her natural hair. I want her to have everything natural. He's so shallow. Ah, a man, a man tell you what he want. He shallow women go out there and tell you everything I want, this, this, this, and this. Hey, hey, I don't blame you, baby. Don't settle. Don't settle. Yeah. Out. But man, Supposed settle. But women never supposed to settle. Hey, Love that Man.


Y'all better miss me. Yeah. Hey, it, it is an ongoing battle on, it's an ongoing battle of the sexist and what we want, what would require, there's a lot of delusion in it as well. It's, I like it, I like it. Whatever you believe in, whatever your standards may be, go for it. Go for it. Again, like I say, shoot, shoot for the highest, the highest you can, the chance of you, you getting, You know, what you actually shooting for. Yeah. It's slim to none. But hope and believe that one day you may achieve it. But I mean, but I I I'm saying on Joe, I don't, I don't care. I don't care.


Right. What race, they, I don't care, whatever the case may be, but it seems to be jaded for one side that a women gets to have all these prerequisite that they require from a man. But the moment a man says this, oh, he's shallow. Oh, he's this, he's that. Why can't I say I want this out of a woman? Right. Like, women say they want this from a man. That's all I'm asking. I don't care what you date, I don't care who you date, but I'm just asking why can't men have standards like women we're supposed to take with anything we supposed to take anything that wink at us and a lay down, Hey, you better be glad you outta your 57.


I don't give a damn. I'm 87. Yeah, You ain't fitting to put no stipulations on me. Double standard on, depending on who you ask. That's a, that's a great, that's a great topic. That's a great conversation. I Gotta a, if she, if five, if a hundred thousand, whatever the case may be, most of the time men, men don't say, oh, she needs to make this okay, you treat me good, okay, blah, blah, blah. Then, You know, okay. But, but also you gotta think about this too, a men that make that kind of money, men that make that kind of meaning five men and more.


They like dealing with women that don't have as much or really don't need them because they don't wanna deal with women that need that, that, that don't need them. Right. They wanna deal with women that need them. That puts them in positions of power where they're able to control what you can and can't do. So they, they, they, they, they enjoy that. And most women, I don't think they, they understand when you deal with these men that have that kind of money that are taking care of you and doing everything for you, you a and there's really no freedom, huh? But because you make, you make one mistake, the chance of getting that again, well don't you, it's slim to none. You gotta be careful. The reason why men, because a woman that makes that kind of money, she don't have that kind of time to devote to a man that's making that kind of money the man Anyway.


So Women that don't make that money, the man is expecting them to be there at their beck and call. If a woman make that right, she's working just as hard as a man that's making that. Yeah. So that's why you don't see a lot, a lot of times, a lot sometimes, not all, but I'm talking about like movie stars, You know, the the saying is, You know, why movie stars? Because the other know what it's like to live in that world. But more when you start seeing women, men, okay, you make a million, you make 2 million, you make five, you make 10, you make 20. Do you understand? Yeah. What is required of a woman to make that kind of a salary? Yeah. It's different. If finna be coming home and cooking for you can finna be condo bro, come on now It's different.


So you have to understand, okay, I want somebody that's going to, You know, be the mother of my kids. I want somebody that's gonna stay home and take care of the house. Woman is making 10 million. And I don't believe she giving that up. Ocho she done work too hard to be put in that position. I'm just, I'm just saying I could be wrong, but it's hard. No, it's hard. You're not wrong. Huh? You, you're, you're not, you're not wrong because y'all understand a woman that's making $10 million a year, that's a plan that's been thought out, strategized Her whole Life, years in advance her whole life. And you, she's not messing that up. No, that's, that's, that's, that wasn't a mistake. Yeah, that was not a mistake.


So it's, it's man, these women and they got real bold with it, but it is what it is. Yeah. Yeah. But listen, it, it, it, it eliminates gray area. It eliminates gray air and it eliminates games. Now what it does do, it makes a percentage of the type of men that they can date. It shrinks the pool. Very, very, very, very, very small. I want a man that makes $5 million. Well, I know one thing, all the men that make $5 million and more, I mean, well the cha I mean, you gotta wait to turn to come off the bench. That's about it. You ain't gonna be the only one. But he does make $5 million. I mean, You know, they get, they get the pick from the, they get to pick from the pawn on who they or who they wanna deal with that.


Hey, listen, that specific day. Yeah. You understand what that comes with. Man, I, I mean, I mean listen some sometime women don't care as long as they got it. Hey, but it, but it is what it is. Ocho I got something for you here. You have one hour to eat this for a hundred thousand ocho. Are you doing it? That's Easy. I can't do it. I ain't no sense in me lying. I can't do that, babe. What the hell you think I am a lion or tiger or something? I ain't got no bottomless feather. What the hell? Huh? That's only four burgers. There's a, there's a reason that they put fortune chicken and Chicken nuggets and them drinks and them fries. I'm not doing that. Ocho, I can't eat that. I know me.


Yeah, two big Macs and 20 piece McNuggets a large fry. That's Gone, Bro. Do you realize how long ago that's been? Hell no. Man, I can't eat that in an Hour. Kobe, Kobe. Hey what's, what's the Kobe the hot dog? Yeah. If you can eat all them hot dogs, you can finishing burgers And you listen. You have the four sodas there to wash everything down right away to make it go down easy. No, trust me, you can, You know what the world can Even Joey Chestnut eat that in five minutes.


Jaws chestnut could, Probably could. I can't. Ain't no, ain't no, ain't no look. I don't have the desire. I can't eat. Like I once couldn't once upon a time. Yeah, I can eat, I can eat two big Macs, 20 piece nugget, large fry, large, large drink supersized. I can't eat that. Hold On. Let's keep everything, let's think, keep everything in the context. Unc, the word can't, should not be your vocabulary. I cannot, we learn a hundred thousand. Yes. And can. I'm Not making myself sick with that. So you can't, you can't eat that for a hundred thousand then that mean you don't need that 52 50. I need that for 52.


I can eat it for 5,200. I can't do it for a thousand. I can do it for 5,200 though. Mancho. Hold on. That's one, two, shout out one, two, that's 12 nuggets. That's a, hold on. That's a double quarter. That look like two, two double quarter pounders. Three double four, four double quarter pounders, a medium fry, large fry and four Oh hell no. Hell to the, no it's a 20 piece and four quarter pounders. But it look like they got double B Double Quarter pounder. Double quarter pounders. Yeah. Oh hell no.


Now you got four cheeseburgers. Right. I don't want no cheese though because after that first burger, it's over that first burger with cheese. If ain't no lactate around it's a wrap. Yeah, You done, huh? Yeah. Okay. That, that's understandable. Now there are other, now, now you've given me other factors and reasons why you wouldn't be able to eat it. Okay, I got it. That's understandable. I don't see, I know me, I know what's going to impact me. Hey, I go up there and it's like, hey, if I see, if I see a fruit, if it's just apples I bypass. I don't want none of that Apple peels chocolate milk.


They're gone. I don't even fool, I don't even fool with it. I don't touch no dairy unless I got lactate. I always got me a little kit. Shelly made me a little kit. I got Benadryl, I got Zyrtec, I got Claritin, I got lactate, I got Advil, I got ol. Yeah, I got back a little kit. If I ain't got that kit, I'm good. I don't touch no ice cream. I don't do none of that. And then have to get on the plane because I'm not going on no bathroom, on no plane. That ain't never gonna happen. You ain't gonna use the bath. So you ain't never, man, you ain't never do number two on the Plane. Yeah, it ain't, Lord, please don't let that happen to me by myself and black and Lord.


And you can't, you can't, you can't live like that, bro. You, you can't. It, it's just, it's, you have too many rules man. You have too people. Hold on Chad. Y'all see them bathrooms on the airplane, man. People done peed all over the back. Come all though, Joe. I, You know, take my, a minute I take, I take my knee or something And I ain't put your, I ain't touch your nose on my hand. Never have me with You. Dress the toilet seat up with toilet tissue two times. You put two layers on it And you sit down my, You your boot over here. Oh, hell no. Hey you, you tripping. I Tripping, man. Going to the bathroom.


You go to the bathroom, babe. When you go to a restaurant, you go to the bathroom, you in the gym, you go to the bathroom And you on a plane. Hell no. Yes. You layer the steam with toilet tissue twice And second of all, I'm too big. You mean you're too big, Man, I be, Hey, I have, I need the door open. I have my No, you Open Now. You, you ain't gotta, you ain't gotta sit. Oh, you don't have to sit all the way down. You can squat With my hips and my knees. Oh yeah. Yeah. Well you ain't gotta, well, damn, how long, how long you gotta eat? Hey, you get, you get out your system and stand back up.


Hey, Hey man, when I normally go, I have to hop down the prophet. Hey man, dog, I'm let y'all have that one. I go, Hey, I like to be PI like to be spread out. I like no clothes. I'm butt naked. All my clothes up nice and neat. I'm just, You know, I, I, You know, I'm like this here. I ain't bother nobody. Right, I got you. But, but listen, circumstances change based on environment where you at can't at the, on the airplane, you can't get naked That, see, I don't wanna go. You Pull your pants down your ankle And you squat.


Layer it up if you want, if you wanna sit down and Okay, I got you. I understand. Nah, I'm good. You eat anything too. I'm oh you. Part of the reason why I'm never sick is because I eat anything. Part of the reason why I never probably got hurt because I eat anything.


I'm Camila Ramon Pelotons first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur and almost most importantly AEO enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami Apre enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Asho is where sports music and fitness collide And we cover it all sit downs with real game changers in the sports world. Like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Humate, who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It All changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know, you're not Latina enough. First of all, What does that mean? My mouth is wide Open. Yeah. History makers like the ska family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It Was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League And I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially Linemates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the, the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. You Forgot to save warmer Miss America, by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf apps and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda tis. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with me and Kira and iHeart Women's Sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Ocho. Yo, look who's joining us. Hey, he's 6 6 464 pounds. He could become the largest draft pick drafted in NFL history. And boy, he had a pro game last week. He bench pressed 2 25, 36 times. Me too. More than any player did at the combine earlier this year. Yeah, he also ran the 40 and 5 3 9. He broke six seconds at over 460 pounds. Had a 25 inch vertical jump. Y'all, let's put some hands together for Florida's outstanding defensive tackle. Mr. Deman Watson. Dad, what's Dad?


You can hear me? What's up little fella? Boy, you good? What's up? Yeah, I'm, I'm, Hey. Hey. Where you at? Where you at right now? Where? What state you in? I'm in Wait, what? Where you from? The crib. Y'all from Tampa. Oh, I ain't know that you, you in Tampa right now. Okay. I'm coming To there. You while we chill. Let, lemme ask you this. Dez, you got the pro, You know, Florida's having their pro day. What, what were you hoping to accomplish and do you feel you accomplish that in your pro day? I think I was just going there trying to surprise everybody. You know, I feel like everybody looking away and stuff like that and don't expect me to be able to move around. 'cause You know, usually people my size can't.


So I think I was going there trying to surprise some people And I think I did. You definitely did. You definitely surprised some people because you picking them up and putting them down. I'm like, well damn, We can move Now. You can move. Hey Unc, before, before you go, go ahead. Hey dad, listen, if, if, if, if the scouts and the people that watch film and watch college football this year, man, and they watch you play your Sure they quickness is like no other though. Your footwork is like no other dose. So they should know you could already move a little bit and based on what you put on film already. So it really shouldn't have been no surprise to nobody When you was at what you, when you went out there and did what you did. Listen, I got, I got, I got one thing at 464 pounds. You think that's right. You, you think they got your weight right?


Yeah, too. But You know, I still gotta process, You know what I mean? Right. I definitely gonna lose weight. I feel like my outlook or the outlook of Like, You know, my supporters and my fans and stuff like that isn't the same as Scout. So, You know, they gotta, they got a number set for me that I gotta get to And I take, You know, in order for me to be successful in the league. Right. Get to the league at that. I gotta get it number Now. I always, I always thought about this, they always tell you what your what, how much you need to wear or what you need to do with your body. How do you feel best? How do you feel you can play at your best? Is it, is it being a little lighter? Is it being a little heavy or what do, what do you think? I don't know. I think, I think losing weight, You know, it definitely put me in a spot for sure.


But I think, You know, I can play, but at the same time I wanna, I wanna do something if I get there. So I think being, being lighter helped me, You know what I mean? Okay. I heard, I, I don't know if it's true, were you at one point in time almost close to 500 and you've lost like 30, 40 pounds, haven't you? Yeah, close to it. Close to it. I ain't never touched. So, so, so that, because I think the thing is right now they're looking at you as a two down player first and second down, you stop the run, make sure, hey, your linebacker stay clean. They float to the ball. Hey, but hey, y'all talking about taking up all these blocks I'm trying to eat too. I'm trying to make me some tacklers. Y'all talking about holding center of this guard and keep from getting up on the linebacker, bro.


I need to eat. I need to eat. Yeah, yeah. But I saw you in Florida also. They gave you the ball, you carried the rock dance. Yeah. That's really not, that's not my, my thing. You know, I usually don't like being stuff like that, but I know like since I got there, fans and stuff like that and then, You know, neighbor gave me the opportunity, I couldn't, I couldn't pass it up. So had what, what if they put you, what if the NF NFL team say dev, we gonna put you, you gonna be on the one yard line and they want you to dot that? I, yeah, they gonna put you pushed there. So realistic. So realistically, Dan, because for me, honestly, I don't think realistically, I don't really know if getting under 400, but I think you can get down to say four 20.


Four 20 And I think that would give you sustainability. Now you can play 25, 30, 30 plays a game. Is that something realistic? Is that what, so what is the, what is the goal that you have in mind as far as weight and far as play total that you think that, You know what, I can be at my absolute best if I get this weight and play this many plays. I'm not really sure specifically, but I know, You know, like along the process I'll be able to feel it. You know what I'm saying as far as play total, same thing. You know, I gotta feel it. I played against Tennessee, which is the fastest offense in the nation all four years. So not, I mean like, just, that's not really a worry of mine. But at the same time, I, I know, I guess the lighter I get it, the more I can dominate because that's, that's the goal, You know.


So I don't know how I say I gotta feel it. Okay. What of the, go ahead, Ojo. Go ahead. My bad. Aren, you taking all my questions? Man, go ahead. Go ahead. Hey dad, check this. Say I got a two part question for one. I wanna know how you like Cincinnati. Have you ever been Cincinnati? How would you like to be part of the Bengals now? I'm not trying to tamper nothing. I'm just throwing a little birdie out there for you real quick. Just in case, You know, I talk, I talk to people, I talk to management, You know, we need a little help on the defensive line. So I just wanna know if you've been to Cincinnati, do you like it? If you don't like it, I can give you suggestion on where to go once you get drafted. I never been to Cincinnati, You know, I'm, I'm from down south. I ain't really been too far up unless IN we ain't never traveled a little bit, but I don't care who it is, You know, if anybody trying to put me in Jersey, I'm, I'm ready For it.


Well, I'm telling you, you're a little good in stripes, but my second part of my question was, when it comes to defensive tackles, especially those that are coming out in the draft this year, what do you think it is about you and your game that separates you apart from everybody else and why a team should want you instead of any, any other defensive tackles? Why should you be on the board first? I feel like I'm the best run stopper there is, You know? Yeah. Even outside, You know, I think I got great technique. I, I pride myself of being the smartest on the B-line or at least knowing, knowing the offense and defense that we're going against. I think, I think that's really the biggest thing. I pride myself of being able to take up double team and stuff like that. And You know, just doing my job. I think me being prideful and doing my job is, is something that was setting me apart for most people.


I like It. You heard that Mike Brown, duke, Tobin Ha Yeah. Des tell me, tell me what, what you've heard as far as day one, day two, maybe, You know, first three rounds, rounds four through seven, what are you hearing and who, who's shown the most interest in Desmond Watson? I did a couple interviews with different teams. Like I said, my, everybody's outlook isn't the same. Like apart from my, my supporters and stuff like that. And compared to the NFL Scouts, You know, I think they all can agree that I got athletic ability and I'm smart enough to do it. I got the, I got the ability. But like I said, that weight is a lot of, a lot of concern for a lot of teams. So depending on how much weight I lose, depending on where I could go, You know what I mean?


So de were you, were you always a big, how much did you wear as a child? Were you always a big kid? Yeah, I was always a big kid. But the craziest thing is I'm the only big one in my family. I come from a family of receivers running out. Damn. What's up with that? I dunno, I think it was just desperate for me to play, play in interior. Everybody else had all the highlight plays and stuff like that. Like my older brother, 5 9, 1 65, You know? Serious. Serious. Dope. That's dope. That's live. That's live. So I did, you said long as somebody's gonna give you a jersey gonna give you the opportunity to live out your childhood dream. Yeah. Which is playing the National Football League. Have you thought about what that moment will mean when you get that call and there's somebody pick up the phone and say, may I speak to Desmond?


Like, yeah, hey, they see Desmond, we're gonna see select, we're gonna select you with the next pick and whatever round that is. Have you thought about what that moment is gonna feel like and how are you gonna handle that moment? How are you gonna respond in that moment? Yeah, I mean, it, it would mean a lot but I think in my situation it, it still would be more time before I could celebrate it, You know what I mean? Because I think getting an invite to a camper or something like that, or getting a call from a team definitely wouldn't be the end for me. You know what I mean? I think I just, it's gonna be more, I gotta make a team, I gotta, You know, get it at 53 and then make a play. I think my first tackle or something like that in the NFL being a lot more to me than the call would. Wow. I I like that. Lemme lemme ask you this dance.


So have you hired a nutritionist? So what are the steps that you're looking to undertake to make sure you get to that weight? Maybe it's not a number that they, that a team has set. Maybe it's a number that Desmond has set for himself. Have you, have you hired a nutritionist and what are the steps that you're gonna take to make sure you get to that number? Yeah, I was trained down in Miami, had nutritionist, stuff like that. But after pro day, me and my agent been talking, I get back to work tomorrow actually in Tampa. All that, all that type of stuff, You know, nutritionist working out different type of different types of workshop, workout therapy, all type of things, You know what I mean? My goal is to play in NFL and stuff like that And I know what, what it takes to do that. So me and my family, my, my agent, we're all hands-on trying to get that.


Well, well listen, whatever that goal may be. Now we don't have this talk about this online now, my resume, it speaks for itself as far as being a nutritionist and being able to provide all the necessary nutrients that you need to either gain or lose weight. So if you wanna get in contact with me, it's a way to reach me And I can be down in Tampa tomorrow. Yeah, I I heard about your, your, your meal plan. That's, that's how I got like different Perfect. So go somewhere else. That one? Yeah. Dez, don't you follow with that foolishness? Can't do it. You be head the other way. Dez, you be head the other way. Dev, lemme ask you a question. Yeah. When, when you was running, what did you think? Did you think you could break six seconds? So in training, did you break six seconds in the 40?


Yeah, I think maybe like a week or two before that I got five high five, seven or something like that. I knew I was gonna break it. I feel like we didn't have a lot of time to warm up. Stuff started locking up on me a little bit, You know what I mean? But I definitely could've got a little bit back. Hey Dan, you, I don't know if you saw the game, but did you see the game when I think Baltimore played Pittsburgh? Oh yeah. And, and, and Pierce got that interception and he was about to take it to the house and he took a knee. Dad, you ain't gonna do that And you could picked you going to the house, ain't it? In that situation, you gotta take a knee. My situation expert, I can't do it. I don't know how to hold the ball. I know how to touch people. I, I don't know how to hold the ball. They up on their arm and put hand up in air, put put the kids house.


I'm, it sound easy when people going for your knees, he ain't think about holding hair out. He had a, you're supposed to hit that prime time. Put your head behind your head start. I want 21. Not, Hey, I got, I I got, I got a question and this, this would be a good one. As a defensive tackle yourself. I want you to rank your all time five greatest defensive tackles that, that, that you like or you enjoy watching or maybe that you model your game after or you watch fone. Just who who do you think are your, your top five all time defensive tackles All time. Orange. Oh, That's a good one. These not people I model my game after, You know, I feel like I'm a little different.


Right, right. Aren, of course Chris Jones up there all Tom. It doesn't have to be all time. Just your, your five favorites. You Could, you could date Dan, Roger, Lawrence, Dex Lawrence in there. D's for sure. Okay. Yeah, he, he going there before it's over with. And the person I like to watch a lot and my, my game after is Vita. Ve Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, Now You know what? Now you like Vita, ve Now You know Vita eat McDonald's. Now I'm just throwing that out there. I'm just telling you I can't do it. Vive get like 70 M right now. I can't do it.


Hey, tell hey, hey dance, when you get that second contract, you can treat yourself to some McDonald's. But that first contract is chicken bread. Can't use it though. Lean cuss of Turkey and stuff like that. I got you. I like it. Hey, You know what? Some team might get you there just to stop that tush push you stop, you stop that T push. I, I got to that is y'all don't come with this equipment. And I think anybody got me sneak on me since I've been in college. Let ask you this, dad, you had offers from Alabama, Florida State, Kentucky, Michigan, and Tennessee. What made you choose Florida? At the time when I was coming outta high school, they was, they was an SC championship.


Things was just looking right. Of course I'm from Florida too, but things was looking right. I think it came down to the Wildwood, Florida, Texas a and m and Alabama, Texas a and m. I'm not sure why. I just don't, I didn't think they, they valued me as much as Florida. And then with that being close to home, I feel like it wasn't, wasn't a better choice. Okay, so you wanna stay close to home. You was in Florida, you're a Florida kid, so how so you, you from Tampa, so Tampa to Gainesville. What's That's an hour drive. 90 minutes, hour, hour, 30. Oh, That close. That's real close. Yeah. Hey, so you going into the draft next year? I'm, excuse me, you going into the draft this year now, You know I do the, the rate the, the Madden ratings for Madden.


And so if the combine, you did the bench press 2 25, you did it 38 times. I did mine 37 when I was at the combine. What would you want your strength to be? So I can, I can go ahead and jot it down now on Madden Top Top three. Top three. I ain't gonna say nine, nine but top three. Okay, I'm up. So I maybe like a 96. I'm make you 97. Yeah, I got you. I got you. So your strength gonna be a 97. What about your overall rating? I don't know. I need to be a run stopper or whatever it is. I need to have some run stop ability. I got you. I got you. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna put that down. I'm gonna do that myself in the system if I get fired. It is what it is.


Dez, we gonna get you outta here on this one. Your Gators Yes. Made the hey made it to the final four. They take it all for sure. And that, that last game was the, the the worst game. Y'all gonna see that was it. And they cool it off. So, You know, they gotta they get it off then you hoop, you hoop too dead. I did when I was younger, but I think eighth grade when I stopped, I can though. Oh, you got skills like that? Yeah, I, I told you I come from family receivers and running backs. It. I, this footwork is in here. It Yeah it is, man. Congratulations. All the best. De thank you for joining us for a couple of minutes, giving us a couple minutes of your time. We wish you the best of luck and when you get drafted, come back and holler at your favorite uncle, your favorite number 85.


Yeah, I appreciate, don't Me by that. Don't forgive me, dad, by the nutritionist job, The show you got Flock dance Block.


I'm Camila Ramon Pelotons first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur and almost most importantly a re enthusiast. And I'm Melissa Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami AP Enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Asho is where sports, music and fitness collide And we cover it all. De Riva sit downs with real game changers in the sports world like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Humate, who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It All changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know, you're not Latina enough. First Of all, what does that mean? My mouth Is wide open. Yeah. History makers like the Suat family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates. Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPG tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all my Miss America, by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel and Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf apps and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda tis. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Y App, tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


DDG said he spent 15,000 on a designer bag for a girl, but won't cover her rent. He said I'd rather buy a girl a $15,000 designer bag, but wouldn't give her 2000 to pay her rent. He said a girl asked me to pay her rent. I'd probably never talk to her again after that. Well, listen, I mean the girl is smart, right? If you buy a $15,000 bag, You know what she can do with that bag, right? No, tell me. Said don't buy me no bag. Tell me he gimme the money. It don't make no sense. He already said he ain't paying no rent. So if he, if he buy you that bag, ain't no point in walking around with a 15,000, 15,000 bag And you got no money in it Selling it.


Yeah. Now bingo. That's, that's, that was my whole point. That's what I was getting ready to say. But see, Ocho, that's why I like to ask people what they want. Oh shit, I really like the bag, but okay, can you, boom. Yeah. Okay. You know, piggie you not getting both. You ain't getting both. You gotta pick and choose. Huh? Pick one. Pick what, what? What? I don't care. One or the other. One or the other. Right. Whatever it is. That's why I like to ask people what they want. 'cause I want give you what I want you to have what you want. Exactly What you want. Yes.


And I don at the end of the day, Ocho luck. I've never, like we, we, like I've been in relationships And I give somebody something. I've never asked for it back. Didn't ask for it back, man. What ain She go, I don't care. She went, sha what I'm gonna do, what I'm gonna do with the bag, get to my sister. Right, right, right, right, right, right. No, now I have was potentially going to give somebody a bag. Right. But it didn't, You know, I ended up keeping it. Still got it. Hey, you really? Hold on.


That's a, that that's a no. That is a great topic. If you do buy something for somebody, specifically for that individual and You know it's something that they like, if they mess up before receiving it, you are not gonna give it to 'em. Hell no. I be a damn food too. Damn. If you buy something, if you buy something for a young lady and she behaves in a manner that, that's undeserving of bag. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on. I don't reward bad behavior. We can Stop right there. Oh, you're not gonna get with a bag. Right. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I just, I'm just, I'm been just curious how your angle, You know, I was curious what you do. 'cause you, you're a given person And you, you seem like you, you a good dude.


You seem like the type of dude that will give a woman grace if she messes up. Yeah, but I'm not, she's not getting a bag. Okay. Understandable. Ocho. She said dg d DG later said I'm an emotional trick to the point like, say I wake up in the morning now I like you fuck around And we wake up on some eggs, they ain't even gotta be good. Or say I leave the room and go downstairs and come back in the bed maid, I might go ahead and go to Chanel for you. It is a little thing because You know, I don't get gifts, I don't get tricked off. Who is this talking like this DDG, You know he had the baby with, with Hailey Bailey Rock is Haley.


Oh, These, oh, these, these little kids man Is ha is it Haley or Halle? Which one is it? Chad. Y'all know You heard me? Huh? Any these little kids man, they just Halle. Okay. Halle. Halle Bailey. Yeah. They, they, they little kids man. They just, they doing what they, they doing what they do at that age. Hey, hell no. Make me know. You ain't get no designer bag after that. You gotta do more than that to get a designer bag up outta me. Okay.


Okay. Well what, what, what? What's, Hey ladies, you wanna design a bag? Ask what you got, what you, what you need to do. All You can't ask, you just gotta do it because if you doing it when you're doing what I ask you to do, no. Figure it out. Hold on. How they gonna, how they gonna know what to do if they don't ask you what it is you need them to do? Figure it out. You gotta ask for what you want. See Now you, there you go. Be you being difficult. You being d it out gonna be difficult. Huh? You that look the one thing, once you get to a certain age, let's just say a young lady, she, let's just say between the ages of 30 and 50, she know what a man like. Right. She know what she need to do to make him happy.


Yeah. Okay. Yeah. We know all minute. That's funny. I mean, make it the bed. They do. I mean, I got a cleaning service to go. I got a lady to clean my house three times a week. Now you gonna taking more than that, don't you? Hey man, I that It's, it. Lemme tell you what it is. It's a feeling I get when I'm with said individual. Ooh. Hey, I, I know, I know that. I know. I Get when I with that individual, Hey, I know that, I know that Feeling what I do, how much I do. I know, I know that feeling. Huh? I know that feeling. Yes, I know, I know that feeling.


Hey, can I tell you something? Yeah. It's a good feeling being with individual, especially when they appreciate you. You know, you don't know what I'm talking about. Huh? That's a good feeling man. It is Man. Yeah. So you, so what they gotta do for Ocho to buy a Chanel or a Birkin who, or YSL or an LV or maybe, maybe you gonna go get 'em a Pat Protect or you will get 'em old Marett. Man, listen, Laron, Constantine, I just, man, I ain't f Join And we family, right?


Yeah. I just went to Chanel and bought three and bought three classics back to back. Oh, Three classics back to back One, one walk. Damn. And this, this was 1, 2, 3. What day was this? It was about three weeks ago. Must be nice. Hey, it feels good to be appreciated. That's it. It ain't, it ain't hard. It ain't simple. I mean, for us it's all about choosing who chooses you. That that's what you gotta do.


And people are like, well you don't, you don't like this. No. I like who like me. They like me. It's easy for me to like them because a lot of times when I like somebody, they ain't really feeling me like that. So I'm gonna see early on you. If you like me, I'm gonna walk with you. It's so easy. I'm not, I'm not sure when we, when I hear, I hear women always say, I need, I need you to apply pressure. There should be no pressure. No, there should be no pressure. No pressure. That need to be applied. Everything should be reciprocated. Yes. It's, it's such, it's such a, it's such a dumb game. I gotta prove to you, in order for me to prove you that I like you, I gotta spend money to get you to like me back bitch.


Well, oh my bad. What are we talking about? I get yo, yo, you, hey, you preaching to the choir. You know how I feel. Listen, you bring, you listen. That same choir. Oh whoa. Time out. That thing just, You know how you dancing? Somebody hit the mute and hit the, the DJ table. When you was growing up, What happened? Did your kid say you bought three Chanel last week? I think That was about you. And I just thought about that. I was huddle. Wait, y'all heard this man?


Yes, man. Talking about, yeah. Hey, I went out there. Yeah, I went out there. I bought through the Fame about three weeks ago. Oh, wait a minute, daddy, daddy, this man owe me money. And hey, my money, he out there buying Chanels. Hey, You know what's, You know what's funny? You know what's funny? I forgot all about that money I owe you. You heard? I, I could tell you did. That nigga is very apparent. You forgot about it. Yeah. I, I forgot about it. But listen, this is what we gonna do. What we gonna do, This is what we gonna do.


Now I know everybody in the chat. They been here for a very long time. Ever since I lost that bet. I don't even remember why I owe you 5,200. You don't. When I listen to me, when I offered to pay you And I said, can you please find a method of payment and download the app on your phone? I said, PayPal. I said, Zelle, Venmo, apple Pay a cash app. You chose not to do any of the above, and Now you still complaining about not getting your money. When I offered many times, Okay, You know what? I know I can get it. What if I, what if I take picture one? It outta the Nightcap check.


I mean, hey, You know, Hey. Yeah, the thing, that thing coming. Good ho, yo, hey, Hey, listen, hey, hey, hey. One thing about it, I might accidentally send one to somebody send, You know, your, check your April check to somebody else Who that Saying, Hey, it don't, Hey man, listen, it, it'll be World War.


Nah, I don't play, man. You know I don't play around with your buddy like that, man. Nah. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get it to you though. I'm gonna get it. Chad. Yo, I I'm gonna pay you. Y'all that man, Chad, that man slipped that by me. That man said, Hey, oh, hey. Oh, I outside three of the things I like. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm like, hold on. What? Matter of fact, hold on. I ain't use your money. I use, I use my, I use, I used some other money that ain't had nothing to do with that wasn't, no, that wasn't no Nightcap funding. Well, how about you? How about you use some of your money to give me my money, right Where it come from? I told you, I told you, as long as I owe you, you'll never, you'll never be in, you'll never be in, in, in, in no issues, Man.


I can't get my money to save my life. I got you. I got you. I'm, I got you. Matter of fact, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be in LA tomorrow. My flight, my flight tomorrow in the morning.


The Volume. You, Hey, all you women's soups, fans, and folks who just don't know yet that they're women's soups fans. We've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire, and everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa. Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up? I'm Laura, host of the podcast court side with Laura Corti, a masterclass case study of the business of women's sports. I'll be chatting with leaders like Tennis Icon, Alana Klaus. I don't do what I do only for women. I do it for everyone, And I want the whole market. And innovators like Jenny Wynn, I would say 50% of the people that come visit the sports bra aren't sports fans. They come to be in community. They come to be part of this culture. Courtside with Laura Corti is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Corti on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


What's up y'all? I'm AJ Andrews, pro softball player, sports analyst, and the first woman to win a Rawlings gold glove. On my new podcast dropping Diamonds, we dive headfirst into The world of softball by sharing powerful stories, insights, and conversations that inspire and empower. It's time to drop bombs and diamonds, Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews. It's an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with Athletes Unlimited Softball League, and deep blue sports and Entertainment. Listen to Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Brought to you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.