
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it, in therapy, by talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist At Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus, Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts, The Volume.


Come on ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us after the New York Knicks at advance to the Eastern Conference Finals one 19 to 81 over the Boston Celtics. So much for the Celtics or Baylor without Jason Tatum. I think they could've used Jason Tatum tonight, but we'll talk about that a little later. But the New York Knicks are going to the Eastern Conference finals for the first time since 1999. Jason Neil, Neil, me, was three years old since 1999. They advanced to the Eastern Conference finals and by the score of one 19 to 81. Thank you guys for joining us. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host.


Liberty City is on Bingo ring of Fame artery, pro bowler all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson and our basketball contributor extraordinaire, Arkansas, little Rock Native University of Arkansas alum. That's ISO Joe. That's Joe Johnson. Joe, thank you for joining us. Again, please make sure you hit the subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for joining us. As always, thank you guys for your support and your continued support because thanks to you, you allow us to do what we do. So thank you very, very much. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We do have it in stock now.


If you cannot find it, any city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platform, Shey, Shea Media, and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. That link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last tickets for our not Safe for Work tour, our own sale, eight stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, LA, Miami, NYC, Chicago, and Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. That's shehe media.com/tour. Go get your tickets now. Nicks beat the Celtics advanced to the Eastern Conference final.


The New York DS had the third longest conference, final drop, 24 years in the NBA that ended tonight. Jalen Brussels was three years old. The last time the Knicks made the Eastern Conference final, it was 2000. Okay, it's 2000, excuse me, 2000. But they do it thanks to a, a balance scoring effort. Miles, bridges 22 points, OG and and Noby 23 points Cat 21 points and 12 rebounds. Jalen Bronson, 23 points, and Josh Hart had a triple double 10 points. 11 rebounds. 11 assists as they roll decisively by what? 30? What is that? 38 by 38 points over the the Brooklyn.


The Brooklyn over the Boston Celtics PLA without Jason Tatum. There've been a lot of discussion over the last couple of days. Oh, this team plays better without Jason Tatum. You mean to tell me a team is better without a four time all NBA selection, a perennial all star. You trying to tell me your team is better without one of the better players in the NBA? I never believed that for a second. Don't listen one game, anything can happen. We know, but you and everybody know that they were not beating the Knicks were the Knicks weren't gonna lose three games without the team's best player, but they roll by 38 and they're going to the Eastern Conference finals to make to face the team. Yeah. That they faced in the Eastern Conference semifinals last year.


That is the Indiana Pacer Joe, you watch this game. You, I mean, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on, hold on. Do hold on. You wanna turn out? Okay, wait a minute. Time out. Because you did say ocho. Yeah, Ocho said, are you guys sure? Yes. Nick, don't have a chance before the, I I say, You know, I think the Celtics five, maybe six, right? I think the Celtics gonna get it. You're like, nah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna ride with the Knicks. I say I'm riding with the Knicks now. Listen, I am a he fan. Alright. You in the grand you the Grand Marshall Takeoff. I'm The Grand Marshall. Now, before we go on now, I wanna make sure now, yeah, I don't know if we remember or Ash, I, I might need you to go back and check the tape because I remember, if I'm not mistaken, both of you picked the se as the win. I think Unc, you said in five Joe, you might have said six.


And on top of that, then I said, okay, let's make it light of yourself. Let's make a little side back. Both of you chose to say a certain dollar amount That I I ain't bet nothing. I said, I ain't betting the man that already owed me money. Okay. That's what you said? Yeah, that's, that's what I said. Well, Joe, Joe, you owe me 500, Joe. We ain't betting no 500 man. I Promise you you said 500. We bet a light hundred. Okay. Hold. Hey, You Know he con he trying to get over everybody. I'm just trying to, I'm just trying to charge a little interest. Yeah, we, we, we had a, we had a nice little friendly bet. You won the Be Mary. Yeah. You okay? So you need my cash out. What, what you need? Because I, I don't think we, We'll talk about it later.


We ain't got time right now. We ain't got time. Oh, what we got going paper? Yeah, but the, the Knicks got four guys with 20 points or more. You got a triple double from Josh Hart, who was that? Miles McBride came up the bench, gave the 10 Sally quick points and they rolled. They were 19 to 21 from the free throw line. 16 to 46 from the three. They shot 46% from the floor. They did a great job of, they turned the ball over a little, but it didn't matter. You know, you, you could tell early on in the game how this game was going to end. Yeah. It was not going to end favorably for the Boston Celtics. They really had only one guy that could, that could get anything going. 'cause early on, only Jalen Brus, I mean, excuse me, Jalen Brown was doing anything.


Everybody else was just clanking and clanking and clanking and You know, like, I wonder how many points the Knicks is gonna actually win by because this is not, this is not gonna be a close game and it's not gonna be pretty. Joe, what do you think, what do you look, other than being outgunned? Why did you think it got so, so outta hand so quick for the Boston Celtics? I think the Knicks really understood the moment they didn't want to go back to Boston and they just came out with that fight and that desire, that intensity to win and get this series over with. I thought Jaylen Brown came to play. He gave him a great little boost. But man, unc, when you get UNC and Ocho when you get down like that in the playoffs. Yeah. And you got the five power to fight back.


Oh man, this, this game was over, well before it even really got started. To be honest with you, Derek White was a minus 45 and plus minus. Ooh. Jalen Brown was minus 30 holiday minus 34. Luke Cornett was minus 16. Al Horford was minus 33. I don't know if I've ever seen somebody minus 45. That's, I mean, just like Shaa was plus 51. I don't know if I've ever seen somebody minus 45 and plus minus Joe. But you're right. I mean the Knicks got it going. They pounded him on the glass plus 19 on the glass. Yeah. Plus, plus six offensive rebound. Yeah. Everything, everything, everything was in the next favor.


And the scoreboard would, would indicate that it was a close ball game in the first quarter, 26 20. You're like, okay, Boston, you, you, you hung around little bit. But the next thing You know, it's a 38 to 17. So now you're down 27, you're down 35 at the end of the, You know, 35 at the end of the, so yeah. Ugh. Yeah. This, this, this, this, this is a tough one because the Knicks got six guys and double figures. So by committee they beat you. They two top guns, Kat and, and Brunson, You know, they did they thing as far as, You know, playing, being efficient, making plays, just playing hard. And then these other guys, like the OGs OG gave 23 tonight. I mean this, this, this is closed out basketball, man.


They did, they did not wanna go back to Boston. And man New York is in a frenzy right now, man. Because all can ocho. I know. They going crazy out. Yo boy. Hey, hey, hey, hey. They got a chance to make it to the finals man. And this is, this is great for basketball. Yeah. Yeah. I got an excellent chance. This, these teams are familiar with each other. It's two different styles. One want to grind you out, the other want to get up and down. Sometimes the, the Knicks will go with their two bigs, Mitchell Robinson and Kat. You know, the, the only big that really that the Pacers have is Miles Turner. Yeah. They don't really play tb Thomas Bryant and, and, and Miles Turner together.


Yeah. So it's gonna be very interesting to see. So, because if you put Miles Turner on Mitchell Robinson, that means Pascal aka has to deal with Kat. Yeah. Kat has the advantage. And then when Kat gets his butt down on the block, when Kat is not selling for threes, Kat's Unguardable, there's nobody that's currently into playoffs that can deal with Kat. Nah, nobody, nah, not, not if he, when he decides it's like I'm going to the block. Yeah. I think, Hey, okay. I Think you gonna have to play Kat at the five a lot this this series against Indiana. Because you going have to, you gonna have to deal with aka he going to, he's a very important piece in this series. Who could, who could ultimately win you a series. I don't like the fact that Kat will have to guard him.


So I Think you gonna, well Kat probably have to guard my he'll probably guard Miles Turner, but Miles Turner just step out to the three miles will stretch five. I'm saying if Kat is in there with, with big fella, if he, hell yeah. With Mitchell Robinson. Yes. Yes. But man, this is this, these two teams kind of mirror each other to me. They, they both blue collar teams. Yep. Gonna beat you by committee. You don't, you don't really know who going be Ally for the Knicks Brunson that's been, You know, close pretty much the whole playoffs the whole season. But this is gonna be a good series, man, two gritty teams who ain't gonna play a lot of pretty basketball. It's gonna be some ugly games. Ugly. Yeah. And you got, You know, you got guys that can defend, you got Nihar that can defend Knee Smith that can defend you got who can defend.


So you got some guy aka that can defend the same thing. You got Miles, bridges, you got got og, you got Josh Hart, you got guys on the Knicks that can defend at an elite level. So I I I agree with you. It's gonna be who takes care of the basketball the best, right? Yeah. Because if you turn the basketball over against the Pacers, they're out. Hey, they laying it up before you, you look around at official, like that was a foul. They're laying the ball up at the other end. Yeah. So these are two teams that we saw them last year. They went seven games. Indiana went to MSG one game seven on, on, on the next floor. But this is a different Knicks team. This is not, they, they traded out. Julius Randall brought in Ka and it seems to be working really, really well.


I mean, You know, cat them, they're, excuse me, Julius Randall them, they're in the Western Conference final. They're waiting the winner of the Nuggets and the OKC Thunder. But I thought the Knicks, the Knicks, I don't know if the Knicks can play any better. I mean, you got four guys with 20 plus points. Yeah. And look at the Plus. And you got Josh Hart gave you a triple double and, and, and, and Miles McBride who's been playing very well in the limited role that he's been playing, making big shots, playing some really good defense. It's gonna be a great series. But see, would I be surprised if he went six or seven? Nope. I would not. Okay. Well, I, I got, I got the, I got the the most important question for both of you again, before a series starts. Now when it comes to boxing styles, win fights.


Yeah. A certain person's style, you understand who probably has a better chance of winning based on the outcome. So again, you got the next hard hat, blue collar team, they gonna get it the hard way. And you got the goddamn four by one Pacers that like to run up and down the court. Now who we got winning the series. Now you say it Mike, you said Mike, you could see it going six or seven or five and six, whatever you said yo, what you think what the series going to, Man, listen, I've doubted the Knicks, bro. This whole playoff ain. Oh, Now, now we waking up. Okay. Can I, can I, can I talk? Can I talk? I've been down the Knicks. I, I had Detroit, You know, giving them problems and I they did, gave 'em more problems than the Celtics.


They gave them problems. But I think they learned through those series, through that series, they, they learned a lot about themselves as far as being resilient. You know, they lost their first game at home and I, I just thought it was gonna be an uphill climb. But they pretty much handled that series and I think it, it prepared 'em for, You know, this series right here against Boston. Man. They, they were, they were gritty, they were hungry, obviously. They were the, the healthier team. And I just thought, You know, they had guys made plays at the right time and I think it's their time, bro. So I, I'm I'm saying that to say this, I don't really wanna bet against the niche no more, man. Ah. But, but, but Ocho the Pacers got six dudes averaging double figures in the playoff.


Yeah, You right. They got six, maybe even May, maybe seven dudes averaging double figures in the playoffs. These two teams man are so scary and you don't really, you don't know what you going, what you gonna get out of them. I think, like I said, the same style as far as fight. Yep. I agree. I'm keeping the head, I'm giving the edge to the Knicks. 'cause they, they, they got home court advantage. Oh, now you wanna, oh, They got home court advantage, man. Chill. What you want from me? I I I was trying to, I was trying to double nothing That bet. To see if you want, You know, run it back, but, okay. Okay. I, we make, We might get, we might can put a little something on the on, on this Game seven coming up and the next series in, in the Western conference. So hold your horses. Hey. What, what's game seven K, c and the Nuggets.


Yeah. Yeah. Well Megan, who, who you got? I know, I know. You look like you got Di so I'm gonna go ahead and take KC. Listen, I, I'm like, I like the Young Bulls. I young bulls. I was like, Hey listen, I like SGA to show up and show out and close the game out the way it should be closed out. Hey, well sound like we thinking of like then. Yeah, well Sound like somebody scared to bet, but, okay, go ahead though. So when, when do the, the Eastern Conference finals kick off? Monday or Tuesday? I think. Tuesday. Tuesday. Okay. So get a little rest. Pacers are well rested. They've been off for the last, so they're gonna be off damn near a week by the time, by the time they play.


So they'll be well rested. I like, I, You know, I would, I be surprised. I think it's going six to seven games. I that nobody's winning. Nobody's sweeping, nobody's winning in five. I like six or seven. Right. And they are, You know, looking at 'em Joe, you, when you look at how they play and look at how they, You know, the starters and You know, I think the Knicks probably have like three or four guys in double figures. Man. It's just hard to pick Brunson. 'cause that game is, if the game is in, in the clutch moment, You know, trust any, I don't, I'm not so sure I trust anybody more in the postseason than I trust Jalen Brunson in a clutch moment. Yeah, I agree. He's been special, especially down in Stretch or when he's being counted out.


He's, he's come through time and time again in this postseason. And that's why I, I give the, I mean I give the Nicks the Edge. Obviously they got home court advantage and I think Brunson is gonna be a difference maker, You know, in this series. Yeah. He's doing that. But they're moving on. Nicks are going to the Eastern Conference finals. Yeah. 1 19 81 victory over the Boston Celtics minus Jason Tatum. I'm not so sure had they had Jason Tatum that it'd have been any different but they didn't have him. The Knicks made sure left. No doubt. We're not going back to Boston. We're done. We're about to take two, three days off and get ready for the Eastern Conference finals. 'cause this is our chance to get to the NBA final.


Something that we haven't done since 2000. Yeah. Sean's had a very important update today on Aren Gordon's hamstring Denver Nuggets. Forward Aren Gordon has been diagnosed with a left hamstring strain three one. And his status is in doubt for game seven against the Oklahoma City. Thunder sources tell ESPN major development heading into Sundays 3:30 PM Eastern game, A, B, C for the Western Conference finals birth. We saw that. I saw him grab it last night. He started rubbing it. I saw the way he was walking and Ocho we just talked about it last night with Sean Marion. I'm like, I don't like that. Yeah. I don't, I didn't like the way he grabbed it. I said, and this instance it decided, I don't know if it'll be close.


No. If, if he can't go and it doesn't look like he's going to go no, He's not gonna be able to go unc his, I mean, what happened to him is really no different than what happened to Steph Curry. You know, once you feel, once you feel the feel that pull, once you feel that preach Right, it's a lap at that point. That's, that's grade one. That's grade one. So you're gonna miss what, maybe at least three games, maybe four if that Yeah. If Step wasn't able to come back then Aren Gordon's not gonna be able to come back either. Oh yeah. He wasn't de Steph wasn't able to come back in like four games. So Wil makes you think he's gonna be able to come back in 48 hours. He's not, he's not gonna be able to. Huh. He's not gonna be able to. 'cause as soon as you try to come out there and make any kinda, any kind of, any kind of herky jerky movement, it gonna grab again once it grab again like a second time you're done for Furious.


Yeah. That's a wrap. And it's like, yeah, this ab absolutely impacts him because he's a guy he could defend. He could rebound, he could score. Now the last game, he didn't have that big, I mean he didn't score that much, but we know with Aren Gordon, he hit the big shot. He had two game winning shots. He hit the game win, had the game-winning dunker against the Clippers, and he had the game winning three in game one against Okay. Against KC in the first game. Yeah. So we know what he represents. He's a guy that can defend multiple positions. You see him guard shape, you'll see him guard Jayla Williams, he'll slide the chant. He can guard a multiple positions and he can go get you 20 and double digit rebounds.


I don't know where they can get that kind of scoring where they kinda, where they can get that kind of versatility. No, look, I know Stratford had a great game. Russ has been the energize the bunny off the bench for him. But you gotta ride a a Russ rollercoaster. I just don't know Joe, where they get that kind of versatility where you get that scoring that rebounding from if Aren Gordon can't play and it doesn't look like he's going to play. Nah, I think and and outside of Yoic, I think Gordon has been pretty much the most consistent. Yeah. You know, I know it's been Murray, but for the most part, Gordon has won 'em games. He won 'em games. Yeah. Last. So he, he's been a huge piece of, of, of their success, You know, in this postseason. So without him, I ocho I, I I mean you gonna have to lean on some of them young guys you got over there and hopefully they can come through and have a big game.


But Michael Porter Jr. Needs to have the game of his life. He needs to be, you saying have the game of his life. But how's he having single digit? I don't, I don't understand that Is the injury is, I mean, unc if the injury that, that Michael Porter Jr has, if it's that bad tore, he's inefficient and he can't shoot and he is not really contributing offensively or defensively. I'm not sure why they just don't start. Russ, I I don't understand. I I I, well you said, you and Joe said y'all want those points off the bench. Yeah. You need that energy, that spark plug. Because You know one thing Russ gonna do, he gonna give you energy and effort, right? Yeah. That's, that's hard to get from a lot of guys nowadays. So you need that spark off the bench if y'all do come out flat or somebody who can come in and sustain.


If y'all do get off to a great start, but man, that's, yeah. You gonna need somebody to have an out of body experience if Gordon, they gonna be able to go. But if he got that grade one, he might as well hang it up. You can put, you can put as much tape on that hamstring as you want to. Boy, yeah. Once you go to move around, it's a wrap. It's no, it's gonna, it's gonna pull it. Yeah. I, I, I agree. Like, look, yolk played unbelievable last night. He had 29, 14 and eight. You might need to have 39, 17 and 12. And Jamal Murray probably need to go be a, have an efficient 26 to 32. Yeah. And Michael Porter jr's gonna need to give you 20 plus points for them to have a chance. 'cause it could be a spare similar situation to what we saw tonight.


The crowd got into the building and what was of six point. All of a sudden you go into the half, you're down by 21, you're down by 27 points. Yeah. And look, and the playoffs, when you get down by that many, it's, it's hard to come down. The Knicks have done it on occasions.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace. The leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy, by talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's Sspa CE eight zero to match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is audience. Is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Seen them get down and they got Firepower. They, they got guys Brunson, he leads the NBA in clutch points. Four Pros. Yes. Four Points. So he can go get you 20, 25 and a quarter. They've been fortunate in that sense. And that's why down the stretch, man, they, they've been more successful than, than not. So now I think we gonna see the Knicks in the finals, bro. Yeah, it looks like it could. That's I mean I, I I I think ESPN would like that. Oh my God. Because I don't know, I don't know. You gotta have the Knicks because they're the only one that have the national following. Yeah. Everybody else is regional people in for the Pacers.


People in KC go to Root for OKC. People in Denver go root for Denver people in Minnesota. But the Knicks Yeah. Is a household brand. Yeah. And so, and plus you got that. You got, think about the markets. You got Minnesota, you got Oklahoma, you got Denver, and then you got New York. Oh, Think you all want to jump the gun on this, but let's say, let's say the Knick dude make it to the finals. Who would y'all wanna see him play against? I know, I know. We still got some basketball to play a man. There we go. Hey, can you imagine? I wanna see, because I wanna see, I wanna see Kat and Julius, they got swap each other.


Yeah. Because somebody gonna say, see y'all, y'all made a mistake. This could have been y'all. If they make it, if they both make it to the finals, we still gonna say that. Of course. Because who win? Okay, okay. Okay. Hey, I won. No, no. See if you'd had me, the roles would've been reversed. If you'd had me, you'd have kept me. Hey, hey Ojo. Yeah. Shit happened. Minnesota and the Knicks, boy, you got yourself a be partner. Believe that. Who you got, who you got? You got who? You got Wolf. Well, Minnesota. Yeah. Them wolves, young wolves. Hey, hey, ain't Joe. Huh? Imagine New York if they hoist that goddamn damn championship trophy.


Oh man, come on. Imagine the city of New York if they had to win the goddamn championship. I mean that's like, like when, when a Boston or the Lakers, because you're talking about Cornerstone FraNChiS. You talking about like from the be beginning? It's be, it's gonna be bigger than that, huh? Oh yeah, for sure. Because it's been so long, long, so long. Yep. Just because of the duration. I mean, you gotta go back to what, 73? Yeah. What? Yeah, that's the last time they won a championship in the Knicks. Yeah, Man. Yeah. Hey, them boys ain't gonna be no wrong in New York if that happened. Ooh, Every Hey listen, everything free Man. Everything free. Look here. If Jalen Brunson brings a championship to the Knicks, he's goaded.


Yeah, He is. He's looked at like Jeter, he's looked at like stray hand. He's looked at like Lt, he's looked at like those great Yankees. Yeah. That's how he'll be looked at. No question. Think about how they, they revered that, those 70 teams, Clyde Frazier, Earl the Pearl. Yeah. And, and, and, and Will rest. So Willis Reed, look how they revere those bro. Half a lot of people don't even remember. Only Spike Leet remember them winning championship back then. Everybody else who probably wasn't even born or like two months old. Right, right, right. For him to do that, especially at his size. Yeah. That's gonna be big And his size Ocho six foot and he brings a championship.


It's easy. It's something about the, it's something about the little guy. It's something about the Iversson that we could wrap up. Man. Iverson, look guy, I saw out man, man, AI ain't much bigger than me. Yeah. And You know, the funny thing about it is, is AI was short. He was small as stature. Jalen Brunson is short and small as stature, but unc they play like they, they play Big ever. They play like they 6, 6, 6 7. Yep. Oh man, man, you couldn't let it man. They AI had to been 6, 6, 6, 7. What? Hey, hey, hey. That's, hey. That's why he don't give us, that's why he don't give us everything. He just give, he can't, he can't give us everything. I mean thinking Brunson let bro, what, what did Brunson was six six, right?


He can't, he ain't gonna give us everything he gonna give you, he gonna give you enough to work with though Ocho. Yeah. You know I'm saying I'm gonna give you some tools now. Yeah, yeah. I'm give you some tools now you gotta find out which tool worked right. You, you trying to cheat. Now Ocho you want me by six four? What if Ocho was six four? Ocho ain't gonna give you everything Ocho. I'm Six. I'm already six three now. Don't worry about it, Joe. Yeah. That that man, I, I hate, You know what? I hate this. This is a game seven and one of the team's key players isn't gonna be there. Yeah. It was already an up, it's already an uphill climb.


So now you tell me I gotta climb the mountain and I ain't got no shoes. And I mean, I, I understand if you don't gimme no mountain boots, but damn, at least let me have some, some Gore-Tex, some sneakers, some Nike Trail shoes or something. Hey, hey, it is destined. It is destined for some teams to make it. Uncle he got it is he has the level, the playing field sometime. You know what I mean? So this is, this is why I, I feel like the, the road to for success for the Timberwolves is high man. Because, You know, I think they, they've been resting and I think they understand the moment as well. Yeah. And I think, I just think it'll be so cool for basketball, man. If we could get the timber wars versus the Knicks in the finals.


Oh my God. That'd be, yeah, Yeah, yeah. It's gonna be different though. It's gonna be, yeah. I mean the Knicks, you, you need the Knicks, you need it. I mean, you can't have OKC in Indiana. I mean you could, but boy, boy, That that's, that's, that's, that's ugly. That's ugly. There. We gotta put some respect on Indiana name though. We gotta put some respect in name. Hey. Oh, oh, the, the team is legit. Yeah. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. You, you can't say nothing bad about that team. Wow. Because they get up and down the court. They can def they can defend when they want to defend, but they're more interested in getting the ball out than that or taking it out or taking it off the rim and getting up and down the court.


And sometimes they get a little careless, but no, no, no, no, no. They got guys that can defend. Yeah. M hard. Matt Burn Ne Smith. They got guys that can defend. Oh, absolutely. Oh, they got guys that come off the bench. Matt Burn and McConnell comes out the bench. Yeah. Giving you quality, quality minutes. Yeah. Occasionally TV will come out the bench and give you 10 solid minutes. He'll get you a couple of points, a couple of rebounds. But it's, it's that five with McConnell and Matt Burn. It's that, it's that seven. Now do we know they're committee, they're gonna look to have five, six guys in double figures. Every, somebody might have 21, 22 and they gonna have a bunch of teams. 19, 18, 16, 15. That's how they play. Yeah. That's how they play.


But everything is really predicated on how aggressive is Halliburton. Yep. When he's aggressive, there are different teams. Sometimes he becomes too passive. He doesn't look to get his shot, he doesn't look to get all the way down the hill. He's looking to, You know, start and then and distribute. Nah, you gotta stay aggressive. When he stays aggressive. They a different team. See how they were, they were behind against Cleveland. Yeah. And then all of a sudden he got aggressive. He started shooting the ball. Yeah. Nah, iol. Yeah. I think Hallberg is the key. And the, the other guys around him, the CCAs, the Turners, You know, those, those guys can explode at any given night. I think Hallen Bird definitely has to come out and be aggressive against Bronson. Man.


This is, this is gonna be much watch TV guys, You know, these dudes, they've competed, they've been doubted the whole year. We already know what Hallberg has been going through as far as being the most what overrated player in the Yeah. Yeah. So he's playing for something and he's been Yeah. Showing up and I'm, I'm expecting this, this series to, to go no different. You know, a a a drag out fight. Two teams just being relentless amongst each other. And man, I just think it, it is gonna come down to home court advantage. Uncle Ocho. Yeah. I think they'll probably start, bridges will start on Miles Turn will start on, on Halliburton. You think so?


Og OG will start, o OG will start on aka. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yep. That's gonna be nice. When that, when that series, when that series start again. Tuesday. Tuesday, Tuesday. Yeah. Yeah. I I think that's, I think that's how they started. Yeah. I then I think Evan Turner. Evan Turner. Then I think Josh Hart will probably take, he'll take either Nim Hard or or Ne Smith. Right. Right. Man, there's some good match jokes, bro. Yeah. Oh sure. For sure. You know, sure. May not be the prettiest basketball, but you talking about some dudes competing at the highest level. Yeah. And, and trying to, and then Brunson Brunson will take Nihart or Ne Smith Og OG I OG is going to take, is gonna take aka obviously Kat Miles, Turner, I believe they start, I believe Mikhail Bridges because he's long and, and will take, will take Halliburton, right?


Yeah. And then you could, you can match Hart and Brunson. Okay. Need Smith Nim Hart go from there. But I don't, I don't think they put, I don't think they start Brunson. I don't think they start Brunson on Halliburton. What you thinking Joe? No. Nah, they're not, they probably, they probably gonna start him on, on Mhar or, or or be Denise Smith. Denise Smith. Yeah, you're right. Yeah. Because what you don't want is for Halliburton to get comfortable. So don't have to keep, keep somebody long rangey on them. Pesky somebody challenge them shots. He that can pick him up, that can pick him up 94 feet. Yeah. Yeah. This gonna be a fun one man. It's gonna be a fun one.


I know. You know, we, we, we talk about the Knicks making it to the finals, but time and time again, the Pacers have put themselves in position to be successful. So they been, they been pulling out wins and I ain't think they could get, so I, it is hard for me to go against the grain with these dudes, man. They've been, they just like New York, they've been gritty the whole season. Yeah. And it's not gonna stop now. Like it's just gonna continue. So I'm looking forward to a good one. New York is moving to the Eastern Conference finals one 19, the 81 over the Boston Celtics. They will face the Indiana Pacers who dispatch the number one seed in the Eastern conference in five games. The C Cleveland Cavaliers, Jimmy Butler says it's really refreshing to beat Steph Curry's sidekick on the Warriors to come here and no, I'm second to Steph is a really good thing to be his sidekick.


It's really refreshing. I don't know if I've ever heard somebody that's used to being the number one all of a sudden happy with being number two. Shit, I was happy. 'cause the expectations doesn't change because you do realize, Jimmy, they got you there because you're supposed to be the piece to get them over the hump. Right? Right. He, Hey, he's played this role before, though. He's played with D Rose. He know what it's like to be Robin. He knows what it's like to be, You know, a a, a sidekick to some degree. And I, he, he kinda like that when he was in Philly with, with Indeed. Yeah. Yeah. But but again, it all started in Chicago. You know Jimmy? Yep. Jimmy had a different route in the, in coming to the NBA, You know, he sat on the bishop him first few years. Yep. So when he first route draft pick.


Yeah. So when he finally got his chance, bro, he, he, he embraced it. He took advantage of the moment and he never looked back. So he, he understands his role playing with Steph and he, he knows what's gonna make them successful Uncle Ocho. So I think that's why he's trying to star in this robbing role as much as he can. Especially if it's gonna help them be successful. Well, he didn't start, but he didn't do very well. This, he may maybe, maybe he'd get off to a better start next year. Yeah. Because against the timber wolves, he had that one game and that was it. That was it, Joe. I know we, because that's 'cause a no Joe, we, we trying to, we want j to score 40 and 50 points. But The game, he was out. He was out the in, he was, he was, he was without Steph Curry.


So, You know, it was, it was tough. The the onus was on him throughout the whole game. I know he got paid big money but he wasn't gonna be able to beat them. Timber ws by himself, man. Yeah. Nah, we just wanted to give his game that way. Maybe we get step back for game six. That's all we wanted. Hey look, if I'm being honest, he looked like he'd been hobbled ever since he took that tough spiel against Houston. He don't look like he'd been Right. The way he move out there, the way he ball it all looks a little unorthodox to me. It don't, he he didn't look like he was moving. Well. Yeah. Dang. What you think it though, Joe? I mean, I, listen, I, I could, I can understand what Jim was coming from about being, being the robin, You know, to, to Steph Curry being Batman.


'cause I, I took that same approach. Remember? Hell, I stood on the table with Mike Brown and, and Marvin Lewis and that, that 2010 season. I'm like, man, listen, during the off season, hey, hey coach. Hey Mike, we need to go get to, we need to go get t now. You, you can understand what I've done for Cincinnati during that time, during that tenure, You know, and going into year 10, I'm like, we need someone like this to get us over the hump. We talking about one of the greatest of players of all time. And Mike and I told Mike Brown and Marv, I said, I have no problem taking my back seat to who I know with my own two eyes is better than me in every statistical category. Bring him in here. Let's see if we can get him to help us out. I have no problem being, being Robin. So I I can understand where Jimmy's coming from and in a sense and, and taking that backseat where the onus is really not on you.


They have to do all the work. Obviously football's a little different 'cause it's 11 man game. But IIII get it. I get it. Yeah. Look, Steph makes it easy for everybody because the floor is more spaced. There's more tension eyes on him and there's less eyes on the other four individuals. And so God, he makes it easy for a lot of other people. That's what happens when you play with a great player. Especially the greater the player, the historically great players, the greater the player, the more attention they, they draw less attention you get. And so now that's why you hear all about say, man, it's so easy playing with great players. Yeah. Because they make your job easier. Yeah. Yeah.


Because now you're not the focal point. They are. Right, right. Jeff is always gonna probably get the best defender and guess what? Y'all gonna try to blis him. Y'all gonna try to trap him, try to get the ball out of his hands. He's gonna swing, he's gonna always do the right thing. Make the right play. Now you're scrambling. Try to get back playing, playing, playing four against three. 'cause he always gonna have two on the ball when he got it. Or you playing four against four. The, the, the court is so space and open and they missed that against the T words. You know, when Yep. Yeah. You know, you need, he he's a game changer man. Yeah. He, You know, he is a guy who can explode for 40, 50 points. You know, he was probably gonna have at least one or two of them in that series.


So without him it was hard for me to see the Warriors getting past him. And that's the thing, when you look at it, I don't know if it gets any easier 'cause as, as, as, as Steph gets older, right? Yeah. The West gets tougher. Yeah. There's a possibility Giannis comes to the west, there's a possibility, You know, the Lakers make a move, the Clippers can make a move. Whoa. Whoa. There's so much going. I mean that's why you have to really seize the moment. In the moment. Yeah. Oh, next year man. Hey we get another year with Jimmy under our belt. Right. Bro, that ain't no guarantee. No it's not. I agree. It ain't no guarantee Ocho man, the rock is messing around and made, make a trade and they get Gianni, they get another piece.


Boom, the Clippers, maybe they move something, the Lakers maybe they trade all Reeves and get a true big ain't no guarantees man. That's why you have to take advantage of it in that situation. Yeah. That's why I say Boston, You know, Bo Boston won the championship. Oh man, they gonna be loaded for years to look and just like that Angel Jason Tatum gone for a year. Jason Tatum not playing next year. Yeah, no, no, he's not playing next year. If I'm not mistaken. Kevin Ram missed two seasons. Damn. Yeah, it's, it's, it is definitely unfortunate man. That Achilles, he missed, he missed 18 months. He got hurt in June. Yeah. The season started in October. He didn't play then it came back.


He didn't start to play. They end up going to the bubble. He didn't play. Yeah. So this is not an in, You know, this is not an injury. You know, ACL you see guys come back in seven months, eight months Absolutely not. Ain't happen with no Achilles. Yeah. It, it takes time. Plus it takes a lot of time because guess what, you're not weightbearing for six to eight weeks. Yeah. Then you gotta build that calf all the way back up. Mm. And there's a really high rate of re repairs Yeah. Than Achilles. So you have to be extremely cautious. And I know J t's going to do everything he possibly can to come back. He's young enough to come back. Look at kd, KD looked just as good if not better after the Achilles injury than he did before.


KD didn't miss a beat. Hey, KD got that little thin frame though. Yeah. You know, that, that, that frame. He gotta make a huge difference, You know? Well, yeah, he, I mean I don't think jt, JT just got wide shoulder. JT ain't no size. I mean when you look at, when you look at them little cals, he gotta be, he gonna be all, he gonna be all Joe. He, he gonna be all, he gonna be all right. But like I said, take air on the side of caution. Yeah. You got a very problem. You got another, you got another 10 years ahead of you. JT Air on the side of caution. I know the, the, the athlete in you, the, the, the champion in you gonna want to get back. Damn. But a don't even, don't even chance it bro. Don't even chance it.


Steve Curry was asked about the Warrior's offensive system and said this is our solar system. Steph Curry is the son. Steph is one of the all time great players playing at the peak of his powers close to it. How many more years? Steph is what? 37? 36. 37. How many more, how many more of these years do you believe we have with Steph Joe? I think Steph, I think Steph could play into his forties now. Yeah. What, what, what type of basketball are we talking about? I think I i, I don't wanna see him as the focal point. Maybe go team up with some guys that can take some pressure off of him. But if, if he, if he's not the, the, the main guy to where you have to focus on Oh yeah.


I think he could play well into his for Uncle Ocho because he, I mean he'll shooter a shoot a shoot, right. Yeah. I think the problem going to be is having to guard these little dudes that's coming into the NBA or that's ready here, You know, as you age it get a little, it get tougher and tough Up with Public. And you heard Gigi Jackson say on the scholar report, oh, we got a pigeon. Pigeon, Yeah. Don't let it fly. Don't let it get away. I mean, I mean who would you, who would you get right? Where, where, where Steph doesn't have to touch the ball. I mean obviously Draymond sometimes, You know Yeah. Draymond is really the point. Boy Bring the point sometimes, but how long can Steph keep up with the running over and over and over and over and over?


The, the, the way he does? I mean, he should be able to, being that his game is not, it just, he doesn't bang as much, You know? Well, he not playing, he's not playing above the rim. Well he not Playing above the He doesn't, He doesn't, he, it doesn't require him putting his body on somebody playing with his back to the basket so you can bang on him or he's banging on you. That's not what he does. He, he might be able to play May past 40 then if that's the Case. Oh yeah. I can see, I can see him playing another four, four years. Four or five years. Yeah. I would not be surprised if he played into, its into his forties. Not just 40. He's 38. He'll be When will he be? He's 37. When will he be 38? Probably this year. Yeah.


Hey, hey, you think he'll finish off with in Oh, he just turned 37 in March. What Ocho And you think he'll go somewhere else or finish his career in Golden State? I think, I think, I think he gonna be a, I think he gonna be a Kobe. I think he gonna put in one One. Okay. You know if a Dirk, You know, Dirk put all 20 there, right? Kobe spent all 20 there. I don't know. I don't know. I Hey, it all depends. It all depends on how much, it's not like Golden State is not gonna try to surround him with talent because we know that they gone out and got Kevin Durant, Kevin Durant, we see them go out and get Jimmy Butler.


So Gruber and, and Lake him and they don't have a problem. They've been in the luxury tax, they've been in the repeater and so they'll do whatever it takes in order to win a championship. The question is, if, if and when Steph will ever feel that he doesn't have a legitimate chance of winning a championship in Golden State right then will he be willing to say, You know what, I need to move on. Or does he just walk away? Yeah, Well I, I At what point will, will Steph feel how Giannis feels in Milwaukee right now? But if he has, if he has owners that's willing to do what's necessary to continue to put the pieces around him to make sure you have a chance at contending each year, then I, he probably can finish, You know, his career there in Golden State.


They got some pieces. I mean think about it. They got Minga, they got Moody, they got some draft capital. Okay. I don't know if they have the same because they had to trade some of it to, to get Jimmy Butler. Right. But they maybe gave up a first round pick and and Wiggins to get Butler. But you still got Minga. You got Moody. Yeah, I think, I think, I think Steph will, I think he'll probably stick around. I think they gonna use some of those young guys they got and some good trade bait and go over there and try to bring in some more help to help that veteran group. Because you just signed Jimmy to a two Yeah. Two a a two year deal. Yep. It was, it was a nice healthy one. And You know, you, you got him, you got Jimmy Draymond, Steph.


Yeah. If you could add probably another, some form of veteran help to some degree, yeah. I think they could still make another run at it, but for the most part, I don't know man. I can see him playing somewhere else. How many more peak years you think he got? You Think you still play at the, he can play at the level that he's playing at into his forties? Or do we start to see a little, a little dis some of that dissipate? Oh man, It definitely wouldn't be the shot that dissipates. Well, well as you get older, where does the first thing that go is your legs. Your legs? Yeah. That's, that's really so how will he be able to continue to run at that pace?


Yeah, create the separation. Right. Because it's still gonna screen hell at you. Hey look, and he been doing all, he been doing a lot of running for these past few years, man. So it's gonna catch up with you at some point. Look that, that hamstring, hey it let him know, You know, all the time is undefeated, but I, I think he definitely still has, You know, at least, at least three to four more years left of good basketball in him. I just don't wanna see all the pressure on him, You know what I mean? Yeah. Like he, he needs some help. He, maybe he ain't the leading scorer on the team, but he probably can be, You know, obviously one of your most important pieces.


But You know, I guess only time will tell Joe, what do you have, Steph, rank all time? Top five, top 10 as far as guards or you just saying overall? Well that's tough. I probably for sure put him in the top 10. I can see that you got, you got him top five or top 10? No, I don't got him in the top five. I think I got him in the top 10, Bro. Jordan, Kareem, Kobe, magic wilt for me. Whoa. And then that's my top five 10.


Oh who Kobe did you say Dunking? Dunking. Whew. I might put Duncan at six, Kobe at seven. But either way, just before this we talking about top 10, right? Kobe Duncan definitely in the top 10 for me. Yeah. St I go Steph? Yeah, Steph Bird Shaq. Oh, okay. I can see that because Steph, he, he, he has changed the game.


Yeah. Yes. He's Iconic, You know. Yes. He, he, he got these young dudes shooting from half court, one step across half now it wasn't doing that. They wasn't doing that in when I came out, when I came outta school in 2000. You know, it's been, it is been a, thing's been a lot different. So I definitely give him that man. He, he changed the game, the way we play the game. Obviously playing with the Warriors, playing that, that small ball he has, You know, put his mark on the game for sure. Yeah. I mean, I mean theoretically you could put, I mean you could make a case that Duncan is a top five. Yeah, I know. I think, I think Kareem and Duncan are the most underappreciated players, great players because, and I think it's because they're big.


'cause You know, first of all, Kareem was surly. Right? And, and he did he he, he changed his name when it was very unpopular. Yeah. You have to realize what was going on in the sixties, in the seventies. Yeah. So he wasn't the most popular player. Tim Duncan didn't say anything. Can you remember anything? Can you remember anything in his 19 year career that he said said that you were like, man, y'all remember when Tim said this, you can't listen. Listen, I had the pleasure to play against two of those Spurs teams in oh three. We had Stefan Mar playing with the Phoenix sons. We had Stefan Marbury as the one he was playing. The Point guards me, Steph Penny, Sean Marion, and Amari Meyer was just a rookie.


Damn. Yeah. He was just a rookie loaded. What we went, we, we was a ac Uncle Ocho, we played against the Spurs who was a one seed and we won game one after that. It was a gentleman sweep, but Tim Duncan was so special, bro. Like he was special man. Nothing exciting about his game. He just got it done every night. You look at that sheet, 28 15, 32 17, but you like, he ain't gonna wow you. You know, he just gonna get the job done. Mr. Fun, Mr. Fundamental. Yep. That's it. That's shot your ass to death. Right? And and that's, and and that's why I think, You know, people kind of under underestimate, You know, his career and how it went.


Yeah. And Kareem, he was, what did Kareem do? He threw the sky hook. Yeah.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it, in therapy, by talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health the priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's S-P-A-C-E eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get A front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was so he had the most dominant shot. Nobody else has been able to prospect it, but it's boring. You know, nobody even tried to throw the sky hook unless they run, unless the shot clock run it down and they just try to heave it up. Hey, that's a tough shot man. You gotta put, you got to be in the gym working on that to be throwing that sky hook. Imagine you sky hook too. Y'all magic that the baby sky gets the Celtics. But, and and that's the thing I think, I think those are two of the most underrated. 'cause you look at Kareem, he has six MVPs, six led to league in scoring, led to league in rebounding, led the league in block shots. He's a 15 time all NBA selection, 11 time all defensive selection. A 19 time all star.


He was the all time leading scoring in NBA history. He's the third leading rebound in NBA history. People don't talk about Kareem, I think look at Duncan five championships could have easily had six if, if, if Ray Allen didn't hit the most unbelievable shot in a pressurized moment in NBA history, man, he's a, a defensive player. Didn't Tim to win the defensive player of the year? I know he's a three, he's a three time finals. MVP or a two time MVP. I don't know if he wasn't a defensive player of the year, but he's an all defensive player. He a bad boy man. 15 time all defensive player, 15 time, all NBA 15 time all star.


Yeah. And people look at him like he, like he said, a cheating. Right. All he all he did and nobody, I mean, has anybody ever won? I mean, hadn't he won like a thousand games? He won like a thousand games. Yeah, I don't think he, I don't think he ever won less than 50. Yeah. Pop Pop had that. Well, oil engine over there, boy Pop had it going for for years. Hey fuck. Hey, okay Ocho if y'all remember, You know back when they got dunking, I think Baby Robinson was still there. Yeah, but I think he had got hurt the year before something they had that they had that subpar season. Yeah. Yeah. But they were, they were a great team, but I think they had a major injury and that's, yeah, that's how they got the number one pick.


And it happened to be Tim Duncan and it just took him, it took him over the top. Yeah, Tim Duncans he, he won more games than anybody in NBA history. Right. He's won 1,001 games long thousand one. So if a guy played 20 years, he would need to win 50 games regular season. That's just regular season. Yeah. He would need to play 20 years and win 50 games every year to get to a thousand. Didn't get postseason as well. Oh no, he didn't, I didn't count his post-season wins. Oh, you didn't count it? I mean, he got five championships, three MVPs, three finals MVPs, two regular season MVPs. Yeah. A a lot of these records ain't gonna never be broken, man.


Nah, like this all them records LeBron setting e every time he a record. Yeah. That ain't nobody catching that. You don't, nobody, you don't think nobody catch LeBron, especially now that the game has changed. No, and it's more free flow. I I don't know if they're gonna be able to play long enough ocho. Yeah. And you could see, you gotta think the ocho you said if he stopped now, right. He's still playing. He still, he still adding that. Right. You right, you right it like Tom, when Tom broke the record, it's like, man, I don't know if anybody gonna break this record and then he plays another three years. Hey I can really, I can really see LeBron playing at least at bare minimum two more years.


Hey look, it ain't even just the longevity, it's just how impressive he's doing it. You know, he still scoring 24 and a half points a game at 40 Ocho like they, man listen, That's crazy. And I, I think, You know, Luca makes it a little bit more easy because now he doesn't have Yeah, because Dropped the ball. You don't have to have ball as much. Yeah, That's that's crazy. Wait, if they, if they get, if they get another special piece, them Lakers get, They need the big, the Lakers, the Lakers lead the big Boy, they gonna be nice because Them timber wars ain't going nowhere baby. Nah, nah. Okay. C's not going anywhere either. No, Houston's up and coming. They, they got the pieces to make a move to go get somebody in.


Impressive. Right. The Clippers, I don't know if they have the, I don't know if they have the, the, the, the draft capital. I mean really the only player that side, I mean you, you, you, you want to do everything you can to keep Harden in Kauai and the big zoo box. So I don't know if they have the pieces to go get somebody else to to, to aid them. Yeah. But a lot of these records, like they not, I mean LeBron theoretically, how many points he got like 42,000, 41,000. I mean, theoretically he can retire with 43,000 points. He got 42,000. So theoretically he could have 40, if he plays two more years, he'll have 44,000 man 44,000 points.


That's crazy man. God Never going to be, ain't nobody catching that bro. They not catching it. I mean, and what he's a, he could easily be first team all NBA, so that'll be a 14 time first team all NBA selection. He's gonna be, he is gonna make one of the teams one through three. So now he'll be a 21 time all NBA selection. He's a 21 time All star. What? Five times all NBA four times will be what, five or six times all NBA four or five First team all NBA election, four MVPs, four finals, MVPs, three all-Star game MVPs.


Hey. Yeah. Some of the, That's a funny thing. And Joe, when you think about everything LeBron has accomplished, the pressures that won him when he came outta high school, the consistency and everything he was able to overcome and being consistent year in and year out and all the accolades, his resume and his totality. And there's still people that have things negative to say about him when it comes to the game of basketball. Like there's, like they, they have at this point you just have to make up something or, or like he, he's done it all. What else can he do? Comes with it, man comes with territory. What The hell else can you do?


That's nothing. That's, that's that's crazy. Yeah. The 76ers are expected to listen to offers for the number three overall draft pick per the athletic. It's expected that the six ERs will listen to offers for the number three. But it's unclear whom the team would take if it stays Rutgers Bailey has been seen as the biggest upside swing and he feels a theoretical position of need for the Philly as a big wing. That means that possibly, I mean are you going move, we'll talking about that in a minute. But he also is viewed as the more of a project scouting executive than the Sixes front office that likely need to win next year to keep their jobs.


I've also gotten a wider sense of the appreciation of the front offices for the Edgecomb than Bailey are. The Sixers question is, are the Sixers a pick away or a trade away from being a contender? You got Joel and Bead, you got pg, you got Tyrese Maxey. Is Bailey the piece that puts them over the hump? Lemme tell you. Or do they need to swing that pick into a, a proven player? Man, I, I like Bailey. They they be crazy not to draft Bailey with their third pick. Lemme tell you, all these kids are projects. What do they mean? The Cooper flag is a project, right? Like they ain't no giving, none of these dudes gonna come into this league and and the first year you banking on them to play significant minutes and, and and turn you into a a household franchise.


No, it's, it's going to, it's gonna take time. Even if Okay, Dallas draft Cooper flag and they keep him with ad and that's gonna be a project as well, right? Like they all gonna be projects man, but they'll win. I believe they'll win more because they got more solid quality players to start with. A lot of times when the guy goes number one overall and he's going into a team, they ain't really got nothing to work with. What I mean like, like Ant man, he went to the, he went to, he went to Minnesota. Damn they had ka ka wasn't the one on wrong draft pick. Right, right. And Ka had suffer, KA had to suffer through all them years and then Yes. Who, and then, You know, okay we get a number one pick again, now we got Ant Man, now we got a something.


Yeah, yeah. That's kind of how it goes. You know what I mean? But I, I like Ace Bay, I like his upside. Yes. I, yes he will be a project, but I think in, in two to three years he will for sure, You know, be able to help Philly, You know, definitely do. So so that mean I don't, they don't have nothing in the draft. Right. You think about it, a team even willing or even thinking about listening to office for that third pick. So there's nobody in this draft coming out this year that is similar to how Handman was when he was at Georgia. Nothing like that. And, and, and that night or LeBron Yeah. Or Wimpy or Zion.


You are like can't miss Right. Can't miss. The only thing I, and I said this before, I said the only thing that concerns me about Zion is his weight because he's a big young man. Yeah. Big young man turning the big old man, big old man can't play sports. It's really that simple. Ocho I think they going, I mean they might move him, but look, I, I never got, I never got the sense, Joe, you can correct me if I'm wrong. Lemme, I I interesting to hear what you think. I never really felt that Zion was happy about going. I think Zion would've preferred to be number three overall and go to New York than be number one overall and go to New Orleans. Yeah, I, I definitely agree.


I think his, his run in, in New Orleans is over, but I never, I never felt his heart was there, You know, in playing because the only way you can show that you care is if you get your butt out there on the court. Yeah. You know, get a fan something to see. And for the most part it's been non-existent now when he do play. Oh, he's unbelievable. He is amazing. So yeah, I I'm sure he, I'm sure he want that New York market up. I'm sure he wanted to go there. He would've. Oh my God, can you, Hey you, you, you are right. You're right Joe. And You know, it's like everybody's gonna sign that rookie Max extension. Yeah. You'd be foolish not to.


It's 150, $160 million and you got coming out going into your third, You know, coming outta your third year. You be foolish not to sign it. Right. But he was like, man, first chance I could get, You know, he liked one of them guys, guys like, man, he's a really hard worker when he shows up now he works hard, we just can't get him to come all the time. You know, you, you've heard bosses say that about workers. Boy, he actually go, but you get him here now he gonna work for you. He's just getting him here. When Zion's on the court, nobody can question Zion's ability. It's just that more times than not Ocho he's probably missed more games than he's played games. And it's hard.


The fans get frustrated. Front office get frustrated. Yeah. You know how they now all of a sudden people are questioning how serious are you taking it? You see you're not controlling your weight, you're not disciplined like you need to be. Yeah. It's just, it's it's a tough sale. Yeah. It's, I I I think there's gonna be a lot of moving pieces this summer in the NBA meaning like I do too. Some big guns. Yeah. I think I do too. I'm gonna get moved around this summer. IIII love what a game is to, You know, these teams competing in the playoffs. We've been able to see some pretty good basketball. I know this, the Celtic game tonight wasn't great, but for the most part, You know, everything's been competitive. It's been fun to watch and then ultimately that's what you want, You know?


Yeah. And You know, you, they just got this, this new deal they going to Amazon NBC. So you're in the first year of this collective bargain New Deal, what? 77 billion. So I I Think you gonna have some pieces too. I think there gonna be, I think there's gonna be a lot of movement this off season. A lot of movement. Yeah, I definitely do. Like I'm talking about some of our favorite ones. Some of our fa Yeah, yeah, yeah. I wouldn't be, I wouldn't be surprised if Philly moved Paul George or tried to, I wouldn't be surprised if Philly moved and be, I wouldn't either. Yeah. What That's what I'm saying. Maybe and be to the Lakers. You talking about you say we need, they need to be Huh? What you think.


Oh yeah. But the, the, the thing is that what you want, you want Rui and Austin Reeves, right? Because you're not getting LeBron. LeBron has a no trade and you're not getting Luca. So what do you want? Austin Reeves and Rui, That's Yeah. They gonna have to take, they, they gonna have to take something, but it, it definitely won't be LeBron Luca. Yeah. They won't be neither one of them. 'cause you wanna pair them with them. Right, right. And ooh, and that's yeah, that's, yeah. But I, I I think there're gonna be a lot of moving pieces. I I would I be surprised if the pelican moves Zion? No, I think there's a 60, 70% chance they do.


Yeah, I agree. I think soon as they probably working on it right now. Soon as the trade, soon as the trade opened up first thing spot And, And, and, and, and here's the thing, I'm not so sure either one will be disappointed. Right. I don't think Zanna be disappointed if he traded and I don't think the Pelican's front office will be traded. Wait, wait, wait a minute. Now he might be disappointed depending on where he goes. He, he ain't gonna be disappointed. You don't Think so? I don't think he, he, I I don't think he think looks at anything is worse than where he currently is. Right. I, that's just me talking. I don't know ZI don I know who he is, but I'm not saying I'm not talking to him. Right. But I don't think, I don't, I don't think he views any place that he could potentially go in the NBA is worse than where he's currently at.


And Well, new Orleans is beautiful but, huh? Well New Orleans is that Yeah, It is. If you wanna go Sightsee, if you wanna go eat, You can say even, even from a basketball standpoint, I mean I view Zion as one of those players generational talents that can change the game. He can change the franchise. He just hadn't been able to stay on the court. Okay. So how can he change it off the court? Is he a martyr? He a simple, he he, he an activist. I mean, so how he gonna change it? Shit. Well he ain't gonna change it nowhere else. Then what's the difference? Hey, who knows? I mean, sometimes you go to a chain scenery and ocho you all of a sudden you feel and you Healed up like Luke Wolverine.


Huh? Man, you heal up and then guess what? You ain't making that be, you ain't eating no beignet. You ain't eating no a two. Faith no bud, no jumbo liar. You, I mean, Ocho, if you got a, first of all in I think New Orleans or Memphis, one of them is like, was voted the fattest cities in the USA The fattest. Yeah. So you don't wanna be, if I, if I got, if I got a eating problem, Ocho, the last place I wanna be right. Is a place that have food and I could get it any type. No. Right. He like, man, everywhere got food everywhere. Ain't got no food. Like New Orleans stop. It ain't no, I wonder how many, they probably got one vegan spot in, in, in New Orleans.


Everything else is heavy cream, heavy sauce, lard. Hey, the bad day all today. Some of the best cooking in the world come from down in New Orleans now. Yes. Oh my goodness. Hey, guess what? As soon as you eat it, you wanna go lay down and go to sleep? Sleep. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I, I wanna, I wanna see him. I wanna, I wanna see Zion move too. I ain't gonna lie. I, y'all, I wanna see. Hey look, you wanna see him go? We might need to, we might need to get him down there to Miami with Pat Riley Ocho let him, let him put their work on him. Oh, okay. Okay. I'll make a call. There might be one that might be one person y'all might be able to get this summer. Y'all might be able to get in.


Y'all might be to turn that Ocho, I mean pair with Ba and hey hero Tyler. Woo, Woo. I like That, that that'd be a nice front line. I like it him. And Bam, I like it. But I, I, I, I, I'm honestly, I, I like, I like Giannis and Ja, I bet you, I bet you do like gni. Bet you, Hey, hey. I like, I like to be honest with you, I like, I like Giannis and Ja, I bet you do like Gs. You ain't getting no Yas and Ja bro. I'm sorry to tell you. All right, listen, I I I sat in the rooms. I done been in the room, so I, hey. Oh, okay Ocho, I I got another hypothetical for y'all.


I got one more hypothetical. Okay, let's say we get a man and SSAG Shay next round. Let's say OKC gone close these boys out. Yeah. Yeah, I can see that. Get the t Ws and the thunder next round. Who y'all got? Ooh, woo. Ah damnit. Hey, honestly, I'm going with an who? You going with an Yeah, I'm pulling, I'm pulling put a home Team. I just listen if ant man bullish, You know what off and get that goddamn trophy in that ring.


Man, I don't care if you don't wanna be the face of the league, boy you better you going on you, you finna be the NBA logo nigga. Hey look. And that's the thing that scares me a ocho because he don't want none of that. He don't want none. No, but sometime when you chosen, you don't have a choice because the things that's gonna be presented, You know, as far as y'all making it, if y'all can make it to the finals and you do win a championship, man, listen, you can tell them folks all you want to, you don't wanna be no face. Hey, because he understands what comes along with the face and he don't, he don't want to give up what he has going on now. Right. As being the face. He can't, he can't. Some of the things that he does and hey Air man like to like to be incognito.


Yeah. Because they gonna scrutinize you. You know, they going, oh yeah, for sure you gonna be in that fish bowl and everything you do, they going to attack you. That's part of it. But I think I read a quote today where Ajo says he doesn't know if he could have played in the social media age, the Twitter and I all that other stuff. Right. Because hey, think about it. Think about, think about all of the stuff he got into and we didn't even have that back then. You know what I mean? They was catching him doing all these things. Man, nowadays it's, it's, it's a lot. And people, people were happy to keep a secret that they saw George out. Yeah. Such and such place. Yeah. Now they, they ain't happy. They ain't tried to keep no secret. They tried to put you on blast. Yeah. Your Phones out, phones out. Flash out.


Yeah. Yeah. Man, guess, guess what? I saw I last night at like three o'clock in the morning. Who? Man, you ain't gonna believe who man, you ain't gonna believe this. Who you think Megan tell me and try to see, but you, I hate when people do that. Hey man, you a, you ain't gonna guess who I saw. Who man, get bro. I ain't ask you where you were. I, you told me. I'm not gonna guess who you saw. So now who did you see? Man get Matter of fact, man, you, you don't Wanna guess. You know, I don't even wanna know no more, man. Don't worry about it. Thank you. I don't Yeah, and that's the thing.


And so now people could keep a secret back then. Yeah. Ain't nobody keeping no secret now. No sir. No sir. They wanna be the first one to tell. They wanna be the four, the 4 1 1. They want to give you the info first. There you go. There you go. Hey, I be such and such. Yeah. Who, who, who is that? Yeah. Yeah. Now, now you trending, you going viral and you don't even know nothing about it. Right. All the, all the time. The guys used to come into the city or they go to Nicky's or they go to X, Y, and Z. Yeah. And you never knew about it. Man. It's hard to get somebody to go to them places tonight. Somebody, man, I saw such and such that bro, that man didn't ask you to tell that.


Right? He didn't want that. As a matter of fact, he didn't want nobody to know. He told you that's why he didn't take no picture with you 'cause he didn't want you to post it. Right.


The Volume This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy, by talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CCE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Su, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.