
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the Wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com,


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Sometimes life can seem hard and tough to navigate, but what may seem like the smallest task, such as getting outta bed, or even brushing your teeth, should be celebrated as a win. And State Farm is here to help you celebrate all your wins. The State Farm Personal Price Plan helps you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options is selected by the customer. Availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


Holiday Magic is in the air. And DSWs got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock, and More and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you. Or DSW dot com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime Video. This Thursday, the Seattle Seahawks traveled to the windy city to face the Chicago Bears. Join Al Michaels, Kirk Herb Street and Kaley Hartung for this exciting matchup. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's best party TNF tonight. Live from Chicago. Not a Prime member. Not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial. You can cancel it any time. It's the Seahawks and Bears at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football, and it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details,


The Volume.


The Emirates BA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports Book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in Bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


B Hunter said Unc. My ex broke up me two days ago and she seen so coldhearted after she told me I was one of the best things that ever happened to her. Hey, lemme Tell you something and now I'm stuck hurt. And She talk to you like she's part of Hr. How should I move on? It's Over boy. It's over. Yeah, it's, it's over. And sometimes you are the best thing that happened to her until somebody long at that time. Yes, yes, yes. At that time. Yeah. I know How you feel. I know you probably been in that fetal position, huh? That that shit don't, that ain't no joke, ain't it? I've been there young fella. I've been there. It's gonna be okay. One one day at a time. But when You Yeah, Yeah.


One day at a time. You're absolutely right. It's tough bro. It's tough because like you said, I mean you guys were together. She told you she was the best, you were the best thing that happened to her. You believe that you had no reason not to believe it. I'm sure y'all did a lot of things together and you know, sometimes people, sometimes, and it's easier. I still believe it's easier to grow apart than it is to grow together. Nah, because Growing together, it takes effort. Quit Growing apart, doesn't take nothing. Yeah. Growing apart. I call, I call it Quitting. It'll take nothing Quitting. And so I ain't, we we ain't, we ain't, we ain't quitting on this end. But, and I know you probably watching too. Shoot me.


You ain't no quitter is your last name Campbell? Hey, that was his last name, right? Huh? According to reports, a phallic. A phallic. What? Laser pointer sparked a heated dispute at Jamie Fox's birthday dinner according to TMZ. During the celebration at Mr. Childs in Beverly Hills, someone from the VIP rented area by Jackass Production Company. What? Penis House Productions projected a penis shaped laser at Jamie's table.


Upsetting him, especially since his kids were present. Jamie went upstairs to confront the group leading to an altercation. Sources say Jackass forever. Stunt man. Jasper Dolphin allegedly threw a glass at Jamie, cutting him near his mouth. Jamie, Jamie Bleeding exclaimed. It's my birthday. What's wrong with you before leaving to get stitches? People play too much. They play entirely too much. Why? Why? But you see OCHO now, somebody had to say because how didn't know Jamie Fox was having a birthday party there. I mean, who's coming there with a, with a production?


They can't, they went there with that. So to do that, So is is, is he okay, this wasn't this, I'm assuming this wasn't a stun or nothing like that. You said it was somebody could Man, he threw a glass. He threw a glass and hit him in his mouth and busted and cut him. It be Okay that normally that starts a real rumble. You know, I don't, I don't see someone throwing something at Jamie Foxx and Ain that Ja, I mean that Jamie, Jamie ain't really trying to squabble like that, but they know who to do that to. Right, right. When somebody goes Mr. Child, they ain't trying, they they ain't trying to bang. Okay. They ain't trying to bump celebrate something.


You wanna have a good time. They're with their family. They're with some loved ones. They're with some friends. They wanna get, they want get a good meal. People play too much. Man, y'all stop. Everybody ain't bought them pranks. I see people in the mall, you know, they going up to one side. This is not a prank. If that's your man, that's your and people. Yeah, But this is not a prank though. Y'all Stop. Everybody don't play like a prank. Don't play groan, huh? Yeah, he, he, he, he got a, he got a, a phallic shake laser pointing at Jamie. Oh. And okay, okay, okay, I see, I see you going in. Jamie got upset and confronted him about doing the, the bullshit. Okay, now I got you.


Now I got you right. Yes. He got kids at the table because they probably got a, they probably got some special coming out of something because you know they be doing pranks like that. You never I but I'm not the one. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not the one. Hey, I don't, I don't play like that Ojo. I don't play like that. Had punk. Yeah, punk. The punk Was funny. They wanted to punk me. You, my Ashley Kutcher had a TV show. My daughter Kayla said, nah, daddy ain't the one. I don't play like that. Right. I don't, don't play with me.


You don't know me like that. I don't play with you. I don't play. Yeah. People that know me, I'm very matter of fact, I'm from point A, I'm from point B. I don't all that Kiki me and you joking back and forth. That is not the Shannon Sharp that I am. You don't be joking with me. You not. Damn. I am not. That's Oh, with Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Outside of me. And people expect, oh, Okay, okay, okay. This is how I, Okay. I thought you, I thought it was just me. I was sad. I gonna be sad. Mm mm No, no, no, I don't, I don't listen.


I'm very respectful. Hey, how you doing? I always, anytime I meet somebody, Ash, always Why you do that? Hello? I'm Shannon Sharp. I'm not arrogant enough to believe that everybody knows who I'm boom don't play, just, hey, go about your business. Let me go about my business because boy, look here. Oh, we, oh, we told Mr. Child, you've been tuss up, Mr. Child have been closed for renovation. I promise you, I I I guarantee you that's not, I get I bet you that wouldn't have made the next deal special if they were shooting some kind of prank for a movie. I bet you that wouldn't have made it.


I, like I said, that's, that's why I stay to myself. I, hey, I sneak in, I sneak out. I go in there. My, my like seven 30. I'm trying to get in and get out. I'm out of there. I don't do a whole lot of big crowds and stuff. Nah. Hey man, we got this. Nope. Just let me go ahead and let go ahead. And my business people just play too much. I don't When is this, this, you know what happened on your Right, right. Internet especially. That's, that's the area we Right now. Everybody, everybody's trying to, where's The content And then when Yep, that's the problem. I just, and everybody wanna get content.


And you saw that guy, that guy got shot in the mall. He, he, he guy put that 22 on him talking about, oh you shot. But yeah, because stop playing with people. Y'all stop running on people and throwing stuff on people in these stores and stuff and doing all kind of stuff, man. Yes Sir. Now I say it too grown for that. A ease of income. It's a different way of, it's a different way of revenue, a different way of income. And it's, it's, it's the times we're in now, you know, people understand that you can make money based on these pranks and shoot, depending on how much depend you get Beat. How much did that'd Be? A pretty penny too. Now, now think about it. Summer Walker and Sexxy Red Taylor, her call her to go back to her boyfriend after he cheated on her twice.


Damn. In nine years together, people should be, huh? So I make Summer Walker and Summer Walker and Sexxy Red tell her caller to go back to her boyfriend after he cheated on her twice in nine years together. People shouldn't be accepting that, but you are. Right. Like literally two times is nothing but friend, we can't sound sound like this. We have to work on ourselves and accept and accept better. They all like that. But there's some people that genuinely feel like there are some men who that don't cheat and they'll argue with you up and down that they, they'll make it be like, all you women just be with them ends that be cheating.


So that's why I don't say nothing. But no babe, they're all cheating. You do go back to like, what the f what Do you do women, like a certain type women want a man with a certain type of revenue and income. Normally the type of men that you want and like that are wealthy, that are rich. What does that come with unc? I'm just curious for the people in the back real quick, just what does that come with men that have the resources and have access to multiple women and are rich? What does that come with? Yeah, because if he has resources to, if he has resources to, I just, I don't, I don't wanna understand.


Like, it Ain't, you also have resources to Win. It's fucking math. Two plus two Eagles, fucking two, two plus two eagles. Fucking two. It's come with a territory since the beginning of fucking time. Someone with riches, Fame, celeb. It's what it is. And it's always been that way. Why do we continue to have this fucking discourse and conversation about men that have money and what they fucking do? It's the same shit every fucking time.


Yeah. I look, I I I don't know the, listen, I don't really know the circumstances and which, like I said, I don't hear the call Ocho, we got about another, what we got about another 25 days before we can We been good Ocho we been good. Yeah. We got 14 days Ocho and we'll be off probation because they was trying to, we were about to lose your job. You about to lose your channel. You about to lose your channel and we not gonna do that. So with that being said, Ocho, I don't know the situation. I don't know. I mean, looks like from the caller, they said twice in nine years.


I mean, some listen, some they can forgive some. That's an unforgivable. I'm not ocho I, I don't, I don't tell nobody how they should be in the relationship. You what, how They should you Hold on. I, I got one for you. How about you don't forgive. You don't forgive. Right? I don't really know You. That's so to the next person, you know what's gonna happen. Yeah. Same shit. Yes. You, you don't forgive again. You go to the next person. What That meets all the qualifications that you want the same shit. You know? And the cycle gonna keep motherfucking continuing to repeat itself until you fucking get it through your goddamn head. You know? Hello? Yeah.


I I'm, I'm just saying, I mean you how long, how long you been around? Yeah. How long you been around And listen in, in, in this specific piece, in this specific craft. Oh yes. Around, I've been Specific type types of individuals and understanding the landscape of how things work. Like what, what, what are we doing? Well that's what I mean young. That young lady is gonna have to like, okay, talk to her, you know, boyfriend, significant other, whatever the case was, and then they'll have to come to a conclusion on that.


No They don't. They don't. No, they don't. Everybody doesn't cheat. They don't, all women don't cheat. All men don't cheat. But at the end of the day, I think you and I, we we're, we're Yeah, We're realistic in our expectations.


Apple Cart is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. You can apply on your iPhone in minutes and start using it right away. You'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products that Apple like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Start holiday shopping for your friends and family today with Apple card subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


Congratulations to the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine for the first ever Malcolm Gladwell tipping point designation at this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business. The university used integrated IO OT devices and 5G solutions from T-Mobile to enable multiple synchronized health monitors. Allowing for real-time remote data collection and analysis. The initiative will shape patient care moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video. This Thursday the Seattle Seahawks traveled to the windy city to face the Chicago Bears. Join Al Michaels, Kirk Herb Streett and Kaylee Hartung for this exciting matchup. You know, you feel for Bears fans. Just when you think everything could finally go right, it's been a very, very up and down season. But anytime you have the number one overall pick, you will get me to to watch no matter what coverage begins at 7:00 PM with football's best party. TNF tonight. Live from Chicago. Not a Prime member. Not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial. You can cancel it anytime. It's the Seahawks and Bears at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football. And it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about fade this. And we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. All you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games, they've come in and haven't scored 20 points. And you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this. We'll, we will talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings. To hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


In order to be this bad, you gotta practice. So you go out there and say hey, right, we not having any completions. We wanna throw incompletions and turnovers. Ain't no way you that bad you practice. Yeah, that's what I would get frustrated by. Man. I'm putting all this time in, I'm watching all this tape keep, Make, keep messing Up and my quarterback and I listen, I know how you feel. I know how you feel. Is is is them is them jeans that they used to wear? I don't know if they still wear 'em but the I'm from the south. So those, those, those, those girls used to wear those jeans with no back pockets. Call them smooth booties. Right. I ain't never heard of them. Smooth. They didn't have back pockets on them.


Yeah. Yeah. The more chick jeans. You ain't never, you remember Hey, hey somebody in the check go. What kind of jeans, Boy, chick? Yeah. I ain't never, I ain't never heard that. CHI see Chick. Oh them dude, hold On. From what I know, I know the eighties. But what I mean in Atlanta Eighties, little eighties, little eighties. So everywhere everybody had chick. I ain't never heard that was Like that.


If you was somebody you had Said how much we talking, They were a little expensive too. So you know, you had to, you know. Okay. Back then, back then that, that's a lot. That's a lot of money back. Oh, you gotta tell me. I know. Yeah, Yeah. What you about back then? Yeah, that's a money. Damn. A boatload of money. It Jeans ain't never heard of that. Yeah. Thing was, ooh yeah. Yeah. I'm trying to think, was it, was it far Fau one of the, one of those angels used to wear them. But you know about Beaton and Beaton Now that's Gloria Van.


Gloria Vanderbilt. I Remember them names. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. They, they, they was back in the day though. Joe Lord Ocho the Bucks run rough, short over the Chargers. The Bucks rack up 505 total yards. LA had 2 0 7. Mike Evans 159 yards Ocho. He's now 251 yards short. He needs to average. Yeah. 83.67 yards. So basically 84 yard game over the last three games to reach a thousand O Baker. That's one thing about OSHA and Bake.


Now O oh Shaken Bake. You gonna make Sure It, if you need something Shake Bake on I'm sure. Sure. Baker Mayfield. I like that. They gonna make, matter of fact the coaches, the offense the coordinator, they gonna make sure he get it. They Sure. So yeah. Who or the G which Angel wore those jeans? Was it King? Who Ft Was it Farrah Farrah Faucet. Well Farrah Faucet majors. The who? She was married to a $6 million man. She was married to Who? Suzanne Summers Baker was 22 of 27.


2 88 yards, four touchdowns. One pick one sack. Bucky Irving. 15 carries buck 17 White. 15 carries 64. They ran the ball OCHO 39 times for 2 23. Justin Herbert was a RAs, he had a pick sack three times. Tyler Heineke came in one for one four yards. But they really, really not a whole lot. Tampa did an outstanding job. Yeah. Like I said, they pressured him. Labonte David had a sack at a half hall, had a sack at a half. But they did a great job of Neutralizer 11 carries for 32 yards. And that's what I'm saying, it's gonna be very interesting to see Tampa and Dallas.


Oh, about who's tell tell us a lot about, that's gonna really, really, really tell us a lot. No, I'm saying that that'll be an opportunity because if if right, if the Falcons lose tomorrow night and then the Tampa win, hold on. But we, they gonna Hold, we know it's gonna happen. We know how that game's gonna turn out. We know how that game's gonna turn out. Unless for some godforsaken reason we see a different Dallas Cowboys, you know, and the goddamn bucks lay egg. I don't think, I don't think that's going to happen. Probably not. You know, especially with the way they're playing, that momentum is going to carry on into the next game.


Somebody said it was Far Faucet. Yeah, I remember y'all too. I used, I used Talk to Fett had them jeans on. Yeah. Told you. Huh? She from Corpus Christ. Oh. When she was on that she had that. Yeah she had that red ba that red bikini on. Yeah, that's, that's that poster. The Jets beat the Jags 32 27 Jet snapped the losing streak. Rogers 289 yards three to down as the giant. The giant, the Jets finally pull out a game in the fourth quarter. This was 50. Yeah. Devante, Aaron Rogers, Devonte Adams again.


He had back to back weeks boy Back we got. Yeah. Oh right. Hey Unc, I'm so, I'm out here now Like New York Boy. It's about 23, boy, boy about 23 Now look at, look at, look at his game last week against Miami. The weather. Look at his game this week against Jacksonville. Aaron Rogers. He was 16 or 32 89. Three touchdowns. The only sack once. Devonte nine catchers a buck 98 second, biggest second, second best receiving day of his career.


Two touchdowns, a 71 yard. He had nine targets. M Jones, I don't know what M Jones was thinking on that last interception. I'm like, bro, what are you doing? Do you not know the route? Right. I I guess it's route Ocho if the, if the corn is on top of you, you pull up. If you're on top of him, you throw it Matt, you can see it. Hey hold on Unc. So you trying to say now I'm thinking about it. You think Aaron Rogers is playing better in hot weather cities as opposed to cold The man played in Green Bay all this. Hell yeah. Yes.


Yeah. And look at him now. Look how he played in. Right. You think that's not, you don't think that Weather game Think he just playing good in. Okay. I listen. You might No, you might be on something now. You might be Something. IIII, yes. Nah, I ain't have that poster with man cost money back there. 50 man put in the so you think my girl gonna put that band stop playing? Yeah. Man, Barry Porter gonna have that thing.


Stick it on that, stick it on that, that cinder block wall with Scotch tape. No, I had to wait, I got what Had the beauty of The week on the wall. Remember Magazine, jet Beauty Week? Yeah. Hey, I I, I, I never forget where My wall was. Cover, You know, back, back, back in my day man. I had, I had dated by a few, you know, few of the Jet beauties of the week, bro. Yeah. They, you ain't, I always wanted me the Jet Beauty. Yeah, boy I ain't never met. I went on a date with about my four, five of 'em. Man. You know, because it, you know, in the, in the bio will tell you where they from.


As a matter of fact, I dunno from Tell you from, I used to go, you know you hit the Yellow pages. Yes. You know name, name, name and everything being there, man. Yeah. I be like, dang, I thinking about it. Nah, as a matter of fact, I think I might have met one person that that's ever been in a magazine. Who? I gotta find me a magazine. Do they, do they? Oh, hold on. I'm trying to think. Do they, man, I ain't seen a magazine.


So what, like what's the magazine now? They still got, They still got magazines like that. M something like that. Huh? Oh yeah. I, man, I ain't been to the, yeah, no, I, no I ain't been to the man. I go to the grocery store. I'm trying to get in and down. I ain't go to no magazine now. Hey, matter of fact, hey listen, with social media, you don't even need magazines no more. Unc, when you think about it, you don't need magazines no more. Yeah, yeah. You got a point there. You got a point there Ocho. You got a point now. You know what I'm saying? Ocho, now you, hey, when you're right, you can't possibly be wrong.


Hey, Good point. Good point, good point. Earlier before we got on, my niece was on the phone and you know, he was, he was happy. You know, so, you know, that's what it is. I'm, I just, I'm just breaking things down for you a little bit. You know, most of everybody in the chat is younger than me. Know. I'm, I'm 56. I'm Tell him, hey, re re watching re says she was gonna be watching tonight and she's telling, he gonna see your smile. Chad. I wish y'all could, I shoulda filmed it. I shoulda had Jordan filming it and then played it back. Why Don't, I don't recall Smiling like that. I'm just asking, I was just trying to talk about the state that you talking about.


Hey, that your Hey Chad, he had the phone. He, oh, guess who It's, look who? It's right there baby phone. I, I, I recall that was night. Yeah. Alright. Looked down at your phone. You probably said stop playing with me Ocho nah know. Call you Chad playing With Chad. I don't recall. I mean, honestly, it it is after 12 o'clock too. I, I don't, I don't remember nothing like that. I remember nothing had happened yesterday, dad.


Yeah, but he had ch but Chad, he happy. He happy and we glad to have it back. We glad to have because we had, Chad had Chad, we got Ocho. I mean, I mean the Chad, I mean the Chad. Happy Chad. Y'all be, I'm always happy. I'm, I'm, I'm the same energetic self always. You know, always. I mean I, I be lit Chad. Yes, absolutely. Icho been himself over the Chad.


Don't, don't matter. I'm telling you about me. I got a job to Do. Ain't Chad. Not Chad. When I come on here and it's time to work, I'm, I'm here. I told you, I've told you I'm, I'm like a horse at the Kentucky Derby. Now I got my blinders on. I'm focused. Yeah. Man, shit. Yeah, yeah. Chad say no. Yeah, I'm blowing up because I got goddamn, I come Up, show up Now. I'm good man. I'm, I'm, I know why you load up. Hey, hey. Now you know when somebody getting that phone, he all close to it too. Yeah. Hey, how you doing?


Hey talking. I'm just trying to figure out what you talking about. I'm trying to figure out when this Yeah, you, they say you, they say like the last month, Two months I unusual. I been working, I got got 7, 11, 30, 11 jobs. So that's all, that's, that's been my focus, you know, getting, getting to this bag. You feel me? You hear me? I don't really, I don't really, I don't really show it. Oh yeah. Hey listen, Listen. I can't wait to see. I can't, I, I ain't waiting. Don't worry about it. I can't wait to see real ig to see what she give cripple.


Yeah. Bald salmon. Shit. I ain't got it. I ain't got it bro. Oh you got it? Oh you got it. I ain't got It. Yeah, I ain't got it bro. I ain't got shit, shit looking rough bro. Yeah. Send, send, send as a a, a text re the color and I'm, I've mentioned it to Ocho big boy to says who tried to come to my Super Bowl party. I'm gonna have burnt in Buffalo Wings, seafood, gumbo, mac and cheese, ribeye steak and a lifetime supply. A modo mods. Mods because I didn't say mods Modelos, I don't drink.


No I don't drink no beer. So hey, I thought hey, I thought it was like them old dudes. You ever had old dudes Ocho what's that? Non-alcoholic beer? Hell nah. You know I play with that stuff. What? It's non-A alcohol. Hey The, the fact that it's supposed to be beer? No. Okay. Uhuh, you ain't never drank a beer. I've never had alcohol. That would be, that would be me having alcohol. Oh yeah. The burn is I'm good. Buffalo wings? Yeah. Gumbo. Nah, miss me with that. Are you, are you, is the bacon, mac and cheese, is it baked or you gonna have it creamy?


I like the rib eye bone in and lifetime supply of Modelo. Man ain't, oh hey the Rock, I, you rock the models. You lifetime supply of models. You lead the Modelo. Peter said settle this with settle this settle with you. Yeah. Or money jump funny. Next time you have to eat a jar of black licorice during the show, Black licorice, hell nah. But who drink Well black. Would you? I don't even know you buy black licorice at Nah, I don't either.


I don't like No black liquor. I ain't there. I don't do that bro. But I tell you one thing, I'd rather eat black liquorice than Candy Corn. Yeah. Wax Candy, Corn, You eat. You like Candy Corn? Hell yeah boy. You tripping. Nah, nobody with old people. He can't Listen. Listen, I can't do no black licorice now. I can't do no black liquorice. You put some goddamn Candy Corn boy, talk to me. Absolutely. Hey you. Yeah we saw Berry. You, You eat raccoon but you won't eat Candy Corn. No, I sure won't. You eat, you eat pig feet. But you won't. You won't. I I'm, I'm gonna leave it alone.


You know what? Yeah and you and you eat booty but you won't eat black licorice. They both Black's a difference. One of 'em coming out the shower. They both black now. Now See, nah. Hey that was the old me. That was The old me. That ain't, that ain't you no more. Nah, nah. Okay. Ever since, ever since I've been on this journey, man. Every, everything's like, I see, I see things so much more clearer now. Now that, now that is a distraction. Wow. I'm proud of you man. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I'm proud of that journey. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


I, I, to me it's a beautiful thing. It's, it is a beautiful thing. I honestly, I thought I didn't have the dis I thought I ain't had the discipline to do it. And I've been on point. I'm proud of you, Yoho. Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm proud of me too. You know I'm making strides. The last, the, the last philosopher said if Dre text y'all, Hey at 12:00 AM what y'all doing Dre? Who? She ain't texting me. I ain't got, she ain't got my number. She got some, she got some, she has someone.


I'm happy for her, him. Look how many Dres? You know, Ocho, I Don't, I don't even, I don't even like that hypothetical Dre. But I'm just saying. Me, first of all, lemme tell you I am, I done got too old and I never asked. More than I'm willing to give. So you know what? I ain't gonna call you at 12:00 AM and you damn sure better not call me. 'cause I ain't coming. I ain't gonna ask you to come. I done got too old. I ain't getting up and unlocking no door and that because I ain't, I ain't gonna be, I ain't gonna be able to go back to sleep. I'm not finna interrupt my sleep pattern. And if you call me, my phone is sent to a special ring.


It better be, it better be Kayla Kiari. Apu. Yeah. It better be my brother or sister or my mom. Yeah. Other than that. No, don't don't call, don't call me Ash because I already know you on some ize. No, nah, I don't, I don't, I don't do that. I don't do that. No. Hell no. Waking somebody else talking about what, what you doing? That's one 30 in the morning. What the hell you think I'm doing? You know what I was doing? I was cutting the grass. The hell You think I, no, you know what, I was changing. I was changing my alternator. But who you, I'm trying to figure out who call that time of night anyway.


'cause you knew who gonna answer mine Man. Please man, I wish I, man, I wish. Look. Yeah, yeah, yeah. People watching, People watching know what these hypothetical forget. They forget how old we is. Huh? Six. I'm asleep by nine o'clock if I'm not doing the show. Yeah. I am not. Boy. Anybody that knows Shannon, they know Shannon. Do not like to be waking up, woken up. And I definitely don't for you saying that. I'm gonna call you every day when we all at two in the morning.


See I'm gonna call you. How about what you call after, after the police to someone prank or swatting me? Nah man, don't, don't be calling nobody. Look, she eats his own. I mean, if that's the type of relationship y'all want, people want to have. Nah, nah, I ain't got no problem with no. Nah. I just, because you call, you hold on hold. You calling me at 12 o you ain't Come until 12 o'clock. Like that's disrespectful to me. Why wouldn't you call me at a decent hour? So you really, so you really, you really like, honestly you trying me like I'm just a piece of ass. What? No. A and I'm thinking, you know what I'm thinking though, Joe.


Oh, somebody else done told you. No, I, because because of if he ain't want you, what make you think I do Now? If you have called me, if you called me about three, four hours, I'll let you get a little. So I let you little something. Yeah, yeah, yeah. 12 but not 12 at Night. Wait a minute. Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I think about it now. 12 o'clock at night, most of the time women that are intoxicated and have consumed alcohol, they, they but that listen, they always call what they love First. I don't do that now. I don't care. Don't you call me, don't call me. I don't, I don't. First of all, okay, first of all, I ain't gonna pick up.


So that's the I but I don't do, I don't, no, I don't, I don't do the I don't do the drunk calling drunk. I Don't, no, I don't drink. I'm, I'm just saying. No. Hell no. I just heard. I, I I, I heard no. Mm, I I would hate, I hate I look, I hate being, I would hate being out when I would go out with the guys and somebody been bitching. Ah, slurring. Nah. Yeah, No dude's. They never remember what happened. That's All, that's trouble. I'm nothing. 'cause they, I wasn't a part of it. I don't The Volume.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA Member FDIC.


Hey there, it's Scott Patterson from I Am All In Again podcast life. Short talk fast stream Gilmore Girls on Hulu. That's right. Grab your coffee and get cozy because all seven seasons of Gilmore Girls are now on Hulu Stream. All the witty banner, heartwarming moments and awkward Friday night dinners with Lorelei Rory, and the eclectic mix of characters. Whether you're rewatching or going Gilmore for the first time, Hulu has you covered. It's a show, it's a lifestyle. It's now streaming on Hulu.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit s hsu.edu today to get started.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Welcome to TGL presented by SoFi Golf's newest league. It's sharp and it's electric. How is it sharp? How is it electric? Good questions. Drive us on for size. Two hours of hammer dropping overtime. Forcing playoffs on the line. Golf with 24 of the best players from the PGA tour split into six teams. Atlanta, Boston, Jupiter, la, New York, and the Bay. This isn't your average Sunday pickup game. Catch the inaugural TGL match January 7th only on ESPN. Keep up. It's golf.