
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn Up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


Morning people wake up for peace and quiet McDonald's breakfast people. We wake up for the sweet rush of getting that warm delicious breakfast right before it ends. Crush your morning goals with a steak, egg and cheese bagel, or any breakfast sandwich and snag another one for just a buck with the buy one Get one deal only in the McDonald's app. Limited time only at participating McDonald's valid ones per day must opt into rewards.


Bottom Up.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. Iheart open your free Iheart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA Cup is here you can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draft King customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Brian Day Ball said he spoke to Malik Nab Malik Neighbors after the red. He's a very competitive individual. Again, you want to get the ball in his hands and you got to do a better job of getting the ball in his hands early. He's a smart young guy that's very competitive. And again, when you lose like that, it's frustrating. But we've had good communication as we always have The Giants play on Thanksgiving against the Cowboys Hotel. Don't, don't don't don't, don't talk me to death. Don't talk my head off. I'm about action boss. I'm about action. We in week 11, we in week 12, whatever week it is. I'm about asking And we having a conversation about getting him the ball. Show me, show me. 'cause you could tell me anything and come game day, I get lost in the sauce again.


Matter of fact, the first 15 plays of the game is scripted. Show me how much you love me show. I show how much you really mean what you said to me about my yes. You know, Don't no, don't let me waste the away. I know we losing, I know we having a bad season. Things aren't going away. We'd like, but look. Well hell If we losing just no ball. In fact, let's give the Giants fans something they want. Let's give 'em a little entertainment. Huh? Put the ball in my hands, man. It's pretty simple. Yeah, I agree. We see what he can do when he get it. I know that much. Yes, I know that much. We are seeing flashes of greatness from the young rookie every time he touches the ball, but for some reason, why not feed it to him? It's common sense.


If there's gonna be some type of shining light on the Giants organization allowed to be in number one. I'm just, I'm based it off what I seen before. Oh yeah, he, he's for sure number one. ocho. Just give him the ball. Let's throw it to him. But see, look, the Giant's not serious because you know, I didn't know, you know how I know they not serious because Drew Lock has been their backup Ocho how would you feel you the backup, you the number two receiver to the XX get hurt. They bring them somebody, they, and they bring, they bring your backup or somebody put a practice squad and put him in front of you. I, I wonder what the reason for that was. I mean, honestly speaking, I would love to hear the truth behind that move.


They ain't trying to win no game. So I'm, I'm assuming you think without Daniel Jones, they think they win game to ju lock is what you're saying. He might stumble into one. He might get hot throw for 300 yards and win a cup. Nah, no, no. Nah. We gonna be bad. We gonna get us a high draft pick. We gonna sit right here where we are and we gonna get the quarterback. Wait. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Oh, okay. I know the quarterback you're talking to, but I think you over Ebola. Yeah. Who, who would have the number one pick right now? Probably Jacksonville, Travis Hunter and Jacksonville. Nah, I don't I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that.


Well, that's right. Now that's, that's, that's, that's where we're Somebody else gotta come up there and get him. I don't, I don't like I. Don't like that Man. You know they ain't gonna trade. You know what? I might, because the question is, can Travis Hunter, if you are you Travis Hunter away from being competitive? Baker Mayfield OCHO is reportedly suing his father and brother investment firm for $12 billion. Baker alleges misuse of the funds between 2018 and 21 saying they diverted money without authorization to cover expenses. You see ocho, you see OCHO now See if, if he crashed out Yeah, he wrong. Why would you do that to your, why would you do that to your, why would you do that to anybody or your, why would you take something for anybody but your brother, your son, Your aunt.


Wait a minute now you know what the root of all evil is. It's always been money. What ruins families? Money. It always has. And it always been that way. It's always been that way. You can't trust anyone around that kind of money. Hell, millions got thousands, hundreds of thousands and you, you add millions to the equation. Absolutely not. They, they, they not gonna do. Right. Matter of fact, the people that do it for a living, forget their investment firm when it comes to investing, when it comes to earning to making money. It, this happens all the time. You get people power of attorney and power to do things that they shouldn't be able to do with your money. Everyone always has a great idea when it comes to wait, make, but it's not theirs.


They always do well. It it ain't, it ain't mine. It ain't mine. So I'm gonna take the chance anyway. How many horror stories have you heard, man, during your era from players doing my era Over another gets his money back. Man, that's a lot of money. Ocho. Hell, I've seen people do something bad to people for less. Oh yeah. Oh, much less. And the funny thing about it, think about all these situations like this when it comes to money being funneled out, you know, without a power of attorney, without the person actually knowing or willing, do they ever get that money back?


I I've never heard of somebody recovering a hundred, a hundred, a hundred percent on the Point. Exactly. I mean you might get, you might get 30, 40 cents on a dollar, but still Ocho man 12 man, that's a lot of, first of all, 12 million. If they spent 12 million, that being Baker had to make 25 million because that's half I. Don't understand that people, I hope y'all understand that when you end the tax bracket, the Baker Mayfield is $12 million. That mean he had to make 25 million And it, that's why you gotta be real careful. You gotta be real careful even with family.


I try, I try what I try to do Ocho I I, me personally and I I want what's best for my family. But I couldn't invest that. I couldn't invest that kind of You can't, Huh? No, no, no. I'm not talking about your family. I'm saying in general, I couldn't do, I couldn't do the same either. You have, you have to have an understanding what money does to people Uncle And. if you have people in your family or people that you're dealing with in general. Oh, they'll do anything for a dollar bro. If when it comes to money we was we making a, actually the kind of money we making right now can do anything. Yes. Oh yeah. If you got the wrong people in your corner, if you had the wrong people in your corner that would do anything for a dollar, they'd do anything to you for that as well.


Xavier Legett said he's still not over his drop pass in the fourth quarter of yesterday's loss against the chief. He said he texted Bryce Young last night saying he couldn't have placed the ball any better and he's going to make up make that play up next time. I like X man, I like, I like I like him, I like him, I like how much he's improved on that offense. Especially after my comments months early in the season about, you know, not having any weapons there and everybody over there just stepped up and Bryce Young stepped up obviously having the confidence that, that he needs to be at, be at the, and and, and be the quarterback and the leader of men. You know, in that Carolina Panthers team and the receivers, they've stepped up, including, including X.


So, you know, you drop the ball back to the drawing board, boy Move on. It happens bro. 24 hour rule. There is a 24 hour rule. It just like playing db. You get beat on the play. Okay, boom, you let it go. You drop the ball. Nah, db you ain't got 24 hours, you got, you got 24 seconds. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Especially end game. But the fact that, the fact that he's still thinking about it after the fact, you gotta let that go. 'cause that's, you can't even let that linger like that. Yeah. You can't even let that linger like that. Yeah. You know, you doing, you doing your thing, you doing your thing continue. Yeah. To Build on top one after another. You don't want it to linger onto the next play. Right. Right. You thinking about the play you didn't make and here comes another plane. You, you f that one up. Yep. Yeah, it happened every time, Bro.


You gotta have a If, you play sports, you gotta have amnesia. Yeah. Quick. Hey, Real quick. I don't know what happened. I was gonna say, I know that ain't tight up part there. Hey bro. X Hey bro, it happens. You gonna probably drop some more but just make sure you catch more than you drop and you'll beat just by that. The Cowboys beat the commanders to snap a five gang losing streak by the score of 30 40, 26 in the last two minutes and 49 seconds. There was a 99, there was a Bible kick the turn. Devonte Turpen, Kante Turpen, excuse me, picks the ball up and goes 99 yards for a touchdown.


Oh, that's the ball game. Nah, the commander says not so fast Jayden. Daniel says, I believe I have one more miracle in me and it might not be a hail Mary, but I got pass for you. He fives, he finds mcc Terry MCC 86 yard touchdown ocho. We go into overtime. The kicker comes on the snapper. There's a, because here's the thing, Ocho people think it's just the pressure on the kicker. There's the pressure on the snapper down and the holder. Yeah. And you see it kind of threw his, it threw his timing off because the ball was a little low and the, and and, and the holder, he bobbled a little bit and it wasn't even close. It reminded me that I, I remember thinking though, you, I was thinking to myself, you remember when the saints, they laterally the ball all the way down the field against Jacksonville, got the touchdown and then Mr.


PAT that would've tied the game. Well that's a heart. That's a heartbreaking way. Lose game, lose a game. You've done all of that 86 yard, the crowd is in a frenzy. Your sideline is in a fren frenzy and then it's just so anti-climatic that you shank. PAT. Now you come back in, oh Joe, we going onside it. Dallas scoops their on side up and goes in i'll At you. I mean in, you know what, What, How, how do I say this? The snapper, the holder and the kicker, they go through the same routine constantly. All week.


All week. If it is repetition, repetition, repetition, repetition, repetition. Yeah. And especially when it comes to a game like this where the game is on the line and it's on your hands and it's on your and it's on your foot. You got one job. Yep. You got, you got one job. The game of football is a game of interest. There, there are very few plays, even outta 75 maybe one, two, maybe three plays at best that makes a difference in the game. And when the opportunity comes, you have to take advantage of those opportunities. And tonight they miss the opportunity to give themselves the chance to win a game against a Cowboys team that has been playing bad. You could have buried 'em. Huh? You would you win this game if, if if Washington wins this game, they buried the Cowboys.


This season's over over. Ain't no coming back. You three at eight, you got six games to go. I believe your season is over because the Cowboys, they still gotta go to Philly. I don't believe they're meeting Philly in Philly. No. So you could've ended the Cowboys season now. Yeah, but you, Jayden Daniels prior to that last match he had, he wasn't playing well, he wasn't seeing the field particularly. Well O Joe. But I wanna give the Cowboys d line some credit they got after him. Diga Michael. Yeah. Yeah. They, they got, after the defense was flying around the Rico ell, they had a rushing game. Look, it wasn't great. It wasn't great, but 19 carries 86 yards.


Caught the ball extremely well. And think it, it was a makeshift line. Your right guard is out, your left guard is out. They boo guy, which was a great thing because all he does is hold, get felonies. And even when they brought it a out in, guess what he did? Ocho got looking around like, what I ocho you know what I hate? I, I wish I on the video board soon as they're throwing flag, I know they go, look, I'm gonna cut the video board off. What you looking up there for? You know what the hell you did? You have a man, that's why they threw a flag your ass. They be looking up there talking about yeah, you did it. Yeah It was you. I'm like, damn son.


And he talking. He don't know what, that ain't no whole. Yes it is. But give the Cowboys credit Ocho. Like I said, Cooper Rush did a great job. 24, 32, 47, 2 downs. They ran the ball well enough to keep the Washington off battles where he just couldn't pin the hands back cheat C had 10 for 67 Schoon marker. I think that's his name. They just have three for 55 called a 24 yard. 24 yard touchdown. But they have some guys that make some big time plays today. And that's what you need to happen to go on the road and get that nasty taste outta their mouth. But those guys, hey they got Up to the quarterback. They hunted the quarterback today and they did a great job of that.


They did a great deal. You Go ahead. I say when you look at the Cowboys the last, the last four weeks, and you look at the Cowboys night, especially from a defensive standpoint, why in the hell they look like they did they against the division opponent as opposed to not looking like that against everybody else They've been playing. Tell me. So we both Know I, I'm, I'm just, I'm just curious. I'm sitting there, I'm, I'm watching the game at the cigar bar earlier and I'm like, I'm saying to myself, well, well God damn, they show we is playing. Well you know, they playing well offensively. I'm talking about all three phases of the game. Whether it be defense, whether it be offense. Yeah. They was playing mother good on god damn special teams, but you look like, you look like everybody else.


They did, especially at home. 'cause they've been down by 20 points or more in the last, what, five, six home games. And a lot of those home games. The games haven't been close. The only game that was close this year is that they came back and they were down by 20 against Baltimore. All the other games that they've lost have been two score games. But the kicker, he missed a couple a day, which is, and he's a very reliable kicker. He has le I mean he has leg out of this world. But other than that, I thought defensively this was the best game defensively. I thought overall as an offense, they played well. They ran the ball. Not great rushing numbers ocho, but they ran the ball well enough to keep them off balance. Turin, who turned himself into the best returner in in football, if you, and they got him out of the wor or the USFA what?


USFL. I think they got him outta the USFL. They got the kicker outta the the XFL or the USFL, whatever the case may be. And these guys are all pro that's turned into all pro players. But give the Cowboys credit and guys, see how easy it is. If you play good, we talk about you, we say good things. Yeah. But when you play bad, I mean, what other choice do you have? Now I wonder if somebody's gonna go on the IG and say, Hey, call me on the phone and talk good about me. I'm just wondering, you think that's gonna happen, don't you? We if they gonna call you and tell you talk good about 'em. No. Yeah, no, no. Tweet it. No, don't go on ig IG posts and stuff like that. You think they're gonna say that? Oh, okay.


Yeah.


When shopping for Black Friday Appliance deals, you wanna pay less. And you probably think that means heading to a big box store. But for the best appliance deals, remember Bray beats big. So skip Black Friday and get to Bray Friday. Going on now at Bray and Scarf. Save Up to 40% on select appliances and get Doorbuster savings on our best selling GE profile and cafe appliances. Save now during Bray Friday at Bray and Scarf where it doesn't cost more to get more.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side and Liar's Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


CJ SRI steps outta the back of Envo four. Safety as the Titans beat the Texans 32 27 CJ Strive performance was a mixed bag. He threw multiple touchdown passes for the first time since October 13th in Almo over a month. But he also threw multiple interceptions for the second time in three weeks and was sacked four times. The Texans allowed will Levis to go 18 or 23, 2 73, 2 touchdowns, big long touchdowns in December. Houston. Houston faces the dolphins, the chiefs, and the Ravens who off offenses can score in bunches. KY fair Barnes missed 28 yard field goal attempt in the fourth quarter. Mark just the first, the fourth field goal.


29 of your yards out of 159 attempts in NFL seat this season. Two of those four misses are by fire bar. Dang. Yeah. Oh Joe, maybe it's just me. Talk to me Now. What's wrong with cj? I don't know. He's not playing good. You gonna have, you gonna have a lu now unc, you know that right? You know, baseball playing Ocho. He hadn't played well this year. Ocho, this is not a low. Whoa, whoa. How many interceptions does he have now? Ash? What? What do he got right? He got eight young. Eight. Eight or seven? Nah. Okay, I'm off down.


I'm off by one. He got 14 touchdowns. Ocho Would you, would you, would you consider, would you consider this a sophomore Slump Ocho, they play 12 games. He has 14 touchdowns. You heard me? Would you consider this a sophomore slump as a quarterback? I? Don't know. I, I guess look, the thing that that's most impressive that you about great players Ocho, is that even when they get tape on you, you still have to account for, see I was very fortunate. I played against Reggie White with three different tee with three different regimes.


I played him against him in 92 and we circled him on the board, right? I played against him in 93. We circled him on the board. I played him in 96. We circled him on the board. I played him against in the Super Bowl in nine seven. We circled him on the board. You don't think they have Philmont Peyton? Yeah. Yeah. Brady, Mahomes, Lamar and I get it. You know, Nico missed what, four weeks Spring injury. The old line hasn't been playing. Well, it hasn't been playing well either. CJ Stride been getting, he's been getting hit a lot at at at quarterback getting hit a lot. He just, I think it's also Something.


Something's off. Something's off. I don't know if he's injured but something is off. He just doesn't look as confident as he did last year. Now the one thing that you can't do, you can't talk, Hey, you can talk about it, but you gotta go out there and be about it. There have been a lot of great one. There have been a lot of guys that's had one great season on show. Can you put 'em together? Can you do it back to back? Can you do it back to back to back? Can you do it for four years? Can you do it for five years? Can you do it for six years? How many, how many times you seen guys go have a great season, go to the Pro Bowl Ojo, be an all pro. He'll be able to put it back to back.


But also if you look at, if you look at the Texans in the entirety of the season up to this point and see why he's been throwing the intercepts. You know, his decision making is not as sharp as it was last year with the ball getting hit upside the head every time he dropped back. Being rushed, not being able to go through his progressions, you know, missing a Nico Collins Diggs being out, you know, it's there there, there're factors that are going in. Why the season's going the way it is so far this year for him, you know, from a statistical standpoint, right? Doesn't look like it did. I think why It doesn't look like it did last year with the historic run he had as a rookie. I mean there, there've been some things that have happened.


So, you know, he hasn't been able to, he hasn't been able to Overcome them. Me personally. Me personally, Ocho I think the digs is, is is less because he's only been playing with him for three months. Nico Collins, that's the guy that he has the relationship with. That's the guy that helped him win offensive Rookie of the year. That was the, Nico Collins was a Pro Bowl player last year. He's a very talented young receiver. He's tremendous. Can play through contact, can make tough contested catches. He's great run after the catch, he can get behind the team tank. Dale is another one that's played. That's, that's, that's, that's really good. He only had three catches today and they didn't run the ball particularly well. They only had 17 attempts. But hey Tennessee's defense is good now.


They good now. Will Lever sometimes puts him in the arm way. He turn the Ball over a lot. But you see I pick six boy, I know the coach be wanting to put his foot in his ass. Yeah, I been, oh, I'm like, bro, everybody knows when they see you line up like that. If two people running the sled, they know the first land is the clear the guy, he not gonna go, he going to mate you. It's the same thing that got Brady with the Super Bowl Alpha. He ba I I'm go, no I'm not. I'm gonna go right here, come Off and go, go get it. Go right, Go right number two and you gonna hit, you gonna hit me right here and if I catch it, I'm going to the house. But if you look at Simon's and you look at some of those guys, man, they can get after your quarterback.


Now they can get after your quarterback. Harold Landry, they got, they got some really, really, really good talented players on the defensive side of football. You look at one kid, guy, tight end caught a pass, 70 yard touchdown. Westbrook caught a air 38 yard touchdown. It was the big plays that was really killing the Texans. And Pollard, you got him boxed up. You got him for a four or five yard loss. Somehow he comes out of that for a 27 yard game. How many times did it look like they had him behind the line of, he got outta that and he's getting first down, he's getting 5, 6, 7 yards. You gotta fit.


You gotta get the guy. It's not good enough to get there. You gotta get the guy on the ground. I mean, if, if you could, if you force the team to shoot the ball, the possession don't stop. Don't, doesn't end until you get the rebound. If you forced him into a bad shot and they grabbed the rebound, what the hell have you done? Well, if you get there, you get, you got the guy hemmed up and you don't get him on the ground behind the line of scrimmage when you got an opportunity, what have you done? Damn Texas. Gotta make a decision to Texas look and this division, It's still up for grabs, ain't it? Well, yeah, if, if, if the coach can put something together, No. Yeah. Look, The col look, the coach, look, they played the lion.


They consistent, they Played the lions and Richardson made some throws, but there are some throws that he missed. He had period wide open for touchdown and the old shot. Listen, very inconsistent, UNC very inconsistent. You know, when throwing the ball, whether it be shore routes, intermediate routes, throwing stuff that is under, under 12. Under 12 under 12 and, and five and six yards. And I'm talking unc throwing, throwing bullets like bullet. You had learn to every, you can't throw everything You got. I I call, I call it. I mean listen Now they used to say, say you you gotta be able to be a thrower of the ball. Yes, you gotta be a throw of the ball. You know, there, there are multiple, multiple ways you can throw it, man, to get it in there. Make it a catchable ball all the time for your receivers.


It done everything. Don't have to be a goddamn bullet man. Yes, the Texans offense in the second half O your 54 yards, three points, four, first down, never crossed midfield and 40% pressure rate allowed. Now you see teams believe now if we heat CJ up, we can call them some Problems. Yeah. When your offensive line is playing bad like that, you, you can heat him up and call him some problems because Bri bringing heat last work, bringing heat last didn't Work well. Well damn. How many offensive linemen did they, are they without Now because it look like the same offensive line though. I mean, Chad, am I off? So who, who did they lose offensive line wise?


Hey It's oh Joe, it's okay to CJ We can't So let, lemme ask you a question. So Daniel Jones, we gonna put that on the offensive line? Oh, they bad too, bro. Yeah. Okay, we gonna put that offensive line in the Jets because we saw it with Donald. We saw it with Zack Wilson. Now we skip that Rogers. So is that the line? So because every time a quarterback plays bad, we can't keep blaming the line. We can't keep shaping the blame. Now just CJ said it himself, he's not playing well, hold on. He's not, I'm not saying the offensive line not adding to it, but we can't place all this at be, That's why I not playing well at all. But I said also the officer line in their play in allowing c sau to continue to get hit. Matter of fact, let me ask you a question.


I not sure what the stat is. What quarterback has been sacked the most in the NFL? Who's been sacked the most? Watch This. Hell, Mahomes. Mahomes is up there too. Why you boy driving? Did you see Mahomes running for his life? Yeah, I think he got sacked four or five times today. Caleb Williams is sacked the most. Didn't cj Okay. He yo CJ second. Okay. Yeah. Where's Mahomes? Or hey, they had Mahomes, Mahomes had to pick, pick him up and put him down, don't you? You know, he got one long run at every game.


Listen, you know, you know, you know what that is, right? So you don't, you don't wanna hit the quarterback. You think he going outta bounds and every day, instead of going outta bounds, he he cut it up the field and keep on going, Hey, well you gonna go out of bounds 'cause I'm coming to knock hell at you. Because if you remember, they, they find, hold on. They, they, somebody who did I, the guy was going out of bounds and the guy hit him and they called a, a a a personal foul. I said, so what you think I'm supposed to let him leisurely walk, run outta pounds? I'm trying to knock The game. His block Off the game is different. The DAMing different than the quarterbacks or some quarterbacks, especially Mahomes are taking advantage of the rules. Yeah, well I know he's not gonna hit me, right.


So I'm gonna get on, I'm, I'm gonna bend this corner and look like I'm going outta bound and I'm gonna stay in and cut back in. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Hey, but yeah, look, it looks like they're gonna win this division. And guess what? When you win your division, guess what up Soto. You get a home playoff game. But if you're not careful, you'll be one and done. Yeah, You'll be one and done. Because any of those teams, any of the teams, I mean, because guess what you might get Baltimore. Yeah. Is that what you really want? Is that what you really want Show I don't that Exactly.


You might get Burg. Is that what you want? I don Won't that either. I don Joe, the fans demolished the Patriots 34 15 Jared Miller. The hot water for what he said after the game on the Patriot mistake and performance. Look at, once those guys crossed the white lines, there's nothing I can do. Fuck Them. I mean, listen, it is not, it's not Listen, you got like, You can't say that though. You got Wednesday, you got Thursday, you got Friday, you got walkthrough Saturday you prepare. He's done everything again. You have meetings. You got meetings on top of meetings. You have a meeting about a meeting based on the team. You planned. Yeah, you done watch film all goddamn week. He done everything that he can do to prepare you for the goddamn dolphin.


All three phases of the game, offensively, defensively, and special teams. When Sunday comes at one o'clock, there is nothing that Gerard Mayo can do for you. Athena prepare you for your team or that team all goddamn weak. What you mean? He can't say that? That's exactly what he, I mean he telling the truth. That's the problem. Oh Joe, it's okay. I we know, we know that. But you can't say that you the coach, you talking like you a fan or something. You can't say that you are the coach. Hey, Hey listen, he telling the truth though. I know you, I know, I know you gotta be pc I know. Say stuff like that. But you know it very, it's refreshing to hear coach tell a goddamn truth for a change.


Yeah. IIII just then I can't do nothing for you. I can't do nothing for you. So, But when, when y'all didn't play well, you couldn't go out there and say, well man car. Oh, that mean now you know, you know About whoa, it being refreshed. You Know, you know I'm not crossing that line. I, I, I'm, I was in, I wasn't in a position to be able to cross that line for one. I was already the villain. I already tow the line and I already pushed the envelope. Now I definitely ain't Finn open my mouth and say no craziness like that. I know whereve draw the line at, But there, there are times that your offense didn't play well or the defense didn't play well or maybe you guys weren't as prepared as you needed to be. You just bite the bullet, say we need to play better, we'll play better next week.


Give that team credit. You know, they came, they executed better than we did. Right. They took care of, they handled their business, but hey, we, we learned from it and we move forward. But there's something, bro, you Coach. Yeah. Yeah. There's supposed to be, there's supposed to be always something you could do to help the team. Right. Whether you can't or you can't, you say there's something we knew. Do we need to do a better job of coaching them up. We got out play today. We got our coach today. But now we'll go back and look at the tape, we'll see what we did good, which wasn't much. There are things that we can improve upon, which is a lot. And we'll get better. That's what practice is for. Yeah.


We'll learn from the mistakes that we made. We'll coach 'em up better, they'll play better and we'll be better from it. Damn, I sound like a Coach. You, you know, you know there's one thing I I will say, one thing I can say for the Patriots, for the fans for Gerard Mayo. They found, they, they found their quarterback of the future. I can tell you that. Oh yeah, for Sure. Hey, that goddamn Drake may boy, but he nice, he the real deal they found they goddamn quarterback. I don't care what Gerard Mayo said today. There's one thing I know as a fan, as as a Patriot fan, you can feel, you can feel good about your quarterback situation. All you gotta do is Bill around him. You gonna be all right. Yep, be right. I like it. I liked him.


Now you gotta get him some more weapons though, Ojo. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I'm surprised they didn't run the above. You look, Miami is, is getting hot at the right time. Tour 29 or 43 17 4 touchdowns clean game. They turn it over. Jalen Waddle broke out of his slump. Eight four buck 44 a touchdown. John New Smith nine for 87. A touchdown back to back week. Now he got three touchdowns in the past two weeks. Devon Ahan, a chan, a chan, a chan A Chan Chan. Yeah, Chan a chan three for 24. He only had 24 yard ago. Joe. Two tubs though. But I thought two threw the ball exceptionally well today. Hey, he did a great job. You only got sacked twice. Hey, They gotta, they got get the dog going, man, I ain't letting Chee pick.


Hey, they gotta give him a dog cheetah going, man. They they got, they gotta do something. They got, they listen man, put him in the backfield, put him at running back. I don. I don't know. Do something, do whatever you need to do Mike Butane. You are very creative. You're very creative coach. Yeah, but man, we, we can't have a season like we had last year with Cheetah. And then obviously we obviously we know God damn tour Ms. Gaines, but man, nah man, forget that man. I'm trying to get, I'm trying to get Cheetah ball in any way possible. But I wanna, man, I want you, you gotta keep young bull happy over there man. 'cause you know what they do? They love to use the instances like this where the numbers don't look like they did lashing. The first thing they talk about. Well we think you'd done lost a step. No I didn't.


But they just gave, they just gave a contract on. They just gave me, I understand that. You know, you know what they'll do to you after just gimme your contract. That don't mean nothing. Understand this business and how this business works, you know, Go ahead, go ahead and release me. I take my ass right back to Kansas City. The 18 May 8th There. There he go. Oh yeah. Right. That's the last thing. Do you want him back in Kansas City with, with, with, with Holmes? Because you might as well just put, put a goddamn trophy on the man right now. Exactly. Because now you going have him worthy, you know, they just added a Tyquan Thornton to the, so now you got 4, 2, 1, you got 4, 2 7 and you got 4, 2 9. That's nasty.


Hey There, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Chiefs escaped Carolina with the last second win tied in Noah Greg. Two touchdowns, which is the most yards of separation of chiefs receiving a touchdown in the past two seasons. He was wide open, needless to say, after weeks of carried the offense, Steve Spanos crew hit the November law for consecutive week. KC Defense allow 325 plus yards. We knew it was gonna happen. O Joe, I'm, look, I've been, I've been a part of a historic defense, but there are games that if we didn't play our absolute best offensively, we would've lost. That's what Kansas City had to do today. They turnovers it probably would've cost, it probably would've lost the game.


Mahome was 27 to 37, 2 69, 3 touchdowns got sacked five times though. Noah Gray four catches 66 yards, two touchdowns. Travis Kels like, man, y'all over here doubling and triple B and he eating every week. He get a to, he had two last. He got what? He had two today. He had one last, I think he had like two last week. He got about five or six touchdowns. Hey, that, that, that's the Kelsey effect. He not letting you beat me. I'm not, I'm not. But the offensive line man. Man, it seems like I don't know. Maybe, maybe it's my television, but it seems like every time Mahomes dropped back, he went for his life.


He is let's I That left tackle Disrespect. But the tackle play is very bad. Huh? The tackle play is very bad. I tell you what if the 49 ERs, if the 49 ERs let Dub gone Trent treat P Dub Kansas City better back the brain, You know, they gonna back it up. Even at his age, he still one of the best. He, he, Mike, he, he, he, Mike PD Best Left Tackle He premier. He's still that boy. Yeah, he's still him. I mean, 'cause they tried, they tried to, they tried to get him in Fred City, in Kansas City. You know, he's familiar.


You know, he's familiar with Kyle. He played for Mike. So he's familiar with that situation. But I think I, I, I think Ocho with an opportunity. He wants an opportunity. He wants to win. He wants to win that Super Bowl and Kansas City. As long as you got that quarterback and you got that coach, you got a chance. I think they're better positioned than the 49 ERs. That's just me personally. I could be wrong, but can you imagine him and left tackle protecting that blind side? The Jets could reportedly release Aaron Rogers the season. Oh, in season. Say it again. Say it again. Repeat that again. Now. Rewind. Now rewind it again. Rewind it again. Go ahead. Rewind it. Play the Jets. Could reportedly release Aaron Rogers in season.


Rogers wants to play in 2025. Whoa. Or not with the Jets. Timeout. Timeout, man. Timeout. Timeout. Hold on, let get my flag. Lemme get my, lemme get my flag. There's a flag on the plate. Lemme get the flag. All right, I got my flag. I know it, I know it's white, but we gonna pretend it's yellow. I just threw, okay. I just, I just threw the flat Giving up. Hold on, Hold on. Okay. Me, You. Where? Okay, where is she going? What the Call? Petty. You know what's funny when it comes to a quarterback like this with a resume like this, even though the NFL is all about what have you done for me lately?


What Aaron Rods said, you know what? And desperate is teams are to have a quarterback. I wouldn't be surprised if he gets an opportunity after what he just said. If they do release him, if the jet do release him and start over as far as searching for a quarterback, Aaron Rogers will get a job simply because of what he's done in the past. They gonna hold onto that. They gonna hold onto the For how many, how many times? MVP four. If I'm not four sheep, four. He's won the Super Bowl, man. Oh, Joe ain't gonna get another chance. Super. Diana Rossini. Diana Rossini, right? When she talks about the Jets. Yeah, let's listen. What she has to say.


I'm told Johnson has lost confidence in Rogers ability to lead the team to the playoffs for the first time in 14 years. A drought that now stands as the longest and major North American Professional Sports League. There are some on the team who believe everyone is simply tip torn around the fact Rogers isn't the same player anymore. Some around the league say they won't be surprised if Rogers is cut in the season. As far as Ro Rogers, his relationship with the owner has been strained for months. That's not a secret in the building or the locker room at this point. After conversation with, so with the, my understanding is Roger Stan still wants to play in 2025.


I like it. Just not with the Jets. I like, I like it, but I don't like it. I like it. But I don, I don't like it. 'cause I wanna break down. I wanna, I wanna break down the other 31 teams. There are many teams that don't even need a quarterback. What teams can Aaron Rogers go to? No. Can make a difference where you couldn't make a difference when you're in New York. They gave you the players you wanted. They gave you everything. They gave everything Wanted. You won Azar, you got Brie Hall. I mean, come on now. What we doing? Remember Ocho last year? Remember last year they got a what you call final card for him And then, and if, if he is to go to a team, it has to be a team where he doesn't have to do much because his supporting cast can hold him up.


He can't go to a team that has less talent and make them better. He he's somebody to uplift him for the longest time. Right? He could uplift other, play other his Yeah. Time to Change can no longer do that. Time to change. So, but there's nowhere for him to go. Unc there's nowhere for him to go. Like if, if you think about it, it's nowhere for him to go. Where, where are you going? Tell me. So we both though, Man, I think listen, a Aaron, Aaron boy, you, but you got, you better focus and lock in. You better, you better focus on lock in. 'cause you gonna be on the outside looking in in a minute, Bro.


Football, Ben stopped being important to Aaron Rogers. Y'all can feel what y'all wanna say. Aaron Rogers Ben and football was the la football gave him ability to have the cachet to talk about all the other stuff that he carried to talk about. Y'all know this. Y'all see it, y'all see the man demeanor. Y'all see his behavior. Y'all saw the way he conducted himself. Football didn't stopped being important to Aaron Rogers. Yeah, he's one of the few. He's one, he, you know, Aaron Rogers has what, what, what Most don't what most, mostly all quarterbacks do. He has privilege and he's one of the few s he had that privilege. He abuses that privilege and the power that he has because of what he's done in the NFL, the few that does it, you know? Yeah. Nobody else would be able to get away with some things.


Unc, can you imagine you no forget you because you, you follow the rules. I, let's say me who been through rules and always told the line no and never crossed it. Can you imagine if I said, you know what? I'm not going to mini cap. I'm going on a retreat because I already had something planned. What can you imagine? Yeah, I could. Ima hey. Yeah, I could imagine they'd done find you cut you. She said, what the hell you talking about? That's what happened. Hey, All I know is that Antonio Brown didn't go to a team meeting and they cut him. They had a meeting and they had a walkthrough in the ballroom.


He didn't show up and they cut it downplay. They downplayed certain people or, or extended or, But see y'all see y'all, y'all get upset with me when I, when I tell, when I tell the truth. See, my thing is, I don't know why anybody would question, right? Because y'all see, I call it right down the middle. It doesn't matter if you Aaron Rogers or Tom Brady. Peyton Mattie or, or Lamar Jackson or, or or Patrick Mahomes. If I think if I, if I see it, I'm just gonna be honest. I've been telling you guys for the longest, Aaron Rogers is an arrogant, condescending, flippant. He blames everyone he takes no responsibility on for himself.


He's been that he's always been bad, but that he won MVPs. Yeah. So everybody overlooked it. Now he can no longer be an MVP. Everybody said what I've been saying for years. Yeah, but, but you, you know, when you had that kind of, when you had that kind of resume like Aaron Rogers, when you had that kind of success for so long, you know, when you're a franchise quarterback like that and when you're a Super Bowl champion, you extended a different type of grace, especially Yes. See at the quarterback, yes. But you are Yes. There. Yes, absolutely. Abs ab absolutely. Yes sir. But I ocho one of the things say, boy, if you not careful, you'll become the very thing you despise the most in a person he despised the way Brett fav treated him.


Did he not turn around and become the very thing he despised the most? Yeah. Yeah. He what? Lord have mercy. See y'all don't wanna listen to me. Oh, unc talk Unc like he, well see I don know what he talking about. See y'all say talk a lot. Y'all don't really be saying I don't know what I'm talking about because when it come to fruition, the first thing, you so old captain obvious. Well, why did you say it if it was so obvious you could have said it. Yeah. Look how he got outta there. He didn't want to come to me Caps, he wanted everything to be his way. Isn't that what Brett Pbe? Isn't that why they got Brett Farber found out there? Now, where did Brett Pbe go when he left Green Bay? Tell the people, mocho, the New York.


Jets Ocho tell the people, how long did Brett Pbe stay in New York? And we Hey, hold On, hold on. Where'd he go? Ne where'd he go next? So are, are we saying that Aaron Rods is probably gonna be them in Minnesota? I don't know how And they just, they got JJ McCart McCarthy. No, McCarthy. They got JJ McCarthy. Yeah. No. And he's already missed a year, right? You're not gonna sit him back another year. No. And I've drafted a quarterback. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not. What is Aaron Rogers gonna do? And most he plays a year and you think I'm gonna pass on a quarterback for a year. Are we sure he can elevate my team that just thought he could? How'd that work out for them? They gave up draft capital and they're worse off than they were when they had rock.


When they had Zach Wilson, when they had Sam Donald. Right? When they have whomever else they had at quarterback. Bro, you're not getting a Tom Brady Indy. Wait, you're not getting a fake fan. Wait, wait. He change His mindset. What if he changed his approach to the game? Or it's too late. It's too late. Can't he ocho how you do something for 20 years and you won MVP and you won a Sue Bowl, you change your mindset. Tom Brady couldn't change his mindset if he could because he still had that underdog mentality. All he saw himself as accomplished as he was, was a sixth round draft pick that nobody wanted until the sixth round.


That's all he ever saw himself. He always felt I gotta go in and prove that I I can make the, I gotta make the team, even though after one Super Bowl, two Super Bowl, three Super Bowl, M-V-P-M-V-P-M-V-P, super Bowl, super Bowl, super Bowl, super Bowl. I've got to prove it. P Manning every year. Prove it. Prove it, prove it. It's always been about him. Damn. He's always been condescending. He's always been flippant. He's always been arrogant. He's always been aloof. You overlooked it because he is winning MVPs now. He the same player. You don't ch you don't change. When you lose, you don't change.


See, losing doesn't change who you are. It reveals who you are. That's what losing does. It reveals your, it it don't build character. It reveals it. It's like just like, it's like anger. Just like anger and, and just like someone, someone that drinks. Finally, you finally get to see some yes colors when they're angry with they tell you how they really Yes. And people like, oh, he got money, he changed. No, money doesn't change you. It makes you more of what you already are. You don't get money and become generous.


You don't, that's always in you. You don't get money and become a jerk. You always been a jerk, but you are money because you didn't have the, the, the, the power and the money to be a, a, a, a asshole. So that's what money will allow you to do. People that are, that have money and that are nice and respectful, they've always been that way. I guarantee you, you go look at anybody and they'll tell you, I don't need to call no name, but when they got money, I say, well, they been that way. But if we on the same level, how can I be a real jerk when we on the same level?


Yeah, but let me get a little advantage over you. Hey, listen, money, money, money does some strange things that people are, it dust does strain. It is just, it does some strain strains. It's, it is hard to remain yourself. You know, you get it. But if you are able to control it and don't allow it to control you, it's a beautiful thing. The Volume


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer attorney is underway and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. There are some massive games coming up, including Byron versus PSG on Tuesday, November 26th, followed by what is likely to be the biggest matchup of this stage. Liverpool versus Real Madrid on Wednesday, November 27th. Stream every match. Live on Paramount Plus, the home of the UA four Champions League. You can try it free today at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. Iheart open your free Iheart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.