
This is an iHeart podcast.


When Ram won its first MotorTrend truck of the year, it was celebrated. But after seven times, what's left to say? The trophy speaks for itself. And now so does the deal with employee pricing. Plus, stop by your local dealer today and take home a RAM truck Ram seven time MotorTrend truck of the year. Nothing stops Ram offer valid on select 2024 and 2025 rams for non FCA employees and retirees. $200 admin fee applies. Not all buyers will qualify. Restrictions apply. Does not apply to leases. See deliver details. And 6 30 25 RAM is a registered trademark of F-C-A-U-S-L-L-C, The volume.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own Bal Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowler All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And we have a very special guest joining us tonight from Grand Valley State. Four time Pro Bowl, pro bowler Baltimore, Raven, new England Patriots, Atlanta Falcons. He's a currently a free agent, Matthew Juah Mack, thank you for joining us, bro. We'll get to you in just a second. Yes, sir. Appreci, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button. And guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


Thank you guys for your support and your continued support because thanks to you, Ocho and I are able to do what we do. Nightcap all the awards that we've won, all the awards that we've been nominated for is because of your eyes, your ears, and your word of mouth. And we can't personally thank you enough. So thank you again for your support and your continued support. Please make sure you go check out Shane by La Porter. We do have it in stock tonight. And if you're in Atlanta, go by and trek out. Sears Suckers and Sundresses. We have a booth there. My team is there and you'll get an opportunity to sample it if you're in Atlanta. The Sears Sucker and Sundress event is going on right now, and I think they have something going on again tomorrow. But if you can't find shade by La Portier in a city or a state near you, ordered online.


But best believe we are coming to a city in a state near you in the very near future. It is the best tasting premium VSOP cognac on the market. Don't take my word for it, try it for yourself. I promise you, you will not be disappointed. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go God, follow my media company page on all of his platforms. Shehe Media, Shehe Media, and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pending in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. As I mentioned at the top of the show, we have Matthew Judon joining us tonight.


Matthew, as I spoke at the top that you are free currently a free agent right now. So what is the, what are the next steps? What is, what is in the future for Matthew Judon coming To Cincinnati, but go ahead. Well, sure. If I came to Cincinnati, man, what they going to do? They gotta, they gotta get a tre, right? Don't they? Yeah, Babe. Yeah. So, but right now, I'm, I'm chilling. You know how to, You know how the league go? Not for long, You know, I had fun and so right now I'm just chilling. So if I, if I get a call, I'm working out, I'm doing everything I need to do to be in shape, ready for a camp or a call at any day.


But, You know, it, it a lot, a lot of stuff not up to me. So I'm doing what I can do. Well, let, listen, I, I, go ahead, Ocho. Oh no, I, I'm gonna say, listen, I, I didn't watch you over the years. I know what you could do. The product on itself, your resume speaks for itself. You're gonna get that call most of the time. When you, when you are at this point in your career and, and you waiting, do you have a preferred destination or would you, would you, would you just wanna play football or do you, would you rather go to a contender? I, after last year, I just wanna play football. You know, I just wanna, wanna just get back out there and be able to be me, do me. And so, You know, keep, keep going forward, rushing the passer, things like that.


But, You know, everybody always got a preferred destination when you kind of get at this stage in your life, You know, you wanna win games, you don't want to just go out there to compete. You know, I'm not really building a resume no more. I'm trying to win a championship. I want to, I wanna compete at the highest level. You think about it, Matthew, or like you said, you're waiting for that call, but what if that, how long are you willing to wait? Are you willing to go a couple of games a week, a month into the season before you receive that call somebody get injured? Obviously if somebody gets dinged or nicked in training camp, that call might come sooner than later. Yeah. But how long are you willing to wait for that call?


You know, you, you just, you just wait. You know, I don't, I'm not retired. I don't feel like I'm retired anytime soon. So right now I'm just waiting. So if it's, if it is, You know, week 15, weeks 16 of the season, You know, I'll be ready. I'm always gonna work out. Right. You know, I'm always going. I'll find me something to do different every year. So right now I'm, I'm big into Pilates and then I, I I got a roll bike that'll be riding. So it, I'm never going to be not in shape. But You know how it is with football, You know, you gotta Football shape, be in the shape is something entirely different. You, you gotta get your body condition and taking hits, getting back up the bruising.


So, You know, I, I won't never get that condition. You only can get it in football, so. Right. I mean, when, whenever they call, I'm gonna be ready whenever. Hey, You know, one of the things that I always like and I always find interesting is asking players that are not towards the end of their career, but, but obviously in a situations like this where you're actually waiting on the call to come and before, do you have any other passions or hobbies that you're really enthusiastic about that? If I'm just saying, hypothetically speaking, if that call doesn't come, You know what, finally I can go into that second stage of life and focus on whatever said hobby or dream it is of yours outside of, Oh, You know, I really, like I said, I, I really stayed working out kind of mostly through my whole career.


Yeah. And, and I never wanted to be gone for too long. 'cause I'd be like, I'm always thinking like I gotta be ready in shape, but if I don't, if I don't get that call and You know, it ain't, it ain't for me. It's not renting cars. I'm gonna travel. I'm getting up out the, I I'm getting up out the us I'm going to, I'm going to see some different things. Right. This, earlier this summer, I went to South Africa. Mm. Okay. So how was that man? It was nice. It was beautiful. And You know, I'm a, I'm into nature and hikes, so we hiked me and one of my best friends from high school, we hiked Tabletop Mountain.


And so, You know, I'm, I'm gonna start doing that. I'm gonna start doing that. Yeah. And then did you, Did, did you go on a safari? Did you go to the Vaga Mountains? I mean, did you do anything like see anything? See big five. So, so I got a, I got a video. All right. Okay. And, and the, the safari man was kind of, he was playing, but I got a video and he talking about the elephants as they walking in. 'cause we was on the little reserve where they keep the elephants enclo, but they free is huge. And the elephant walking right towards me, I'm talking about if this man don't move the vehicle, I'm about to get stepped on. And so we just, we just right there and he not the vehicle off.


He not moving the vehicle. And at the last minute, like he turned it on and moved, but I got a vid. I got a video. Like I had to get up outta there. Like I'm, I'm running from an elephant, I'm about to get stepped on. But, You know, just, just seeing, just seeing that type of stuff and it's up close in person. Yeah. Man. Like the world. Beautiful. It is the nature, all that stuff. And so I, I like to do that more. And then y'all got four kids, so just traveling with them Yeah. To see, to see those animals in their natural habitat. Yeah. Not even an enclosure like at the zoo. Right. But to see them in their natural habitat and to see how they interact with the other animals, obviously it's a prey.


It's a, it's a prey and a predator environment. It's it's all about survival. Exactly. It's all, it's about 'em. The Serengeti. Yeah. Lemme ask you this, my, you have a very, look, you started out with the Ravens, then you go to the Patriots and then you go to Atlanta. If you don't mind share because you, I mean, not a whole lot of people get an opportunity to play for the Raven, You know, play for Ravens and the Patriots. And we know how, You know, a lot of times it came down to, in the playoffs, they kicked the Patriots outta the playoffs. Patriots kicked the Ravens outta the playoffs and they end up in, in, in, in Atlanta. Can you give a little insight to the differences in, in the culture and, and and, and what's going on? Like say from Baltimore to New England and then Atlanta when you had Raheem?


Yeah, man, I mean, I think, I think I was blessed to play with like three different great coaches and they all different in they own ways. And I think the more lax and down to earth coach was a rock. And You know, I felt like I was able to talk to him and connect with him on a different level. 'cause I'm a, I'm a veteran in, in this and kind of just how, how we talk and how we talk as men. And so that was, that was different. But going to the Patriots locker room and playing alongside Devin and Hightower and You know, Calvin no, and, and Jamie Collins and, and just people like that.


You know, I, I didn't get the time, so I was in the post Tom Brady era. Right. But you see how those, those kind of players that played with him or played in that re regime, how they work ethic was different than so many other people. And not saying that I ain't play with like, good players at Baltimore, but just those type of players, I learned a lot, a lot from them. And then I also learned a lot from like Matt Slater. I don't know if y'all ever got to man, if you, if you, man Slate was there. Slate was there when I was there. Man. Slate, slate, slate been there. He, he a cornerstone of that franchise and people like that.


And how, how they prepare, how they work and how they keep their bodies, right. They, they there from almost before the sunrise until the sun is set. And then, and then when you see 'em with their families. And so it, it was just amazing to see something like that. And, and I know that the younger players that came through there, they learned so much from Bill, but they learned so much more from the culture of the locker room and how the locker room was ran and, and how and how like the bill didn't have to keep the ship tight because everybody else in front of you was, and but then, and, and then playing with under Bill Belichick, it's like, You know, he, he kept, he kept young, he kept young coaches around him because he know, I think he knew that he wasn't never gonna connect with the players like the younger coaches, but, but him just as like, getting in front of the meeting and just kind of his mannerisms and, and You know, his kind of jokes and, and how he was and his knowledge of, I, I mean, I think, I think he know everything about everything.


Like you, you ask, you ask him about it. I mean, he might know. He, he know a little more about the game than we do, like the girls than we do. He pulling, he pulling whatever he want. So, so, so Bill like, like he, he know everything about everything and he, and on Monday he gonna tell you how the game go. He, how the, how the game gonna go for Sunday. And then he going, he gonna script it out the all week and then, and then, You know, after win lose or draw, he gonna have the same mentality. So I really respected that from him. And then the Ravens like I was a baby.


I was, You know, I got, I got trained, I got trained by Ress. I, You know, You know, I, I got to, I got to play with Steve Smith, Mike Wallace, Crabtree, You know, some guys that, You know, I, I just watched growing up, watched getting into the game. I got to, I got to play with little Darius Webb. And then I still, I still got friends, like, like true genuine friends. We talk every day from, from that team. And so, so it it, it was just different. It was just different. It's different at different stages of my career, You know, at one point in time, You know, I never made plays in the NFL then one point, then at the next, the next stage, You know, You know, they, like, I have to make plays.


I I'm getting paid, I got paid to make plays. And then, then I went through a trading period. I got traded, You know, they traded me on my birthday too. Like, kind of crazy. But yeah, so, but got traded and then coming into a locker room trying to, trying to see like how you fit in where they see you as in the last year of my contract. So you like, you like, shit, is y'all gonna keep me around? Pay me. But You know, it it, it was just different parts of the locker room. And then I, I think I got to play like with one of the greatest quarterbacks that's ever going gonna play Lamar.


Like, I never, I never say nothing bad about a, like, like anytime I speak about him, it's gonna be highly, and, and I think he know that. But when it, when it come down to it, I think he gonna be one of the best to ever do it. Are you, oh, do You wish the situation had played out differently, the way the situation ended in New England? Do you, do you look back and said you could have done something differently, handled it differently, they could have handled it differently. What would you, if you could go back now, knowing what You know now, what would you like to re what would you like to redo? What would the redo be? What would the do I, You know, I ain't know.


I ain't really no big redo pe person, but I do play stuff back in my mind though. Like, okay, You know, like, like do I, do I have to say this? Like, it was, was it necessary? But I feel like in the moment, man, we human. Like if somebody, if somebody not treating you like that, like it ain't never gonna go, it ain't never gonna go over will with me. Like, I, I gotta say something. I gotta say something. So that's just me. But I would've made sure I never left New England. I would've made sure I never left Boston. The connections in Boston, like, I don't think it's, I don't think it's no other place like it, You know, from the, the Bruins to the Celtic to the red side.


Like, like I, like I know players from each team, You know, and, and we cordial. It's, it is not like no big ups or nothing. And, and, and we cordial and just from the people down on Newberry Street to the restaurants, like when you, when you down there and you're you in it, like you, you, you, the musician, you, the, you, the, You know, the, the, the, the man, the, the man in high school like that. Like, that's how I feel. Like when you in Boston, you playing well and you are a part of New England.


Like when you are a part of that, like it's not nowhere. You can't go that you want, you would feel like, oh, I ain't supposed to be here. Everything welcome and everything open. So you, I would, I would've made sure I never let the building up. All right, let's get into this NFL news guys. The Steelers have found their starting quarterback. Aren Rogers put pen to paper on a one year deal. He signed a one year $13.65 million of passing the physical at the team facility on Saturday. Sources told Adam Schefter the deals include 10 million guaranteed, and with incentives can reach 19.5 million ocho.


Let's go to you. Yeah. What do, what do you think, what do you, what are your expectations from Aren Rogers and what will he give the Steelers? Hey, listen, he, what he gives the Steelers, he gives the Steelers hope, he gives the Steelers organization, he gives the Steelers fans, he gives him hope. You look at the A FC North, it is dominated by Lamar Jackson, Joe Burrow. And I'm not sure what the Cleveland situation's gonna look like, but Flacco obviously has has Inside track to start. Yeah, inside track because he is been the a FC North before being in Baltimore and, and having success in Cleveland when he, when he came in the star for Deshaun Watson when he got hurt. So Aren Rogers is better than everything that the Steelers have outside of him at the quarterback position. And that's no disrespect to them, that's no disrespect to Mason Rudolph and whoever else they have there.


They have at the helm. But Aren Rods, if he can show glimpses, just glimpses of what he was once in the past, I think they will be okay. They, they have enough pizzas around him, obviously. DK Metcalf, I'm not sure who the, who, the, who the running back is. They got Austin, yeah, Austin. Austin, I third Austin, I third and I, yeah. And they got Robert Woods. Oh, and Robert Woods is there. He has, he has a nice support and cast around him and you need the support and cast to be on point to make his job easier because Aren Rogers is not in a position again to elevate those around him. He gonna need the help from those he's surrounded by. What do you think Juda, what do you think about this deal? You like, you like it?


Oh, well I, I think, I think the Steelers are like, they, they're, they get hurt from the greatness of Mike to Mike to always gonna have them in contention so they can't go and farm a quarterback from the draft. So I think this, they, I think this they best pick like there's nobody else out there. There's, there's nobody else unless you wanna make a trade, but nobody really trading no good quarterback like that. And so if Aren Rogers can come in and complete passes and be good in the locker room and do enough, they gonna be in the playoffs again because just how Mike Tomlin had that physical defense, they always gonna have a great pass rush with, with Cam and tj.


Like, so it's, it's going, it's gonna be hard for them to be bad. They just can't mess it up on offense. The team announced that Rogers will wear the number eight. He wore the same number in New York after wearing 12 in Green Bayit. Terry Bradshaw wore number 12 and though it's not officially retired, the team doesn't typically give out that number. I think Joe Green 75, I think Ernie Stouter 70, I think those, I think it's like three numbers that are officially, officially retired. But I don't think they've, they've given out like 32, whatever the number is. Another number that I don't think they've given out 58, 47, like lamb male blunt.


But there are certain, You know, obviously from that steel curtain era in which they won four Super Bowls in six years, some of those guys have numbers and even though they're not officially retired, no one I don't think has worn those numbers since. But I know I think Joe Green. Yep. Frank O. Harris. Okay. Ernie Stouter D tackle his number's retired 70 Joe Green, 75 Franco Harris, 32 number's not officially retired, but not reissued. Terry Bradshaw's 12, Troy Polamalu 43, Jack Lambert's 58, Jack Ham 59, Ani Dawson 63 and number 86 Hines Ward, Well 86 retired Is not retired, but they haven't reissued it.


They haven one since Hinz left. You know, the, You know, also, You know, Aren Roy ate at, at at New York, but You know, he was ate at Cal too now at Ate at Cal. Yeah. Yeah. Cal, he, he was eight. So hopefully he can get some of that, some of that, that, that Cal Berkeley magic back in his system. Right. You know, to help those Steelers out because listen, if if, If he, that's a very tough division at the top. Yeah, listen, you got you. Yeah. You got the Ravens and in Cincinnati. Yeah. Yeah. If he doesn't play well, if he doesn't play well, You know, players get coaches fired now. Yeah. And Tom could be on the hot seat for making, obviously he had, he had them wait, he had the whole organization waiting. He's coming and obviously he signed because they got mini camp coming up very soon. Mandatory mini camp.


And he wants to be a part of that, which is also a good thing. That's a good sign that lets, that lets me know that he's buying in as opposed to what he did last season out there in New York. So that's a good thing. But I think if they have a bad season, You Think, you think Mike Tomlin on hot seat? Nah, him, Excuse me. Nah, he just signed, didn't he just sign an extension? What'd That mean? That don't matter. What'd that mean? They pay that all, every, every year. Oh, They, they listen, they, they were, they was already talking about it last year, bro. Talking About Steelers have the Steelers haven't fired a coach since 69. I was born in 68, I'm about to be 57. So they haven't fired a coach in 56 years With, So, and you just said Juah, the man hadn't had a losing season.


He, he never gonna have a losing season. He, he trained him so well. They, they played so hard for Mike Thomas, he never gonna have a losing season. That that's enough. That's enough of just having, just having, just, just, You know, I don't think it's enough because he the one that said the standard is the standard. Well if the standard is getting to and competing for Super Bowl, they hadn't competed for a Super Bowl in a long time. They had nobody thought, even though they make the playoffs oti, man, the Steelers are a threat. When was the last time that someone fought that Steelers would be a threat in the playoffs. But when they had Paul Malu, when they had Ike Taylor, Man Polamalu retired, he in the Hall of Fame. So he had to wait at least five years to get into the hall. So we talking about at least at at the bare minimum five When you, you asked when that's that's, that's when, when they had, when when their identity was their defense.


They hadn't been a serious threat since being, But, but, but they, do you mean did that mean change? Did that mean change? We ain't, we ain't been a serious threat or, or we have been so consistent that we just haven't got the right person. They haven't, they haven't had a quarterback that's theirs since being here. Whose fault is that? Theirs. Consistency. They had an opportunity they could have when they had been Berger and they thought Brent was going to pay play like Tom Brady. You know, he wasn't because he'd been involved in too many crashes. He's taken too much punishment. So what you do is that what good teams do? What, what did Kansas City do?


Draft a quarterback and they still had one on the roster. What did Baltimore do when they had Joe Flacco? You were there. They drafted a quarterback. You see what good team, what did Green Bay do? Draft a quarterback. What did Green Bay do with Aren Rogers draft a quarterback. You see what everybody does? You don't wait. If you wait till your car break down side the road, it's too late. You already stranded. Okay. Alright. But it is that Mike fault. Yeah. Yeah. He, he making a is he making, Making a Well you don't think Mike got no say? Yeah. You don't think Mike got no say. If he say get us a quarterback, give us a quarterback, please get us a quarterback and they don't get us a quarterback. And how y'all gonna get mad at me? And You know, also you give, You give Mike all that, you give all that Mike credit say he never gonna have a, he never gonna have a, in a losing situation.


So who drafting those players? The 3M or Mike Tomlin? Yeah, I mean, I mean I, we don't know what go on in the war room, but you can't, you can't just say, well it is Mike Tomlin. Mike Tomlin will want a quarterback. Matt, Matt, hold on OCHO Matthew, you mean to tell me a man that's been there damn near 20 years? He ain't got no say How long the GM been there? Not before, not as long as Mike Tomlin Have they? I ain't never heard of stealer find no GM or getting a new gm. Hey also, You ever heard of them? I tell you what, you ever heard of them firing a coach? No. Exactly. So my thing is, when you there that long, you have some say you have some sale free, the 53, you have some say in free agency and you d at how long Mike Tomlin been there?


My coach Kyle retired in 2000. They won the Super Bowl in five. He came back in six. So he retired in seven. He been there 19 years. Yeah. You not, there's no coach that's been anywhere for 19 years that does not have say I refuse to believe that. I don't know who the No, hold on, Hold on, Jude. It it, I don't, I don't even think it's about say I'm, I'm thinking about the relationship that Ben Berger might have had with upper management with those. He had A great relationship with Mike Tomlin too. Nah, nah, nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah, nah. No. Because if Mike Tomlin, Mike Tomlin was the head coach, he's been the NFL for a very long time. Yes. Mike Tomlin knows at some point I'm going to have to find your successor.


At some point you look at you, you look at the landscape of the league, those that didn't do it, look what's happening now. Ta The Steelers didn't do It. That's why, that's why I think that the, the calling was above Mike Thomas' pay grade to I disagree. I'm I I I I'm Me. Go. Yo, yo. Hey, your starting quarterback, your franchise quarterback is getting paid more than the coach. Yes. I Guarantee dumb, dumb relationships might be a little stronger than the coach. Even though the coach been there longer. He more tenured. Yeah, I think, Well, I mean, we paying this dude only 17 million a year. We paying this dude 50. We understand that Mike Tomlin had a very strong relationship.


He al he's always had a very strong relationship with his star players. Yeah. We know that based on the history. We know that Ben and when AB was there, and a lot of these other guys, we know how he feels about his great players. But in order to keep this from happening to you, if you do not get a bridge, if you wait till somebody burn your bridge down, how the hell do you get to the other side? Yeah. I gave you examples. Kansas City, Alex Smith was a Pro Bowl quarterback. What did they do Matt? They went and got Joe had won the Super Bowl. Huh? But, but when you, but when you see that, when you see that they went and got what's Buddy from Pick, they went and got Ken Kenny Pickett, Kenny Pick Kenny Pickett, man, Stop playing.


He they got Pick And they have Steven fans picketing out front. No, no, we won't go. So, but we gotta we Gotta put that on somebody. We gotta we gotta put that on somebody. When, when somebody don't turn out in the draft, how you think they, y'all not saying he's a bad player. They didn't like him for the system and they didn't like what he was doing, so they had to move on. Do you put that on the coach or do you put that on the person that selects and pays the players? I think the thing is, is that I believe there are, there are drafts that they had better quarterback options. And that's the thing, you could sit back and say, You know what, next year this quarterback is good, but you have to move.


What did the Green Bay do, Jordan? What did they do with Jordan? Love? How much was they paying Aren Rogers. And they re and after they signed him, they gave him a big deal. Hold on. Why deal He was pissed off. Absolutely. And just like Brett Far was pissed off when they did what? Drafted Aren Rogers. Well, I Mean, yeah, Aren Rogers seen the situation play off. He said he already, he already knew what was in the cards. So he said, all right, y'all not gonna play me how y'all play Brett and just move on. I can't worry about one year. I gotta worry about the next 10, 15 years. So if you just worry about one year and one guy's feelings, you'll be stuck.


All right. All right. In those, in those 19 years, in those 19 years, I mean, what they, I think the only, the only player that would've failed that far to him whi, which is a bad pick, was Lamar. No, it's not that you fall, you move up. Patrick Mahomes, they moved up to get Patrick Mahomes. They moved, they moved up to get Jordan Love. You don't have to stay up. See you looking at a philosophy. Let somebody fall into my lap. No, if there's somebody you move up to go get him. And that's where what I said comes into play. Unc not pissing off your franchise quarterback. I think the relationship with Ben Rothberg and management and GM and president was much stronger than that of whatever Mike Tom might have wanted.


You got, you Think you Mike Tomlin didn't want a quarterback when he realized, Ben, okay, you're not moving the same. Oh Ben, you can't throw the same, or You know, the velocity on the ball is not the same Mike to can see that stuff. Yeah. He didn't have the say so, regardless of being the coach for 19 years to go and get who we wanted. But here's the thing, you still got, you maintain that great relationship. Now how you looking as far, because the Steelers are the, what's the standard for the Steelers? When we think of Steelers, we think of what? Ocho Championship Championship? No, the CAC. No, you think of defense. So you Think, you think of Steel. You Mike Toman, that's his defense. That's, They abandoned that. Who whoever They abandoned that When they got, when they got Ben Berger and they had Antonio Brown and they had Labon Bell, they bend abandoned the defense.


When they had the Triple Bs, they were throwing the ball. Ben Rosenberger's got two 5,000 yard seasons. He's got four or 500 yard games. They've been abandoned that. No, they back to that now. No, they just had, they had a, they had a explosive offense for five, six years. They had like, they had explosive offense. They always had a good wide receiver. They always had a good wide receiver. Somebody that could go get the ball, take the top off. They always gonna have that defense. When you think Steelers, you think hard hit and defense. You know, You know when you hear that, Hey Mama Rock, you hear that? Don't, Hey Rene, You know that defense about to do something. You know that, You know that deep side.


The Now You know it's gonna be cold, rainy, wet. When you go in there, the grass, grass ain't worth nothing. But they defense going to have to come to play. And so if you gonna beat Distillers, you, you have to keep the ball. You have to know how to run the ball and you have to limit explosive plays from their offense. That's all you gotta, that that's how you beat the Distillers. But when's The last time they've had explosive plays from the offense? Ben Ensberg has been gone. Abs been gone. Avon Bell Bing gone. So when have you known the Steelers to have explosive plays? And that's, and that's why, that's why George Pickens left the building. George Pi, George Pickens want to be, he he wanna, he want to dance, he want to, he wanna be in the end zone.


He wanna, he wanna do that. That's why George Pickens left the building. He said, I have, I need, I need to the limelight. I want, I want to see, I want to see how that feel. He want to be Jamar chase. He want, he seen, he seen what that looked like in the division. And he said, I can't get that here. Right. Matthew, thanks for joining us tonight, man. Best of luck. Your free agency. Come back when you, when you get something pencil in, come back and join us and let us know where you're going. All Right, I got y'all. Appreciate It. Appreciate it bro. My Let you do. All right my boy. Go Ocho. Hey. Hey. Huh? Yeah. Hey, before you start like, like real quick, real quick.


I just, I just wanna say something to to you. I'm gonna say it in code a little bit. You understand what I'm saying? Even, even though it's Mike, even though it's Mike, I don't think he has the pull, even though he's the head coach to override piss off the franchise quarterback, stay with Me. He got, he got, he, I I get you what you're saying, but you got more pull to your think Not not, no. Yeah, absolutely, because he's been there so long. But with that, with that centerpiece that been there that long, the Relationship, I'm not saying, I'm not saying, I'm not saying he's got had Bill Belichick pool. No, I'm not saying he got Andy Reed type pool. Bill ran the show. He might have, he might be next in line would've come to pool. Right, Right, right, right. I got you. I got you. We on the same page Because think about it.


They went out, they got Joe Flacco who led them to a Super Bowl. Yes sir. What'd they go do? They traded back into the first round, give up next year's first round pick to get Lamar. Hey, You know you can see it, right? Huh? You know you when your player is declining, yes. Things are the same, especially at the quarter acquisition. You can see it. The funny thing about it is how much do players or how much are they self-aware that they're declining? That a It star it starts slipping. It's hard because Ocho, you don't wanna believe it because you've been great for so long. You don't want to believe it. Yeah. And so you, you lie to Ocho lie To yourself, You lie to yourself, you lie to yourself.


Hey boy, you turn that film on and be like, is that Damn boy? I said, damn, he moving slow. I'm like, oh shit, that's me. I said, man, who man who run like they got on Tim's who run it like they got Tim's on, on the field. Well That camera, that camera, that eye in the sky will embarrass you. Yes. You Yes. Ocho Adam Sand to cast Derrick. But we ain't, we ain't got, I mean we ain't got what you call them. No. Oh, you just wrote that in there.


Nah, nah, that wasn't in there. You just wrote this, this tweet in there. What happened? Where, where, where, where, where, what happened? Yeah. Did Jordan Tuck? Yeah, Jordan Tuck made a good point on Twitter. Imagine moving on from George Pickens thinking the locker room distraction only to end up with Aren Rogers as your quarterback. Well, I mean a Aren Rogers is a different type of distraction. A a a different type of distraction. Now obviously I think he's not gonna cause any problem because his lease is short. Because if you mess no it ain't Here You see his back up. Sorry, his lease long. Hold On, listen. Oh, you mess things up in Pittsburgh. Where's your next destination?


Where's your next? He Don't get home. Oh, okay. Let think about it. He didn't decide to you. Okay. That, that that's what I meant. You don't, you you, you have the leverage. You don't have the leverage you once had where you were sought after where you one of the best in the league. You're still living off that past resume, which is why wanted and waited for you to sign this late before mandatory mini camp because they don't have any other options. Right. So and At and at 20, at year 21, I mean this is gonna be his 21st season. How many more seasons do you think he really wanna play? He wanna subject himself getting up, studying film, studying film all day Monday, studying film all day Tuesday, watching film after practice on Wednesday, Thursday.


You know how long you think Aren Rogers wants to do that? Yeah. Listen, Hey, hey, when, when you see what the a FC North like ain't no teller might, might, he might be one and done after this season. Hey, that's my point. I mean at 20, I mean you take it, first of all, once you get to a certain number of years, you take it at I probably a quarterback. Other positions probably take it year 10. Quarterbacks probably take it at year 15. Yeah. Especially way they protect him now. So he's gotten six years past year 15. Yeah. Ain't like he, I I don't think he's tried to eclipse Tom and try to play 24. You Think you tried to play 24 seasons? I ain't, ain't no telling. Ain't no telling because I I obviously they will continue to sign him the one year deals.


If things go well, I listen, I I I mean it's a very team friendly contract. I mean 13, 13 and a half billion with 10 Guaranteed. That's nothing, nothing, nothing. That's, that's nothing. I, I'm, listen, I I love the Steelers. I don't want them to do well. I want them to do well except when they play the Bengals. Right. I want, I want DK Metcalf, I want Calvin also the third. And I want Robert Moore, they have Robert Woods, Robert, I'm sorry Robert Woods. They have phenomenal seasons. Like they can, I just, I just wanna see 'em do well for Mike Thomas's sake. I stealer fans. It's always been good to me. I fucking love all of them. But when you play the Bengals, y'all get y'all ass with I Didn't see the other one. Oh Joe, we all heard what Joe Flacco's comments about being a mentor or not being a mentor to Shado.


Yeah, well Russell Wilson was asked about how he approaches mentorship with Giants QB room, including first round draft pick Jackson Dart. I've always viewed it as, I've always tried to be the very version of you and then you're always giving back to everyone else. I think, I think that's just not about one teammate. It's about all the teammates. It's about everybody in the building. It's about from all the way to the, from the quarterback room to the receivers to the running back. So it's like, to me it's all inclusive. And that's always the approach. Russ says, I'm not just trying to mentor the quarterbacks, I'm trying to mentor receivers. I'm trying to mentor running backs. I'm trying to be the best I'm, because I feel if I give to you, you're gonna give back to me and then we'll all give back to the team and then we'll succeed.


You like what Russ had to say? Can You can't ask that man, Russ. That's the preacher. The preacher always gonna say the right thing. Huh? Okay. You can't, you can't ask, you can't ask Russ that man. You gotta ask you, you gotta ask somebody else that question, You know? Okay. Rus gonna say, Russ is going to always say the right thing. Russ is gonna run for office. Russ gonna run for mayor. Hell, Russ could run for goddamn president. Right Man. He had, he has the gift of G. He understands the position that he's in. He's been afforded another opportunity to prove himself, which I think he will do. But in that situation, he has to say that. Does he really feel that way? Absolutely not. Hell, this motherfucker's here to take my goddamn job.


Yeah. He's the first round pick outta My mouth. He's the first round pick. I know my le is short. Yeah, he has to say that. Does he really feel that? Absolutely. Not as a competitor, as a football player. Absolutely. And the thing you, and, and the thing is Ocho, look, it doesn't matter how long, You know Russ came in in 2012. Yeah. So this is year what, 14 for Russ year. 14 for Russ. Good years. Good years. So he was like, man, you tried to speed up my process to get up out the league I'm on now. That's what it really is. I mean, mentor of course man. She better you better you better get it on your own. Yeah. Hey, just think about, just think about that.


People in the chat. People in the chat that's listening. Think about somebody coming to your job that's brand new and your boss telling you to train them to take your job. That's all it is. It's, and we use the word mentor as like, as if what you mean? Mentor? Like come on now. They make it sound like it's a good thing when it's really not a good thing. The person is there to replace you. When you telling me to train to take my job? What are we talking about? Oh, Ocho, get a man some pointers. Ocho damn Who Tell the man how to beat man coverage. Tell the man how to sit down in the zone. Look, look, turn on the film. No Ocho, you gotta talk to him. He said, man, hey lemme tell you what I do.


Do what you do Ocho. This is what I do. This is what I do. No, There No, nah, because listen, you, we don't, we don't have the same DNA, we don't have the same DNA, we don't have the same quick twitch fibers. So even if I do tell you what to do, you're not gonna be able to do it because our style of Play is different. I just want you to tell, I just wanna say, Hey, I learned from ocho. Nah, You better play. I just learned from ocho. Hey Listen, you better play Madden. Madden tell you how to get open on everything. Hey, you remember how them guy, everybody said mad. I went train with Kobe, I trained with Elijah one. You know, I just wanted, You know, I just wanna say I train with, I wanna train with, I train with Bruce Lee. Yeah. I wanna say I train with Bruce Lee. Hey. And don't look nothing like it.


Yeah. Everybody's gonna have their opinions. It's, it is very, I mean it all depends on the quarterback. Yeah. Because, You know, but that's the reason why if you notice starting quarterbacks, they take the knee down and everything. Yeah. They don't and and they do not injury. They're gonna fight through injury because they don't want you to get a look at the backup. The last thing I want you man, you look, did he look kind of good in practice today? Ocho didn't he? Yeah. He threw it with some conviction block. Nah, he can get them scout team refs, but he ain't get no refs with them. Number one receivers. That ain't happening. Damn. Yeah. So I, I look it is to each his own.


Yeah. It's, it is each his own. I mean everybody, there's no right, there's no wrong. As long as you're not, You know, hey, as long as you're not giving him no faulty information, we good. Yeah. I don't really have, I don't really have no problem because he is long. 'cause I, I tried to help all the guys. I wanted to make sure if something were to happen to me, Ocho they were prepared to go in to perform at high level. But You know, I I, I get it from the other stand. 'cause like I said, I, I mentored all those guys and You know, Mike felt they were good enough to, to replace me. And then the same thing happened when I got got to Baltimore. They drafted Todd, Todd Heap after we won the Super Bowl. And I tried to, You know, do the best I could and mentor him and they're like, well yeah, he good now. So they released me and I had to go back to, I had to go back to Denver so I don't look.


It is what it is. Yeah. See how, see how they do you they play, they played you. I was good. I would, I let, let's just say Ocho, I wasn't disappointed to go back to Denver. I got you. I got you. Alright. All right. Here we go. Ocho this is now we, we in your realm Lamar Jackson Yeah. Is now the only a FC starting quarterback without a Super Bowl appearance. A FC north. Yeah. Aren Rogers. He beat the Steelers in Super Bowl 35.


Well, no, I'm saying but he, he beat the Steelers. So he's been the one, Joe Burrow's been the one we know Flacco's been the one. Lamar Jackson has not. Is will this be the season that Lamar Jackson gets to a Super Bowl? You know what, I don't know if it's gonna be the season, but he will get that before he is done playing. I know that much. The a FC North is so unpredictable, especially with, with, with the Bengals. I'm not sure how they will start off this season. You can kind of count, you can kind of count the Ravens and Ravens and being in every, every season as long as Lamar Jackson is there, regardless of what pieces he has around him, he alone can get them to the playoffs by, by true by himself. And then the support gas has always, always been phenomenal.


And but you always know Lamar Jackson is gonna give you this. It's like when you, when you watch, when you watch Jannis play Unc, like you said, he gonna get at 30 and you watch SGA play, he gonna give you that 30. That's the same way that Mark Jackson is. That's why he gets paid the big, the big bucks. As far as the Super Bowl is concerned. I'm not sure if it will be this year, but if it is this year it will be because they go to the playoff games each week and they have no effing turnovers, No turnover. That's the only reason that kept 'em out. Yeah. Because They went like nine weeks in the regular season. Then they have a turnover ocho. Mm Yeah. Yeah. And you get to the biggest game where it matters most and you turn it over twice and then you still almost had the opportunity to come back and win.


Yep. But that's what it comes down to, You know, so I, I'm excited for him. Even at, even as a Bengal man, I'm, I'm, I'm excited for Lamar in general, You know, to, to take my my Bengal bengal stardom, You know, I can put that aside and, and actually root for the young bull man to wanna see him do. Well You mean fandom and Yeah, saiddo stardom. Oh my bad. I meant fandom. Yeah. You Know, we know, we know what you meant. That's Ocho That's OCHO talk. Y'all leave. Give him a break. That's Ocho. Yeah, I just, I just, I would, I would just want to see him do well. Joe, what you think? Just the year? Year? I, I think so. You know, they, they, they went on a, a great run I thought this past NFL season and for me, I feel like they got everything in they toolbox as far as defense offensively.


They're a high power offensive machine and I can see it happening. I can see it happening. He just need to get the one ocho. That's it. Get that monkey off your back. Win it. He need too good. I mean he too good. I mean he's too good. I mean, look at, oh, he, he could, he could easily be a three time league. MVP Ocho. Yeah. Yeah. He's got two. Yeah. They, they cheated him. Look, this, I think this was like the second or third time this ever happened, a guy that, 'cause normally the guy that, the quarterback that goes to the, that is the all pro, he normally wins the MVP. Yeah. 87 and happened with Joe Montana.


Joe Montana was the first team all pro quarterback John Elway won the MVP. Did it happen another year? I think it happened two or three times. This was the, this was the second or the third time that it happened. I know it happened in 87. 87 was the strike year. I was, that was my sophomore year in college. I I remember that. So so you saying he just need to get there If he get there and play Well, You know, we like, well You know what? Damn. Ain't nothing else he could do. It's kinda like Tom, when Tom lost to when he lost to the Eagles, he threw for 500 yards. Yeah. They was like, well he didn't stop anybody. He just needs, he needs to get there. I let him get there.


Then I worry about whether he plays well or not. I just want him to get there. That's all I want. I I just want to, I don't want, I wanna see him on that big stage. That's a hell of a division they in. That's a gauntlet boy. You gotta hell yeah. And you and you think about it, you still got look because you at a c you got Joe Burrow and you got him in the same division. Yeah. You still got my homeboy and you got Josh Allen And then now you adding Aren And you got Aarons in there. You don't, you don't know what Aren Rogers you gonna get. Right. You ain't gonna get Aren Rogers of old, but you're gonna get glimpses and, and, and hot flashes. What he used to be and that and just enough to get him still his fan, still his fans hope and the organization in general, which is why they waited on this As not all Steeler fans are excited about Aren Rogers siding with their team.


Especially this one. No, let's take a listen. Look at this video. O Joe and Joe Today. Yeah. June 5th, 2025. I'll never be a Steels fan again. Hmm. Okay. Autograph Minka jersey. I'm burning all my sta stuff. I Burning is a side to pick up. Aren Rogers, I can't do this anymore. You, you kill us. You keep killing us. You let go George Pickens. You know what I mean? You let go Justin Fields. He could have, he had a potential to be something. It just, it's crazy. It's sad. So again, today is my last day being a Steelers fan, so thank you Rooneys.


Thank you Tomlin. You really did it. Mm, bye-bye. I would've kept my jersey and I come back O Joe if, if I don't like somebody joining the team, okay. I put my, I'll put my fandom aside and when he leave I come back. Yeah. Hey, hey listen, he, he lying 'cause listen, if he a true Steelers fan, he'd be burning something. A a recent jersey. He burning a minkah Pat man, MKA ain't been there. And how goddamn damn long? He stealers Mke still there. Oh. Think about Mka went from, from the, from the Dolphins to the damn, but nah, nah, nah, nah. He, he ain't no real, he ain't no real fan. He ain't real, real fan. Fan. Real.


He ain't, hell nah. Ain't no real fan fan. Real fan gonna stay, stay down. Hold On, listen, hold on. How you a Steelers fan? Right? How you a Steelers fan? Do you understand what you have at the quarterback position? Right. Knowing you don't have a chance to win what you have to play quarterback for you right now, you've already seen before, but you mad Aren Rogers who's, whose eons better, even as bad as he was last year. Eons better than what you have right now, but Oh now you don't wanna be a fan of more or you burning Mingle pack of Jersey. I Think you at least gotta give it a chance. You, I mean Seal ain't even started yet. You know, you long from the city. Yeah. I mean what probably what, nine a hundred days? I see you still got all of July, August.


Yeah man. Give it a chance. Half. Yeah. Yeah. You, you still probably about 90 something days, don't you? This is what Cam Hayward said starts first off, why mink us jersey? That's bonkers. Second. Why burn? There are plenty of people that needs clothes. Third, you going to regret it? Mm, I don't, I don't know about the regret. I wanna know when did this, when did this start burning Jersey Joe is when Yeah. LeBron. Yeah, when LeBron did that going to Miami. The decision, The choice. The decision. Yeah. Yeah. Some people went, they went. That was, that was the, I could be wrong, but that was the first time I saw it. Yeah. I think I could wrong. It might have happened before but I don't, I I don't recall seeing it.


Yeah. Wait a minute. They burning jerseys. Didn't y'all pay for them? Exactly. That's The first thing I say. How you burning something You paid for but Burn It is a signed jersey. Hey, it is emotional decision man. You know, some people can't control it fellas. They can't control their emotions. They have to, they have to lash out. It's just part of it. Oh, we gotta go with your guys. Your love. Can't wait to face Aren Rogers when the Packers play the Steelers. Mm. Packers visit the Steelers on Sunday Night Football week eight. And your love already has it circled on its calendar. It's going to be fun. It's going to be awesome. I'm excited for it. I can't wait to be on different sides meeting up and You know, we'll talk pre-game, things like that and hopefully we can exchange jerseys afterwards.


I appreciate definitely the way Aren the Arod handled being in that situation. I think a big part of it, which he told me was he knew how it was for him being in the same position and the things that went through the way the situation might have been handled differently. I think his perspective was, I'm trying to go about it just a little bit differently, which I think was awesome in my time with Arod. We had a great relationship. It was a, it was awesome being in the same room with him, being able to learn. He was amazing with everything and I definitely appreciate the way he handled everything on the outside with obviously him leaving and me taking over. It's been, he's been very supportive of me since it's definitely helped me with some of the negativity that might have come with that.


But Aro handled it like a pro and did every and did very right by me. Hey, I think, what, what is it, eight weeks, that's about halfway through the season, right? Yep. So I, I think a lot of it's going be determined on how, how Arod holds up, what it's gonna look like if, can he stay healthy or will he have fresh legs, You know, throughout this season to be effective or, You know, to be able to be that quarterback that the distillers need to get over the hump. Yeah, I definitely think Arod learned being in a very situation that Jordan Love was in, came in. Yeah. There was a three time league MVP quarterback, a guy that had already been to the Super Bowl, had won a Super Bowl, been to another one that very, wasn't very receptive of him being there.


Yeah. And Arod said, You know, probably looked at it like, man, if I remember in that situation, I don't know if I handle it like that. Yeah. Tastes a lot. It's easy. It's, it is. It ain't easy. Nah. The better the player, the bigger the ego ocho and we know who has the big, we know who has the bigger, the biggest egos, they just do the best job of hiding it. I've told people that since I was on television 20 plus years ago. I said the guys with the biggest egos are the quarterbacks. They just do the best job of hiding it because they've been quarterbacks their whole life. Normally their dads or some of 'em been coaching and tell 'em how to do it. So, but You know, why receiver the quarters?


We just can't, we just couldn't help ourselves Ocho. Right, right. Hey, look, if it, if it came up, it's coming out. Yeah. Tell me something. Ar ocho, he had just came off, what, two MVPs right back to back, back to back MVPs. So I don't know, may, maybe, maybe aro seen it writing on the wall as far as them trying to move on. Like y'all said, You know, he been in that position before he seen this movie before. It is a rerun to him. So he probably didn't wanna be a part of that. Well the thing was that they, they got tired of him holding the, the, the organization hostage. Well, I mean, ain't nothing changed. Right. Yeah. So they was like, okay, you, they took the, the moment they drafted the quarterback, they took the power back and he knew it.


Yeah. That's why they did it. That's why he was upset. And now, and listen, listen, now I gotta piggyback based off, you heard what you just said. Now you see why Tomlin wasn't allowed to get a quarterback while Ben was still there based on the relationship that Ben had with everybody upstairs, because they understood it would piss him off. And the relationship with them upstairs was much, much, much better than that of Ben in the, been in the head coach. Yeah. Just throwing that, that back. I'm throwing that back out There. Jamar Chase gave his Mount Rushmore of NFL receivers. He got Antonio Brown, Cooper Cup, Calvin Johnson, Jerry Rice, Ocho, you like his list?


Fuck yeah, AB Calvin Johnson. Oh, you got him over Moss and Teo? I mean, no, that's his list. That's why that, that's why, that's why it's his list. Oh, just, I ain't going that far down. Hey Listen. Oh no I ain't, I ain't going. But listen, it, it is, there's about 10 players on when you ask somebody's top five Joe when it comes to receivers and it's based on preference at that point. Yeah. It's based on, regardless of what the numbers may be, when you say certain names, like you can't go wrong. Yeah. You, you just can't go wrong. It just come down to preference on the type of player you like and what they did when they played. Yeah. But there's so many that, that, that, that belong in that conversation. If you just take numbers away, I know it's always about numbers.


Everything's always about numbers. But when you talk about Jerry Rice and, and, and, and Randy Moss and to, and ab and Megatron and Larry Fitzgerald, like, it's all interchangeable except Rice. Rice is in the class of his own. I also wanna Justin Jefferson Cheetah and, and he just, you Gotta see Jerry Numbers after he turned 30. That's what people, Jerry, Jerry had 1200 receiving yards at 40. Hey, I saw a breakdown. Somebody broke it down. Somebody broke it down on Twitter and broke it down. And I, I was like, what the hell it, it, it was crazy. He had like, he had like 10,000, he had over like 12,000 yards at, at after 30 30.


That's that dog That's, and and a lot of that it, it, it was a running league, but our ab ab was phenomenal. I wish AB could have just like, kept it together for a couple more years. He was special had Oh hey. Yeah, he had about a six, seven what, six, seven year, eight year stretch. I'm talking about nobody could do nothing with him. Nothing. Nope. Hey, Nathaniel, Nothing. No man, that joke was quick as a cat, a hot tin roof. Hey boy, you were nice boy. You was nice Cooper Cup. The thing is, but if you think about it, OCHO Cooper Cup only really had that one season, that Triple Crown year.


Yeah. Yeah. I don't think he, I don't think he might've had two seasons in which he had a thousand yards Yard before that. Actually it is. You said it just right. He had two seasons previously. No, I think he had two seasons total and one of 'em was that Triple Crown season Go Polo Cooper Cup. I I, I think I could have Remember he got, remember he tore his ACL Remember that Super Bowl year? He tore his ACL. Wait, the year they, they played the, the Patriots in Atlanta? Yeah, he had thousand, he had a thousand yard season before that. I know Cooper Cup. How many thousand yard seasons he had? I think he had two. I I guarantee he had two before that Triple Crown year watch 20.


He had 9 74. He had two total. I Told you. That's what I said. O John, You know I said two including the Triple Crown year. Yeah. Not two before, two total, including the Triple Crown. That's it. That's it. That's it. Okay. Okay. I I ain't, I I I damn well listen, listen, being able to achieve that triple crown man in itself is, that's, that's hard. That's difficult. That's, that's, that's difficult. That's difficult being consistent all year long. Not getting hurt.


Shit. What'd you wanna say? Four time Pro Bowl running back. Nick Chubb is expected to sign a one year deal with the Houston Texans. The signing is contingent on Chubb passing a physical. The former Cleveland Brown running back would join the Texans running rushing attack led by Pro Bowl Russia, Joe Mixon, Damien Pierce Dare a in fourth round pick Woody Marks out of USC Ocho. You like this? Yeah. I mean, yeah, I do. I like it. I like it. I mean, I'm not Does it take away some of, some of the carries away from, from Joe?


I'm not, I'm not sure how that's how that's gonna work. I'm I'm sure they'll find a way. They'll find a way to make it work. I, I don't, I don't think with Joe being a, a number one runner back and bringing in another one number, another Spell. I mean, you look, you still got Damien Pierce there. You got a ABA Walle. That's a Lot, huh? Yeah. Fourth round pick at Woody Marks. There ain't no guarantee you gonna make the team o you Woo Mick Chubb. Man. Man, don't stop playing, man. Come on now. Don't don't do that. What you mean? Ain't no guarantee. Hey, I just seen score. I just seen Chubb squatting 750 pounds last week.


Ain't the power. It ain't a power lifting meet. Hey listen, he's a power run and he always has been. Ain't nothing pretty about him. Hey, when you look at Nick Chubb, when you walking dressed, You know, in the locker room where they had the, they had the little mannequin on wall on how With all them pads put A uniform. That's Nick Chu That, that's how he run the ball. Hey, well listen, listen, he, he's a, he's a downhill runner man. He's really good. He relies on this offensive line, You know, to get him going. And I, I, I don't, I don't know, I, I just, I just, I don't really lie. I don't like that move of having two number ones or two really, really good running backs on the team like that. I mean, it, it, it is similar but it is two of the same type of backs.


I could see if you had something like Aer Gibbs and the Day of Montgomery, but you got two, two of the same things in the backfield. Really? Or maybe I could be wrong. They are, maybe I could Be wrong, but Mixon catches the ball a little more. He's a little more shifty. He's not the kind, he's not the really the same type. Joe Mixon is kind of more like a Damon Pierce. He more of a, of a power run. I don't really know Woody Mark, so I don't really know a whole lot about him. So I can't speak to that. But Joe, but Joe got a little bit more wiggle, a little bit more twitch to it than Yeah, than the Chub. Chubby is all power. When you, when you squatting 600, 700 pounds, you, you are a power runner. Yeah. I mean, hell, I was do, I was doing that in high school. I mean, so, damn.


All right. That's a nice little combo back there though. Nice Big felon ocho still ain't pay me my money, Titus. What you think about that? Man, when I get back, when I get back to Atlanta, I got, I'm, I'm gonna put my big boy on the screen. They look exactly alike. That black mask? Yeah, black mask with that, with that tan coat exactly alike. Joe, you at Joe? I, I'm in Detroit. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. We, we, we got, I'm out here with my big three team Detroit Amps. We doing a little mini training camp before we take off to Chicago. This, this upcoming weekend and playing our first game.


So Hey look. Okay. Okay. It's on, it's on Tv. Oh yeah, it's gonna be on CBS baby. You already know Prime time. Stop playing Y'all. Ooh, y'all got money bro. I'm finna be, I'm me then. Now come, come on now. Come on now y'all, I don't know if I'm gonna be able to buy you dog food. Ocho, ocho got your 5,900 man. Ocho got your buddy. Hey buddy. CD Lamb speaks about the worst ever contract hold out in 2024. He missed all training camp and mandatory mini camps in 2024 off season. The Cowboys and Lamb found middle ground with less than two weeks left in the season. Opener CD talked about missing off season of practice session and it might have been impacted last year's performance.


Oh, I would know somebody, I know one, somebody over Nightcap crew said. But anyway, honestly, it was the worst. It was the worst ever. Do you hear me? For those who know me, they know how serious I take this football stuff. Like with everything in me, I pride my body, mind, soul, everything I got into winning and the result of it. And obviously preparation goes into that, You know, and for me to miss out on right preparation with my team, my quarterback, my guys just building those bonds off the field, whatever the case may be. You know what I'm saying? Like, I missed out on that. Hey, I agree fellas. Look, rhythm and timing, you can't make that up. You cannot make that up. You gotta be out there. You gotta be in the thick of, you gotta be tuned in.


And I, I thought that the entire season. I'm like, man, CD gonna come back. He probably gonna have a week of preparation. It ain't gonna be no good year. You know what I mean? My thing was worried about him getting Nick Ocho, You know how it is man, when you come in there and they try to put all, they try to get all the time that you miss, they try to put it back in a couple of practices and now you got soft tissue, you got a calf, you got a hamstring, you got a quad, you got an adductor or something like that. I'm like, damn bro, I just got here, let me build up. I ain't gotta get all these practices back in two days. Hey look, that's probably why they, they probably blowing up your phone, making sure you working out, getting a little training on your own versus just kind of sitting around waiting, You know, to kinda see if things going to pan out.


But yeah, I agree man. I think having this, this off season with the, with the crew, I think they, I think, I think them boys gonna be much better this year. Ocho. Yeah, they gonna be all right. They gonna be all, listen, I said they were gonna be all right anyway. Even, even if they didn't have George Pickens, I think it would've been a better year for them. But the addition to him offensively, I don't know what they do would look like defensively, but offensively, I know them boys finna shake some things now they finna shake some dykes now and they didn't have no choice. Jerry didn't have a choice but to make a move like this with every, every other team in that NFC improving around, yeah, look what the commander's doing. Look at the Eagles. We, you already know what the Eagle's doing. You know? So in order, in order to compete in that NFC by itself, just in your division alone, forget getting to the playoffs.


I need to be able to compete in my own division. You gotta improve as much as you can and stop playing around and hurry up and pay Micah. We, we we'll be waiting for on that end. They do, he does the same thing. But every player every year, year he wasted the last, I don't understand what JI he Tried, he tried, he tried to circumvent David mug letter. And I like Michael, Michael like, I don't have to be, I don't have to be the highest paid. I'm saying that publicly behind the scenes. Go get that money, Dave. Hey, hey please and thank you. Thank you. Go get that money, Dave. I'm saying all the right things publicly. Yeah, yeah, but privately, Hey, when that contract is announced, I'm the highest paid non quarterback.


I, I'm, I, I leapfrog chaser As it should be. Jalen Carlos Jalen, Jalen Carter says his, says Hamburger Helper is his favorite food. My mom cooks Hamburger Helper. I love it. I could eat it. Every day she calls me to come eat. And when I get the plate, it's gonna be a minute. Yeah. I's a you a real one. You a real one Hamburger helper. I'll never forget them days, boy. We, I Ain't no hamburger helper. Man. Stop it. What? You ain't Never what? I ain't a hamburger helper, Man. Come on man. See, You know what?


That My grandma, my grandma, my grandma ain't had no no money helper. So unless you got money help, you can't get no hamburger Helper. Hey hamburger Helper. You know that is, it is very inexpensive. Even still to this day now. I'ma have, i'ma have to have get, get me some. Oh man. Hey, Fuck Ain't, ain't nothing. Ain't nothing. You ever had cream of wheat? I've had cream of wheat. I ain't, I I'm a grits guy, Joe. You grits a cream of wheat. Cream of wheat. You from Arkansas talking about cream of wheat? Yeah. I ain't, I ain't no grits guy. Huh? My, my granddaddy used to use that evaporated milk with the, with the cow on the can.


You know what I'm talking about? Dens? Yeah. Well, okay. You know your Stuff bro. We used to, I wonder, You know what Ocho it wasn't until I got grown that I realized that you weren't supposed to drink, that you weren't supposed to eat that you cooked with that milk. I wonder why my stomach was always tore up. I was like, every time I eat cereal, y'all, I ain't like, I was like dang. I'm like, why am my stomach every time I eat cereal, my stomach be messed up. It wasn't until I got grown, you supposed to cook with evaporated milk. You don't supposed to just eat at your, That shit was thick as hair man Running through me like water through a foreign tourist.


You know what I'm saying? Hey, we used to be some cereal eating jokers, boy. I'm talking about at least five, six bowls a day or no. Yeah, man, I used to you. Hey, I tell you what, you better let, hey, you better make that cereal last until your granny get another paycheck. You eat four, five bowls. If you want to, you go go a whole week or two without it. Hey unc, I was the only one in the house. Mom, be at work. Hey, I'll be, I'll tap some cereal up. I'm gonna go through some cereal, but hey, it wasn't, no, we eating cornflakes, cornflakes. Hold on. The big cornflakes, big old there. You ain't all the other stuff. No Cheerios, no Frosty Flakes, all that other stuff that, You know, fruit Loops and dig 'em smacks and, and, and, and, and Cinnamon toast.


You wasn't getting none of that. You know we did have some king vitamins. And then don't hit your mama. I talk about it's only a little bit, a little bit of milk left. It ain't enough milk for the cereal. Put some Water. If you Don't add some water to that shit, You put water there. If you Don't add some water to that Milk, Hey Ojo, put a little water that thing and shake that thing up. Sir, you, you don't shake it up, Glen. That water gonna be sitting right there on the top. Oh, I remember them days. The volume. This is an iHeart podcast.