
Seeking the truth never gets old. Introducing June's journey, the free to play mobile game that will immerse you in a thrilling murder mystery. Join June Parker as she uncovers hidden objects and clues to solve her sister's death. In a beautifully illustrated world set in the roaring twenties with new chapters added every week, the excitement never ends. Download June's journey now on your Android or iOS device, or play on PC through Facebook games.


And the dream season is now complete. The Golden State Warriors of the 2015 NBA Champion on the new limited podcast series Dubb Dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examine the controversial move that made it possible. It's never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dubb Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts, The Volume.


Hello. Welcome to another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host, the Liberty City Legend, the Bengal Ring of Fame artery pro bowler all pro route runner extraordinaire. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And also joining us to talk. This game wasn't very much of a game. I thought it would end up just like it did. Is the one and only Quentin Richardson kill what it do. That's good fellow, that's good. Appreciate y'all having me. Thanks for coming on with us. Please make sure that, Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


Thank you guys for your support, your continued support, all things Nightcap Club Shehe and La Portier. We greatly appreciate your support and thanks to you, we get to be us. Make sure you check out Shaa by La Portier. We do have it in stock. If you cannot find it in a city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media co media company page or all of its platforms. That's Shesha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. That link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab, get, grab yours while supplies. Last.


Tickets for our Not Safe Work tour are on sale now. Eight stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, Los Angeles, Miami, New York, Chicago and Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. That's shehe media.com/tour. That link is also pinned in the chat. The guest lineup is shaping up real nice. You guys don't wanna miss this. So go out and grab your tickets now. The Nuggs Crush the Clippers. Don't let that 19 point victory throw you off. It was worse than that. They put the backups saying and, and the Nuggs, excuse me, the Clippers made a little run there, but one 20 to 1 0 1 and the Nuggs move on to face the thunder with a four three series win over the Los Angeles Clippers tonight.


I don't know what it is with James Hardy's Game Seven's queue in ocho, but it didn't go well. He's now lost Game seven with four different teams tonight. He was two of eight for seven points with Philly. He lost to the Celtics going three of 11, nine points in 41 minutes with Brooklyn. He lost to the bucks going five of 1720 9%. And with Houston he lost to the Warriors going 12 of 29. He did have 32 points, but it took him 29 shots to get it. I didn't think he was nearly aggressive at tonight as he was in game six Q and it showed, what was he, two of eight, one of four, two or two from the free throw line. He did have 13 assists, but they needed a Herculean effort.


They needed him and Kauai to play like they played in game six in order to get them over the hump on the road in game seven. And that didn't happen. What, what did you see that called that said, You know what? The Clippers just not where I think they should be right now. Q Man, for me, I think they just got blitz tonight. I I think like you, you pointed out Hart's numbers, but I mean he did have 13 assists. And this could have been like, if this was a competitive game, it could have, his numbers could have gone up. But obviously we know, like you said, it was a blowout early on and, and it like, You know, joker didn't even go crazy. It was like the, the other guys, the supplemental guys really came out, applied the pressure, their tempo was up.


The clippers were flat, surprisingly for a game seven. They were flat. They, it, it looked like they didn't have it early on in, in Denver mashed the gas and literally just, they just blew 'em up. Blew 'em out. They looked good in the first quarter. They outscored, they had a five point lead heading into the second. And then Denver goes on and wins that quarter 37 21. And then they open the third on a 17 three run, get it up to 17 three and then get it up to 24 to four. And they never look back from, from there. So between the second quarter and third quarter, the Nuggs outscored 'em 72 to 40. Amen. From down five to start to the, at the end of the first. Now you go to the fourth and you're down 27.


Yeah. And it, it, it didn't look and it didn't look good. Yeah, I, I agree with you. Q you look at Aren Gordon play sensational. He'd been playing sensational. 'cause even when Joker, You know, joking, You know, there was one game. He had a a 14 point triple double and they, they blew the doors outta him. But you get six, six players of double figures. Russ off the bench again, an excellent night, 27 minutes, five, nine. Shout out, shout out to Brody. Yeah man, he played well. Christian Brown, 21 points. Jamal Murray 16, yo 16, 10 and eight. Michael Porter Jr. Sighting tonight 15. And Eric Gordon Aren Gordon's been doing a great job. He's gets on the glass, he's scoring, he's doing a heck of a job on Kauai Leonard.


He's making Kawhi Kauai's hitting some shots, but he making him, he's making tough shots. And you live with that game. If I can make you make them tough shots, them spinning fade aways and all that, Hey coach, he made a great play on me, but I'm right there with him. Oh, Joe, you watched this game from the Nuggs standpoint. What did you like about what you saw from the Nuggs tonight? I mean, listen, I watched it from start to finish and the Nuggs dominated in every aspect of the game from the start to finish the, the Nuggs and they were shooting 52, 50 2% from the field. They out assistant Clippers 24 to 16. They controlled the tempo. They had much more want to, for it to be a game seven. It seemed like the Clippers was flat, You know, like, like Q said, you got to wanna be there, you got to wanna play.


Obviously it's a you gotta winner you go home. They had no type of, no type of reassurance. Like they really wanted to be there. Anyway, Michael Porter Jr. Delivered a two-way masterpiece out there, man. He had 15 6 11 shooting in six rebounds. But also the bench Joker did his thing. Aren Gordon did his thing. Westbrook bought energy on, he only scored nine, nine points, but he bought on both. Oh, he had 16. 5 0 9. Yeah. Yeah, 16 points. Oh, Okay. Five. Yeah, five or nine was was 16. The bench did, the bench did well too. But Westbrook energy though, unc well that dude that do something, that do something for a team man when he come in and You know, he, he, he, he might have got attacked but man, UNC, I'm Just That was intentional.


That was intentional. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh, oh, he did it on purpose. You what? You you didn't see what I saw? Yeah, he did that on purpose. I thought, I thought he, I I thought he wanted let the rim go 'cause somebody he was gonna land on. Dude. No sir. That was intentional. You didn't see when he landed and said, yeah, gimme me the tick and I don't care. Get him the up outta here and Yeah, whoever obscenity, Hey listen. Yeah. You know, girls is the emotional dude, the passionate dude, I loved it. I loved it. Yeah, you look, if Russ is on your team, you gotta ride the rollercoaster because You know it's gonna be ups and down cues. They're gonna be high, they're gonna be low it loads and you're just gonna have to ride that wave. Some days he's gonna give you this and then some days you're gonna be like, damn, Russ slow.


Okay, you can, you slow it down like okay, have one energy drink, not four. And You know, because he, he, he gets outta control 'cause he, he plays so hard on both ends of the court. Yeah. And he's gonna give you, that's one thing you'll never have to worry about. Russell Westbrook is cheating you. You gonna get your money's worth now, like I said, and you gotta ride it tonight. He was what they needed. What was that? That game that they won on the road and they ended up what old boy Aren Gordon dunked at home. Ru provided the Intergy in that game game. Yeah. I I I like this Look, it's gonna be a very interesting series now with the Thunder and the, the Nuggs Nuggs have been there before the, the Thunder's been the best team in the Western conference all year.


Everybody wanted to see, well when they play somebody that's been there with experience, let's see how they shape up. But looking at this game, the Clippers, yeah, you, You know, when you go on the road, bro, you gotta take it. They're not gonna give it to you because it's their fans. You've gotta get the crowd out of it. Yeah. If you don't get the crowd out of it and they mess around and get a lead on you, all of a sudden the roof's going to explode and it just an avalanche boom Colorado avalanche and it just swell, it just swells on you. And that's like bro and t Lou tried to get a timeout, but I think what happened, T Lou did something very interesting in game six. He inserted Nicholas platoon to start of the, the second half. Now you outta tricks. He tried, he put a, he put a, a Derrick Jones Jr.


In the start line of Chris Doug. But at some point in time they're like, okay, this is gonna be our adjustment when Nicholas platoon is in there. 'cause he didn't have near the impact that he had in game six because they caught him by surprise. They didn't make that same mistake tonight in game seven because they know when he comes in knowing that if it was a opportunity, it probably gonna be somebody else other than Chris Dunn. Because Chris Dunn is more of a defensive guy than a offensive guy. And they want space, they want space for Kawhi, they want space for James Harden. But for whatever reason James Harden was not nearly necess. But if you look at these numbers, Q what nobody really aggressive. Kawhi would had 13 shots in 33 minutes. And that's why, that's why I say we can't be that critical of Harden for having, You know, only eight shots.


But he had, like I say, having 13 assists, you cannot be aggressive and have 13 assists out there. Right? Like James was playing, he was making plays. And this is like I say, because of like you say, the lead swell that it became such a blowout. It kind of takes away from him his chance to, to go out there because James Harden is the point guard. So him having 13 assists, he's out there doing his job because he was out there finding people and making plays and making things happen. It's not like he's two for eight and isn't doing anything else. He had 13 assists and five, six rebounds. He was out there playing. But the blowout robbed him of his chance to, to accumulate and go out there and get aggressive later in the game.


Whereas when he come out, people may say he should have came out being aggressive as opposed to trying to get guys into the game. But I feel like he came out playing a pass first game trying to get his teammates going and saying like, he can get my game off whenever, but that I get, I can get my game off whenever it didn't come because the blowout came too quick.


Seeking the truth never gets old. Introducing June's journey, the free to play mobile game that will immerse you in a thrilling murder mystery. Join June Parker as she uncovers hidden objects and clues to solve her sister's death in a beautifully illustrated world set in the roaring twenties with new chapters added every week, the excitement never ends. Download June's journey now on your Android or iOS device or play on PC through Facebook games.


And the Dream season is now complete. The Golden State Warriors are the 2015 NBA Champions on the new limited podcast series Dubb Dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examined the controversial move that made it possible. It's never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Listen, based on what we saw tonight for the Nuggs, I know, I know the Clippers didn't show up, they didn't play well, but based on what we saw tonight and them having to play the Thunder on Sunday in a yeah in in a seven game series, how damn do you see the Nuggs team now that the bench, we know what the f we know what the stalling faculty do now that the bench is contributing the way they are. What chance do you have against them? Against the Thunder? Well the thing is Russ is mainly the bench they got. They don't get a whole lot. Deandre Jordan really doesn't play a lot. He played tonight, yolk got in foul trouble in the third quarter and he came in there but he doesn't normally play a lot. Every once in a while they'll insert Peyton Watson and he mainly plays, but for the most part they play five guys.


That's that. That's what they play. They play five guys, they run their starters right and they play Russ Russell get extended Minute and Pey Watson will come in somewhere anywhere between 10 and 15. If, if things are going really well, he might play tick, hit a 20. But for the most part they run their starters and that's what you do. We, hey man, we ain't got no deep rotation. What you mean rotation gonna be playing? Tell 'em q guys' gonna be playing somewhere between 38 and 42 minutes on a nightly basis. As you go further, they play more. Right. Hey respectfully, I just felt like moving forward, like whether they won, whether Denver won or lost this series or whatever happened, I felt like when they fired Michael Malone that they weren't serious about competing for a championship.


Mm. We all are former athletes fellas. When have we seen a team that's serious about trying to win a championship fire? Their coach who also won them their only championship in franchise history, three games before the playoffs begin. Wow. I've never seen that my entire time in the NBA. I've never heard of that. I mean you guys can correct me if it happened in football, but I've never seen that. And some team go on and not now you do have Joker who was all World, one of the top two, three guys in on the planet and playing and he can, he can get you so much and they, you've seen these, this series that they've had guys jump up and play and raise, raise to that level. But I think the buck definitely stops here with OKC.


I they they, like you just said, they play five six guys and this is a young team that's got, they go a nine DA nine D and they, and they got, they got three and d they got Trumps and, and what's the best position in the league Wings? Right Wing wing players are three and d guys that could play both sides that could shoot threes and play defense. They got Trumps in that. They got plenty of 'em. They can, they can send one in and send another one out and keep on rotating. So like, and then they got, they got the ultimate Trump and, and SGA and I don't feel like, I feel like he's the equalizer. I don't know that Denver got no answer for that. Hold on. Q So basically, but you and Unc y'all, y'all on the same page. So you saying the Thunder's gonna win this series against the Nuggs?


Yeah, I got the thunder for sure. Okay. Yeah, I it's gonna take a, it's gonna take a Herculean effort from yo and Murray. Now do you get that Murray that you got the on on the road? No, that was home. That was that that Murray that dropped 43. I don't, I don't listen, my questions don't even come with Joker or none of that. I just, I just question. I feel like Joker and Ag Aren Gordon, like first of all, ag is a championship player. Like I feel like he's underrated. He's one of the, one of the best glue guys to like slash do whatever you need Swiss Army knife type guys in the league that could score 30 or or score 10 if you need him to not be a guy that's got a attitude gonna show up with the work pick Yeah. And go to work every day and give you everything.


But I feel like those have been like two of the most consistent players for the Denver. I don't have any questions about either one of them, but like you say, if Jamal Murray show up like, like Superstar Jamal Murray, that could change the series and it could make the real contest if he does that. But I think he, he tips the scales one way or the other. Whether he play, if he plays really well, this could be a six seven game series and anybody could win it. But if he doesn't really go out there and play at a all star superstar level, the thunder not about to be contested by them. They don't got, if he's not playing and giving you 20 to 30, they don't have enough fo firepower. Yeah, they need, they need Laker. Jamal Murray, the guy that played against the Lakers and no back to back series that, that hit game withers and was letting it go and, and, and routinely being in the 30 points.


They need that guy. Hey, hold on, let me say this one time though. 'cause you just, you just brought him up. What happened to the Lakers? Lakers five I I I can't be on here and not ask that question, huh? Because listen, listen, I was one of the people that was early on when they did what they did, I'm like, man, jj my man, my friend, I'm like, they, they, they, they looking good man. They had a legitimate chance. But what happened? What happened? Q they needed q they needed a big, you can't, I mean, I mean look, look and the Mark Williams kid would've been great because he could defend and he could score. When you got Jackson Hayes and Jackson Hayes is only playing four minutes and now you go Ru and LeBron.


So whichever one's playing the four, the other's playing the five, that's a small small team. And you saw Rudy Goro look like Prime Shaq, he looked like a 2000 Shaq, 2001 Shaq, 1999 Shaq. So if you told me Rudy Goldberg was gonna give you 27 and 24, I said, man, get that bleep outta here. That man ain't never score 27 and 24. And that's what happened. I mean look, ad man did his a, the role players for the timber wolves played much better than the Lakers. You look at Nas Reed, every time he was asked to knock down a big shot, he knocked it down McDaniels, he knocked it down. You get the, the, the, the consistency of the steadiness of Mike Conley.


The Vincenzo came in and gave you some quality men, but Ed man did his thing. But Rudy Gobert, he didn't have the size and you can't, you can't normally what happened, Rudy Gobert becomes unplayable in in situations like this, especially late in the fourth quarter. Dude out did a whole game. How y'all let Rudy stay out here like this? And I like, I just stay out here. He was, he was the most dominant force in the league that night. Yeah, we be back. What, what, what, what, what? Wait, what did you think of, what did you think of that man? Walking, walking from the Staples zone? Yeah, you see Yeah, yeah. See my homeboy, he he, he wrong for that. He wrong for that.


And that was, that was, that was, that was dope. That was dope. That was live. Oh That was, he love that OCHO right there, him walking, Hey, Hey, six minute walk from the, I'm sorry the crypto, I'm, I'm old school. You see the Clippers jersey I call it? Yeah. Was still, I can't get it out of my head, but from the staples to the rich over there, like a little six minute walk. I think he wanted to go ahead and enjoy it. Yeah. He walked all the way the whole, all the way ride the whole, the whole gut of the building. Man, listen, there, there, there are a few players, there are a few players in the NBA that are like that and he's one of 'em. Yeah, he's one of 'em. All I know Is is this, he's accessible and he's accessible and he's relatable. The that's why, that's why he should be the face of the league whether he want to or not.


And You know what I think make him so relatable though. 'cause like it it is, it is. Think about it. Think about what I'm about to say fellas. When you think especially about the NBA, when you think about if you take Alan Iversson outta the equation, 'cause AI was he one of one, he did it his way and that was just it. You take, if you take AI out of the equation, right? If you think of the last 20, 30 years every hot shot superstar or about to be the guy rookie that's coming to the league, they more careful than Ant man. You know what I'm saying? Like, like an man, like they, most guys won't come out and say, yeah, give me, I'm a dog. This dude, I'm a dog, that dude, yeah. I wanna play like, like most guys would say the politically correct thing just because that's the right thing to do or whatever.


Right? Like then foregoes, any of that, he literally says whatever he's thinking at that point. Like yeah, like what you mean. And the part about it is like that, that we, that I feel like our community relate to it is the brashness. He walking it like he talking, talking. Yeah. And the boy building up a resume is to go like by the time he get through, I don't know who going beat the who all on that hit list, but it's like the way he walking people down and talking it and he only 23 years old and he like really out here like, because the thing about, it's like when you watch MJ in the last dance when he's sitting there in that scene and he got the bat and he got the cigar, he like, yeah, anybody can talk on they way up.


He, he like take a real man to say it before it even happen. That man out here talking it before, during and after and after. Yeah. And you feel me like, and like that we love that but at the end of the day, q it don't matter if you don't get the rings, you just gonna be talking. Oh no, he got, listen, we all know that he got all, all I'm saying. We know that you don't, you got to get that to go. Yeah. Trying to go you. That's that's, that's factual he got But what I'm saying is that he, he building up a resume on his, oh well I mean he's taking our, he's taken out LeBron and Luca years before all the greats and won. They first one he only 23. So what I'm saying, he got plenty time ain't it? Ain't a lot of people that did what he done did on they way at 23 yet either though.


Yeah. I, i, i, I still think he needs, I think he needs another piece though. I mean I love and Drew, drew Randall was unbelievable but You know, You know what you gonna give with him? He a solid guy, 20 and 10. He going bang on you, bang on you and You know Ant man gonna give you what he gave you. But Rudy Gobert, I thought no, Jay, Jayden McDaniel. I thought his game because there were a couple of games that that first game, he was sensational aunt made all the right plays with the assist total. Yeah. And then the what that game 40 let him go haywire. They let him get, what was that game three or game four? He went haywire and got 43 when jj, You know he no smartest guy in the room. I'm gonna run these guys LeBron on 40 old legs, 46 minutes, Luca on that body.


46 minutes. Yeah, you can't do that. You can't, you got, you got to steal when they up by 10, steal your two minutes. Say I I don't care guys, you come down and get shot clock violations, just get me two minutes off the clock so I can get LeBron and I get Luca two minutes. That's all I need because LeBron was dang tired. The man took two shots. One of 'em was terrible and one of 'em, he just, he he blew a, a smoke delay up. Yeah, he was, he was, he was, he was, he was, he was tired. It ain't no way around it. 40 your old legs playing 46 minutes. Q first of all, You know, like to play 46 minutes in your twenties. Now imagine that. Nah, 35 40.


You, you right, you right. But in J's defense man, like we, and I'm not calling any names, but I mean we all have examples of veteran championship coaches doing some of these same things that leave us questioning what was going on and what was happening and the why, the decisions they were made. You know what I'm saying? I feel like when I look at the, the, the, the overall body of work, JJ had did a great job this season, You know what I'm saying? Oh, he did, did did, did they come up short? And I feel like also the, the expectations got kind of blown out of proportion of the sort at a, at a certain point because they had done so well and you, we gotta give JJ and that staff that credit for coming out of the second half having a total different look from changing from having Anthony Davis as an anchor to going and getting Luca and then still coming out and making their team look formidable and rushing, surging to the third seed is which what, what was made everybody get all of these thoughts like they could actually win when in reality they was the, the, the roster was never really fit to win and can really compete truly.


But people gotta, You know, fans are fans and even us as as as analysts and, and people that, that's been a part of the game. We kinda get caught up in the moment sometimes. But like they, when you really look at, like you said, they didn't have enough when the Mark Williams trade didn't go through that kinda was it in a nutshell. Yeah. Like I felt like what we saw from him post-trade showed that he could have been formidable for them if they would've made that trade and they would've allowed it to go through. But for whatever reason or unbeknownst to us, they didn't do it and that's what it is. But I felt like from that point they, they truly weren't a, a championship roster, but the greatness of LeBron and Luca gave us the feeling that maybe they could carry him there, but when they, they just couldn't At the end of the day.


Look, Clippers got the richest owner in pro sports had a healthy Kauai. It didn't even matter. You know why? Because we had buddy passes and we wasn't going to Cancun until our partners. So You know, a buddy pad you fly two, four, You know what I'm saying? Don't you, you fly two for one, they'll be, they'll they'll be coming in shortly. I'm sorry we have some technical difficulties. We really don't, but we're just waiting on the Clippers to join us of Cancun. Yeah, I was gonna happen. Oh y'all thought y'all gonna be celebrating Hawk You, you, I know you got Little Jersey in the back. You thought y'all was gonna be celebrating? Oh yeah, yeah. No you're not. No you're not man. That's a size 60.


There ain't no little what you talking about my little Jersey? Oh You know how black folk do we, when we get you wanna call some, oh I see your little call over there. I Think you got, I see you got your little little Jersey bag. That's exactly what we do. Whatcha doing? Aint that. I got drafted by the Clippers. So we all know how we feel about the team who drafted us. We got a special connection with them. So You know, that's why that's back there. That's what that is. Aq You know how we do it? You get a job. Oh you still at that little job? You still got that little job job. You still got your little business you doing? I gotta be little.


Hey, that, that's, that's us. That's our people every time. Yeah, y'all, I mean I know you wanna come, you were gonna come over here and gloat tonight, You know the clip, but You know, you going to say nigga, You know what I'm saying, you gonna come over here and gloat. But I had already put that call in the yolk, You know, normally Ocho put the call in, but I put that call into Yolk and Aren Gordon said, look here man, I need y'all to handle this for us. Now y'all took doctors out the playoffs two years in a row. I need y'all to do us a favor 'cause y'all got a thing for them la teams putting them outta the playoffs. He like, we got you. And I lost my ability to gloat when I, 'cause I, I'm really, I'm down here in Orlando, You know, I'm with the magic. So I'm riding with the young boys down here, so don't worry. This year we had some injuries and some setbacks. The next year we gonna be, we gonna be barking loud.


You know what I'm saying? Oh, buying Carro and Bronze Barker. Yeah. Yeah. Oh they legit. And boy they legit. Yeah. Yeah. Next we get Suggs and the brother Mo Wagner back, Mo the one who chippy, he the one who bring the, You know, the physicality and You know, get a little chippy out there. But once we get back to full strip and I'm excited to see, You know, what they gonna do in the off season and You know, whatever they do to adjust and that. But like we got a good young coach. We got a good young team, You know, we got pick still in the draft and I think we got flexibility to, to improve or whatever they gonna do. And we gonna be ready. But I still, I I still got Boston so I wasn't coming in here to brag on, on, on.


Yeah. Yeah. I I I'm, I'm, I'm rolling with with with with JT and JB Yeah. Over there they, they they, they fully loaded. They back ready to go. Well you definitely gonna have to, if y'all gonna talk about the come do something in the east, y'all definitely gonna have to get past them. Yeah. Because they ain't going nowhere anytime soon. That's a fact. That's a fact. Oh yeah. Hey, take Us out. Steve Bomber flew out members of the wall to Denver for game seven tonight. Steve Barber covered airfare tickets, buses to the game. You think more owners should do things like this Q ocho. I love it. I love it. I, You Know, listen, not, not, not not Don the ultimate fan. So You know, that Think you not, not very many owners are are open like Brother Baller though.


Not very, no, not very many owners worth, worth 120 billion either. Okay, well let's start, let's start with that damn open. But, but, But, but, but listen, even, even despite his worth, you can see he's really invested, not just the team. Oh, he's a fan. But the players and, and, and the fans as well. He, he's different. He operates different as the owner. Not, not like most. So I don't see other owners even taking, can you imagine Jerry doing something like that? No. If you look at him, he, he is a, a, a more amp version of Mark Cuban q you remember how Mark cu on the sideline with the team something he ed his fist? That's Steve. Steve. Nah. That nah, listen, I'm gonna tell you like, forget it. Like even past the fan standpoint, like when Steve, I mean when, when, when Mark Cuban came into the league, even if players didn't really act on it, like everybody wanted to play for the Mavs just because of the way they was getting treated from the Oh yeah, from the, they had the, they had the planes, they had the, the, the new facilities and everything.


That's, that's how Obama then made it. He is like, everything they do for them is like second top notch. Everything is top tier. Yeah. Second to none like topnotch situation and everything. You hear about it and it's like the players love the way they get treated. Like from not just the player. Like you say the families, the fans. Like when this dude flying out that many fans, it's like, yo, and, and he and he genuinely excited to do it too. Oh yeah. And that's the up like, man if I coulda did this when I was a, if I was a, like that's the type of stuff he's, he's really gifting to people that's like for real fans dream because he's the biggest fan. And that's what I was about to say.


He's a fan that had a boatload of money and say, You know what, I want an NBA team. Yeah. And You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna pay four times the asking price. Because prior to that, the most team had ever sold for was Sacramento over 500 million. It drops 2.2 billion. Hold on. I have a question. Not, not to be, I'm not to be counting nobody pockets but his wealth. How do you, how do you attain his wealth? Microsoft. He was the CEO for Microsoft. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. And right down. And so when you do, and so I know the owners were happy. Like what? Because we ain't never, Hey ain't nobody going down. So from that point on, it's 3 billion and you see the Celtics just sold for 6.6 0.1 billion.


Yes. And he fought, I think he purchased him for like 400 million. So he's gotten 15 times his return, well they call it 15 x now as you say 15, it's 15 x his money. But like you said, he's a fan, not bo. Look, a lot of times, I don't know if like Steve Barer strikes me as the guy Q correct me if I'm wrong. Even if he didn't own the team, he would go to the game and be acting just like he does. Yeah. Other the owners, they're not going to the game and behaving like that. They going be up. He would sit right down there on the floor floor and, and behave in the manner in which he behave Percent. 'cause you could see the enthusiasm whether people outta him or not.


Hey, he'd be, he'd definitely be a guy you love to play for. I mean look, hey don't worry about the taxpayer. I don't want y'all money. I bill my own stadium there. Hey I don't, hey don't add no sales sales tag. Don't bring no hotel tax. I got all this. Stay in dark and watch this and watch this. I'm about to put more bathrooms and y'all could believe in this thing and I'm gonna be hype about it. Yeah. Because he say he don't want, he don't want on your, he don't want nobody miss any part of the game. So he don't want no long lines. Right. Gotta love them. I gotta, I got, I got, I gotta, I gotta check that arena out man. You been there, you been there Already? I haven't been there, I haven't been there. They just opened it this year.


I, the all the Allstar game is there next year, right? You? I think it's, yeah, I think so. I gotta I gotta get out there too. I ain't been out there yet neither. Yeah, I wanna shake it out. Thunder, Nuggs, Western Thunder, eight days rest Nuggs 24 hours of rest. Q who do you have winning and in how many games? I hate picking the games and all that. I got, I got the, I got the Thunder winning I guess I would say. I would say about six games. Damn. That's what I was gonna take. I was gonna take the Thunder in six also. Yeah. Who you like it? Don't Joe? Man listen, I I, I like damn that's a good one.


Yeah. Yeah. I like SEAI like, I like the rest of them boys. I like the bench. Them damn Nuggs man. They, they, they not too far coming removed from a championship. They got experience being in the playoffs. I know they don't have as much depth but I got, I got the Nuggs in seven Mm. I mean SG is a load man. And the thing is that look, when you got, they got two bigs. They got Che and they got Hartenstein they can throw at Yolk they got depth As, as, as Q was talking about earlier. They got wing defenders. You go lou.you got Caruso, you got Wallace, you got Isaiah Joe, you got Williams, they got five guys five.


So at all time they're gonna have two to three Premier wing defenders on the court at all times. There are very few teams that can say that. Yeah. I mean there I, as a matter of fact, there ain't no other team that can say that to have that can have that many wing defenders on the court at all times Because Lou dot and Lou dot and Williams. Williams is is the guy that's going, they'll probably put on no they probably probably put dot, I think they gonna put dot on on Jamal Williams. Ja Jamal Murray. I think they'll go start with that. And they all could make a three. Huh? They all could defend but they all could make a three too. Yes. I think Kristen Brown is gonna start off on SGA.


I don't think Gordon will start on him. Gordon is a little Gordon matches up better against bigger guys, not as quick guys. Right. SG is a little bit too, I think he's a little bit too quick for ag although that body might wear him down. Hey lemme just say this about SGA right. Y'all saw how many times he scored 20 points in a row. How many times he scored 30 points. Yep. That mean can't nobody in the NBA stop him Regardless of side, regardless of I'm talking about it don't regardless of anything Oto the number told that like look at what he averaged. Look at how many times he scored what he scored. When you do that in the N NBA A that gives you the right to look, spin me around with my eyes closed and stop me wherever I look.


Nobody can't guard me. I'm direction on point. They cannot not guard me. Right. That's what he has shown. And this ain't just one, this has been two, three years running. Yeah. After 30 and putting up 30 this many times in 20. Like bro when you and 30 and 50 on, on on Efficient 30 now mean you could get 30 and shoot 45%. He shoot no as a guard to get that many points and to be that efficient. There ain't a whole lot of guys that's ever done that in the NBA. He could say you can't guard me and they could ask you, they could ask him who you talking to? He say whoever listening, whoever, listen, whoever heard me, they can't guard me.


You know the thing is Q, when you dealing with a player like that you right but I'm gonna make it as tough. I'm gonna try to make it. You get that, you get 32 but it's gonna be inefficient. You gonna shoot 10 or 27. That what you supposed to do. That's what I'm not fitting. Let you, I'm not Finn let you go 19 or 26 on me 'cause now all of a sudden that's gonna be damn near 50 because I know you gonna get to the foul line. You gonna get to the foul line at least 10 times. Now the throw ain't gotta like about the playoffs, they don't call that tiki tack stuff in the playoffs. You gotta damn draw blood to get a five in the playoffs. Hey man, you see he ain't played about when the last thing he played eight days ago? Yeah like eight days. That's because they was dishing out there work, You know thing Tiki birthday parties, he chilling doing commercials and stuff like he ready, the best game for the Nuggs to steal is game one because they might be a little rusty with all that time off.


If you notice that's not a real thing. Huh? That's not a real thing. That's not, you don't think so? No. I feel like that's a narrative that we use after the result of the game comes out. If they come, if, if if OKC come out game one and beat them by 20, nobody's gonna say nothing about Rush. They gonna say oh no this they gonna say the rest was good for 'em but like yeah clearly they lose. They say oh they was nah. We as athletes know like bro you could go, you could have a week of rest or you could play the next day if it just depends on how you feel. Right. They ain't got nothing like, You know what I'm saying? Some of us that had some of my best games on the back to back or your best games when you dead tired but you didn't Think you was gonna have but it just, You know what I'm saying, like to me that's, that's a narrative that we use or that's easy to use after the result of the game comes out.


How many times during the regular season do you get eight days off? Hmm. Outside of all Star break. You don't that's my point. You normally because there's, you can't simulate what you actually do in the game by doing shoot arounds and them scrimmages five on five or three on three or whatever you guys do. True. You have, there's nothing like game situation. Right. A game situation. Right. If you got those, those guys haven't had a game situation in a very, very long time. And if you look at I thought the Lakers having all that time off. No what you call 'em they was already locked into the three C. I mean the six C once they, once they won that game and I think the Warriors lost but we'll see we we're going to see SGA is gonna be interesting 'cause I think like you said, I think Christian Brown is gonna start on on gonna start on SGA but I think the thing is people don't realize how tall SGA is.


He's not a small guard. Six, he's six seven. Yeah six, seven. You know people looking at him like he's 6 3 6 4. He's not, he's a tall, he's tall as hell. Yeah I've seen him up close. He's he's taller than you Think. You more physical than people think. Yeah. Hey unc you Think, you think them having so many days off going to this next series, you think having that much time off it do more harm than good or you think the opposite? I think the thing is is that that first game, 'cause a lot of times especially at home you like you try to fill your way in, you try to let the crowd build up and teams race out to a big lead on you. They get you.


So that's why he's like hey let's go ahead and try to get this first game because we know that we gonna get the best that that that first that best effort And since we here we might as well try to, it's two but yes, I think the best game for them to try to get is game one because they not getting game two so they come out. So what if they come out smack them game one and what if them eight days were used to like hey we had some guys that had some little knickknacks bang little, You know son this that they done got healthier and get healed up. Yeah. That day to practice and ramp back up and get ready for the games. And we still done got healthier too because like you said, when else during the season do you get eight days? The rest you don't. Right. So whatever knickknacks you got, we all know you them coming with you for the rest of the way.


What about, what about rhythm of shooting and doing all those things that you normally do every day or ev excuse me, not every day but every other day or every two to three days? Yeah young team, for all intents and purposes they shouldn't have been having no days off. This is a young squad, they a young NBA they, they average 24 years old for they team. So maybe they take a day or two the first day off. But even then right guys should have been in and out of the gym getting activated, doing some ways, doing something, just getting some shots up. Not going crazy but they shouldn't have had days where they didn't do anything that'd be dropping the ball. If they've actually done that, they should be all of those. These dudes are young boys. They not, they, they ain't got no real OGs or old heads on their team like that to really be like, we not doing nothing today.


Every day they should have been doing something. Even if it's light load, they should have been coming in and just getting some free throws, getting some treatment, getting their body activated and just staying ready. Yeah. Well ain't shit ain't nothing to do in Oklahoma. So Yeah, they should have been in there anyway. You absolutely right. Ain't, aint nothing popping off in Oklahoma. I don't know if you ever been to Oklahoma Ocho but ain't ain't nothing about popping off. Oh Ain't you forgot I went to Langton University. Oh yeah, I forgot you did went to Lang. Yeah so You know. Yeah I went to Langston. Yeah I know about Steelwater coil. Yeah I know. Yeah. I I didn't stomp the ground. Yeah so You know aint ain't, ain't nothing jumping off. So you're right. That's, that's why they so good. Imagine that young team in Miami, Atlanta, la ooh distractions lot, lots guys can get focused sometimes that's the best thing.


Go to a a destination and a lot pop, pop it off. You can focus on what you need to get focused on. You can get done what you need to get done and Right. But SGA was gonna be SGA was gonna be what he was gonna be in LA you see that maturation, you see it year after year that dude got better and better, better and better, better and better. He master a, he got stepped back, he was a three level score. He can get all the way to the rim. He got a mid, he got a three game, he got snatch, he going to the free throw line eight to 10 times a game. Yeah. And you mess around. He might go 15 to see he, those kids need to understand out there the way he got this swagged out the way he got this cocky, this confident repetitions.


Yes the kid is a gem rat. He, this don't happen by mistake. Every move just named the, that them him doing it that smooth and making it look that nice. That don't happen by surprise. That don't happen. Right. 'cause he rolled out of bed and he, nah that's reps that's going to the gym constantly and putting in that work to where it ain't even a question when he go out here, he already know what moves he could call on and he know how to set him up and lay 'em down because he done did it a million times. This at this point


Seeking The truth never gets old. Introducing June's journey, the free to play mobile game that will immerse you in a thrilling murder mystery. Join June Parker as she uncovers hidden objects and clues to solve her sister's death. In a beautifully illustrated world set in the roaring twenties with new chapters added every week, the excitement never ends. Download June's journey now on your Android or iOS device or play on PC through Facebook games.


And the dream season Is now complete. The Golden State Warriors of the 2015 NBA Championship on the new limited podcast series dubbed Dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examined the controversial move that made it possible. It's never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


The Warriors on the brink of blowing another three one lead throughout NB history. There have been 290 instances in which a team has gone three one in the playoffs. The series only 13 times has the team come back to win. The Warriors know all too well about blowing three one lead if they're one of the 13 teams to do so. Q who you got tomorrow night? Ah, man, this is a tough one for me. 'cause You know Game seven is you, you throw everything out the window. But, but I can't not roll out with with with with with the Light Skin Assassin and Jimmy Buck and, and Draymond just with the experience they got, man.


Like if I'm wrong I take that to the 10. But I I just with the, just with the inconsistencies, inconsistencies of the young boys over there in Houston, I gotta, I gotta no inconsistency of Jalen Green. Go ahead and say that. Everybody else, Hey Fred Van Fleet, the last five games have been on one. Hey that's the listen I feel like we don't even respect like, oh Fred Van Lead is a champion a dog, You know what I'm saying? Like he gotta give proper respect. He doing what I expect him to do. He over there and like Win Loser draw Houston Rockets is going be back Win loser draw. They they gonna be right back like they forgot something. They got ate, got them boys growing.


I love what I love. You know what I'm saying? Like we talking about Van being a veteran OG out there that's able to get it done and impact the game and be able to show them and say what he's saying and it means something. 'cause he out there. So I I I like what they got going on. But even still with that being said, I don't know you got, when you got, when you got that little dude number 30, then all it take is if he ain't hit one it it, it, now we we in the Matrix, he turned to Neo and everything else don't, it don't matter. We done all seen it happen. The the game could, could, could hinge on that right there. If he come out and make one shot and start looking funny. If he give you a little shimmy, it's curtains, You know what I'm, it's around it's, I be a long night and it's like, I don't know like you say with the, with the, to me when I say inconsistencies with Hus, it's like they don't know where they going, where they gonna get they scoring from, from night to night.


It's like, it's nice like, You know who leads to miss scoring and You know who you would expect to do it but like, it's not, it's not concrete. You can't hang your hat on it. Like, all right we going such and such from from this player or that player. It is like it might be anybody. And when you got something like that it, it is hard for me to roll a dice with that. Mm. Yeah Look, she goon has been some sensational, he's been doing a great job. He leaves him in points, rebounds assist and steal. I thought I may inserting Steven Adams, he was the difference maker last deal, other, other night. Yeah. He gave him rebounding, he gave him toughness. He did every, he did all the right plays. You know that he went to Hacker Adams, he made nine of 16 and some, sometimes I think that takes the, the team out of their rhythm because You know, you don't get a flow, you stop, you don't get to go up and down.


But, and I don't know what Fred Van Fleet did from games three through six. I mean four through six. Yeah. But he been on one. Yeah, he, I mean he's been on one. I mean he, I'm talking about he's coming down on the break and he like, ah nah you under the basket. I don't want the two, I want this pull up, I want this 26 foot pull up. Yeah. And it's been, it is been money. I like what they're doing when it comes to Steph because hey, he tries to come off that pick. They doubling make him get a ball up. 'cause I don't believe, look Draymond, I'm not worried about Draymond. You know that Draymond always take the first shot because he wide ass open nigga leave Moton too. You not gonna, you not finna make al those Steph Curry can. So you shoot as many of them as he want.


Draymond Yeah, we not gonna worry, we're not gonna worry ourself with that. But what we will worry ourself with is to make sure Steph, don't get a real, don't catch fo us keep Jimmy Butler off the free throw line because You know he's gonna attack the basket. It's gonna be interesting to see Steve Curl. How did he play this thing? Because remember the other night he started Gary Peyton a second, he went away from his normal lineup with Zelinski. So does he go back to that queue or does he still, does he ride, does he ride with Gary Peyton a second again? Or is, is Moody inserted into the starting lineup? What's he go, what's he gonna do? I might start Moody and bring, bring up, bring, bring G off.


'cause he's a pace changer to me. You know what I'm saying? He comes in and supposed to break Braze the energy and things like that. If it's not right, try and get some energy, defensive energy going. I would start Moody to see, I mean I like what Moody's been doing. He presents a, a, a a a, a lot of length defensively, You know what I'm saying? And I wouldn't, I would start him, he, he's been shooting the ball. I mean, not, not as, as well as you want, but he makes some big shit. Yeah. He's hit some big three. Really? Yeah, he's strong. He's strong. That he, he'll knock down the shot and he'll make some plays, drive to the basket. And like I say, most importantly, he got that, he got a lot of lean defensively. And that's, You know, that's always big in these games. Ocho what you thinking? The Warriors gonna blow another three, one lead.


Absolutely not. You know, Curry not having another bad game like that. Listen, even what, even what they tried to do, trapping him, You know, making, making all shots contested. It's, it is not happening. Listen, the Warriors have a championship pedigree and there's no way in hell they lose a game. Seven. Not like this. It's, it is, it is deffinitely. It's definitely not gonna happen. I think Draymond, Draymond can do what Draymond does. Jimmy Butler, like you say, he gonna get to the basket. Whether they try to stop it or not, he gonna be aggressive. He gonna be playoff. Jimmy like we used to seeing in him when he was with Miami and, and, and Curry. He gonna cook. He gonna cook. Especially after, after that last game. He's not gonna have another performance like that.


I think Draymond need to make sure he stay within himself. 'cause I think sometimes he get going too early and he kind of gets himself, he gets himself out of, out of rhythm. He gets early files, he gets texts, and now he knows in a game like Game seven, they going to probably gonna take early. 'cause he know they're not gonna throw him out. They don't want to impact the game like that. So he, he under, he has a very good understanding because yeah, most players to do what Draymond done. Oh, they'd be gone. They'd be teed up. Woo. Oh, when you say Woo, take that with you on, on the way. Yeah, you outta here bro. Yeah, but they, they wouldn't do, they wouldn't do, they wouldn't do do that to him in the playoff though, huh? No, that's what I'm saying. He knows that. Oh, okay, okay. Yeah, but I think sometimes it gets some, it gets somebody his game now, sometimes he, he riles himself up.


It gets the team going. But it had the opposite effect the other night. It got the Rockets going. Yeah. Pin goon. They was, they was pounding him on the glass. I mean, they crushed him. They crushed him on the glass. They had 25 offensive rebounds. That's part of Dre MA's superpower though. He gotta play with that edge. He gotta play with the, You know, with the way he played. That's, that's part of what, what makes him him, if he doesn't play like that, he's not as impactful as, or as effective as he can be. Now I agree with you. He gotta toe that line and tuck it in when he need to. But like, he absolutely gotta play like that to be the most impactful and the best version of Draymond Green. Like you say, he can't step over that line, but he gotta tow it. And, and plus that big lineup that Houston go out there with, with, with Sam, with Sam, Adam, with Stephen Adams and Shung goon.


The Warriors can't match up with that. That's why Adams and Shung Goon was killing him on the glass. Yeah, because you really, you don't wanna play Loony. You really don't. 'cause he don't really give you a whole lot offensively. He said big and he could rebound, but sh Goons gonna punish whoever on the, on Yeah. On the offensive end. And so now you got Big Adams, they like, okay, now you take a shoot off the floor. We, we, we want you to play. You know, they try to, they try to put posts out there who's a big, that can stretch the floor and shoot that, but he is a little bit too inconsistent. Yeah. So I, if, if I, I man, I'm gonna keep listening Curry, I'm gonna try to get the ball out his hand as much as I possibly can. I'm gonna trap him every chance I get, he goes to that corner. Hey, let the big guy roll.


We can come, we can come from, we give you help backside. But hold on, we're not letting Curry get no easy shots. Huh? Listen, we, we talk about Curry, we talk about Jimmy, we talk about Draymond. We ain't talking about the elephant in the room. What Isker gonna do about Minga, obviously you, you're mostly one of your most athletic players. He lived or play on both ends Beating against the rocks and the game during us, the regular season against the rocks, he averaged the most points for the Warriors against them. So It only makes sense. Said it only makes sense in the game seven to put him in there. Steve Iker said Jonathan, where gonna be? Steve Kerr said Jonathan Domingo returns to the rotation of the a hundred percent on the table for in game seven. A hundred percent Domingo is on the table. We kind of found a formula here in the latter part of the season.


We've stayed with that formula, start this series of three one things are going well and obviously last few games have gone very poorly. We have to assess everything, the lineup, combination start all of that. We have to assess, I don't know why he fell out of favor and what happened with that, but did y'all see him the last time he got in the game? He didn't look like he was like, didn't look locked in and looked like he would be. I hope the young fella do get out there and ball out his thing. But I hope so. On the list of everything that he did last time, it don't look likely. Don't look like he's mentally there. You know, like when you a young fella like that, I don't know how easy it is for you to get back into it.


Right. Hey, hey q when when you have a coach that that is not playing you and you don't know what's going on or, or what happened, obviously we don't know from the outside looking in what happened internally for, for, for you to be one of the best players on that team that can contribute on both, on both ends of the court and then not get any playing time. It has to be, it has to be something, it has to be something that we don't know publicly. But I mean I, I hope his confidence is there, You know, after not playing for so long. Some, sometime something like that can do something to your mental obviously when he does get in the game or is he gonna be gunshot? Is he going to be scared to pull the trigger? Is he gonna be hesitant? I mean if it was me, my boy, I'd be like, listen, I can't take it personal.


He benched Jason Tatum, who am I to be mad at? Okay, okay, Okay. That's me. I'm gonna just take it like a champion, keep it moving. That's a Going, you feel Me? That's a good one. I mean real talk though. Like yeah, I don't, I don't know what Minga has done, but he's definitely been out of the rotation and he's one of their more athletic guys. He can defend, he can get to, he can get all the way to the rim. He can occasionally knock down the three, that's not his strong suit, but for whatever rea hey, he don't even get no moop up minutes. Like damn let, hey let, let me break a sweat so I don't have to get on the bike after the game. He can't, he can't even get no cardio in. He gotta get on the bike after the game after Sydney. Like I'm all steal and I gotta get 30 minutes on the station every bike.


And then you saying he was getting shots up after one of the games and everything. Like that's a, that's a little bad signal. Like yeah, I'm hot. Like, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. He probably said get me a Hey y'all, y'all ain't gonna play me. Get me outta here, let me go somewhere a let me go somewhere. At least I can get, I can play. I ain't saying, hey look, I'm not saying I'm SGAI ain't saying I'm one of the five 10 best players in NBA but damn I see guys that I know I'm better than and they getting 10, 15 minutes a night and I can't get that. Yeah, I know a perfect place for him Be moving around. Know the perfect place for him too, Man, ain't nobody coming there.


You know the perfect place bro. Right, right here. You think somebody always wanna go to the, you wanna go to the Miami Heat with them 19 with them 1955 rules. You don't, don't. Hey listen, it ain't, it ain't it ain't bad as you think it is man. People make, listen, when you look at the, look at the guys that go there, they have some of they best years of they careers when they go there and look at the guys leave, I saw Dwayne Wade leave, I saw Jimmy Butler leave, I saw LeBron James leave now that's three of the best players that you've had in the last 15 years. Now tell me what I don't know q what you, hold on, hold on, let, let, let him finish up. You could, you could chime him out. Mq, we all got family, right?


Yeah, yeah. Sometimes, sometimes you get mad at auntie or your uncle or your cousin or even your mom or your brother or sister. Right? I like that. I like where you're going. I Ain't leaving him. They they he, Hey look, he didn't leave for good. He left and went over his auntie house and then he came back over here and back our house. He came back. You Think, you think Jimmy coming back? I didn't say Jimmy came back. I was talking about D Wade when we said that. When we Oh yeah. Okay. What about LeBron? LeBron going back to Miami? No, I said family. Yeah, but I'm saying the mere fact that family left. If I, if I leave the house, yeah, I might come back when I'm on hard time. D Wade d Wade was a different type of family.


Like D Wade was drafted, homegrown there, that's Dade County and he left say you can't say the same for LeBron or Jimmy. So it wasn't that same type of thing. Q he left and came back and they both admitted that it was some wrong doings and reasons why they left and they came together and pieced up and it's all love. Yeah. Yeah. All I know this is from them. This ain't Mark, he's all love. But I see D Wade is part owner in the Utah Jazz. He's sitting coincide in the Utah jazz. Why isn't he sitting coincide in Miami? His family now? No, no, no. Time out. Time out. D Wade do be sitting courtside in Miami. He got a statue in Miami and here he and deservedly so the smart businessman and deserving and deservedly so.


But we can't act, we can't pretend like people do not aren't fed up with Pat Riley in those RK wave Q that's, that's not being true you hear, but it it, it work it can't, it it go two ways though. You gotta understand that some of those same ways that people being critical of are, are, are the reasons for some of the most brilliant careers that you talk about. Ooh. The best version of LeBron James that You know was right there under those arcade. Amen. Yeah, tell me I'm wrong. I still like LeBron when he went back to Cleveland. No, you ask anybody in the league that LeBron jacket Yeah, them two years back to back please. Yeah, please. Yeah that was, that was, that was hell on Wheels Boy.


You hear me like please you talking about and okay, okay, let's say that. What made LeBron leave on both sides, okay. That he had his best years and then what made LeBron leave during the 27 game winning scream? What happened QI don't know. I You know what happened? Wade said North told said it being taken away. Char, I heard about cookies being taken away. I done heard about all type of stuff, but I also heard that some of the same things that he ran from that he tried to take with 'em and bring it bestow on these other organizations when he went there. So it wasn't all bad.


You already listen, you already know Rich Mav is gonna be there every day. Mav is my chief of staff, not Mav. Excuse me, what's the other one name? Randy. Randy's gonna be there. Have you ever seen LeBron James anywhere without Randy? I have not. Whether it is out in Vegas, whether, whatever the case may be, Randy is gonna be there, You know, so, so Pat should've let him be there. Oh, he gonna be there. You want it? He gonna be there. Don't want it, but You know hell on. You already know what you when you sign up. If you get, if you get YaaS, what you see what the Yiannis brother is where at?


Hey, time out. Time out though. When you just said you already know what you get when you sign up, right? Yes. You can't say that and then say that LeBron came to Miami as a free agent. Yes. Knowing, knowing that the Godfather was the Godfather and the Godfather do what the Godfather does and he always had you signed up for that. I, I did, but not for to be petty and take some damn cookies away. I ain't 10 and clean up. Listen, you took cooking away like I didn't clean up my damn. It could have been, it could have been the headband, it could have been anything but the cookies is what set it up. But like this is what you signed up for when you signed up. I ain't signed up for this.


I signed come down here to get structured. I wanted to play with D Wade, Chris Bar and Okay. Supposed got it got you two championships and it showed you how to go on the rest of the way and be a champion. Yeah. Hold On, hold on. Hey we talking about, we talking about the heat of the old, let's talk about the new heat. Let's talk about the new heat. Pat, what's gonna happen? The new heat? It doesn't matter. It's still Pat running it. I'm don't about to get somebody. No. Oh yeah. I I've been trying to tell you been trying, been trying to tell already. I already know. That's what you that's what you, that's that's what people always understood and knew Pat Riley the Godfather is always won. Move away. How ain't got Kevin Red got Shaq and then they won a championship.


Like they, he always willing to swing for the fences and do what needs to be done, but he don't have the draft capital to do it. What he gonna do now think about it. He couldn't get Kevin Durant, he could get Dame Lillard. So in order to give, let's just say for the sake of argument, Kevin Durant, what do you think it's gonna take for him to get Kevin Durant? He gonna have to give up the hero and bam. Then what? Who can he get y'all? I don't think so. I told, I told you who he going to get. I told you, I already told you already. I told, I think at QI sat down with Pat, pat Riley and Mickey Harrison. I done told Robert Orry. I done talked to ISO Joe. I done told Joe already. And I'm telling y'all, I'm telling you too. I talked to Pat, I sat down with Mick Eon and we gonna get Giannis, we gonna get Ja morron.


I'm trying to figure out what are you but but see here is the thing. Well listen, The only don't Only have the team to have the pieces that they want assets because they gave up all those assets to get said players. Q You know how this thing work a lot of times like man, I wanna go over there and when you get there, they had to, they had to gut it to get you. And so now you there in the same situation, you in where you left from, they're not gonna be able to, I don't see how they get to Kevin Durant in Miami and keep bam in Tallah Hero. Oh, you talking about I want Duncan Robinson and High in High Smith. And you'd be surprised what, what these deals shake out once these players step out and say that they want to be moved.


We saying like, guys ain't been like, been been yielding what you thought. Like when you look at what Rudy Gobert got in his trade and then the trade he got both first Rounders Really? Yeah. Then what, what went, what started happening after he did that? Nobody was getting all of them first rounders and it was looking how did, like how did Rudy get, you get Rudy for all of this and you get such and such for all of that, that it wasn't going the same way. They're not giving as much up, especially when these teams, like, when you get put in that pigeonhole like a player come out and say, Hey, I I want out like you done, you're done. Like, like we ain't gotta we ain't gotta be at your Becking car because we are basically helping you at this point because your dude that said he won't out.


So no matter what happens, you gotta get out. Yeah. Or you got you, your, your situation is blown up. So at that point, all all, if they exhausted to a certain point, it'll get bad. See I told you. Huh? I told you. But here's the thing. Why, why did it get that bad? Why didn't get that bad? They couldn't make pull the trigger for Dame Lier That question. I mean, I don't know the answer to that. I thought that, I thought that was a done deal like everybody else because they didn't want to give up Tyler Hero. I don't, I don't see a, I don't feel a scenario where a team doesn't get Tyler Hero back as a piece. Do you see that scenario? You never know man. You know, I didn't see, I didn't see, I didn't see a scenario on the planet where Dallas was trading Luca.


But look what happened. Yeah. So I, I didn't learn my lesson like I didn't see Shaq get traded. You know what I'm saying? MJ left the Bulls like anything happen in the right circumstances, they'll do whatever they feel is the best. That's just how it go. And then they gonna tell you that's good business. You know what I'm saying? What, what's best for the organization? That's why I don't be mad when players go do what they gotta do. I don't see it. People been taught, people been Pat Rod supposed to have done, had Kevin Durant when Kevin Durant was a free agent. When Kevin Durant got traded, when Kevin Durant was a free agent and Golden State, he didn't go. He didn't, well LeBron was there so he couldn't go there.


Okay. When he became a, when he goes to the Nicks, I mean the Nets then what? No, pat Riley, he get traded to Phoenix still no Miami heat at some point in time. Bocho, you need to give up. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Listen, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm letting y'all go back and forth about it. Hypotheticals. I already know what's gonna happen. I told you Think you got Giannis and Ja. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We gonna, we gonna work on the bench later on. Like, Lemme ask you this. When you get and Ja is, is is hero and bam still there? We, I ain't get to that part yet. I didn't even want to ask that. Nowhere for the record. Let me just let both of y'all know. Bam. Not going nowhere. No. Bam. No. The new Alonzo and Ud, he's not.


Thank you. He not going nowhere. That's like that, that that's how they keep this thing going because they find that one pillar and they pass it on to the next one and bestow it onto him. He'll be there. He a pimp. Alright. There it's, and I don't see a scenario where team, they're gonna want Tyler hero. You know that. I know that now. Maybe Phoenix says, well we got Devin Booker, we really don't need Tyler hero. 'cause they basically play the same position. They both with two basically twos. Phoenix need a point guard. That's what Phoenix need. Phoenix was at their best when they had Chris Paul, let's be all the way real Q Devin Booker can handle the ball, but he's two guard.


I I didn't like when they got rid of cp. I thought they would've been better even when they got Brad, bill, Devvin Booker and Katie. I thought they had Brad Bill that, I mean, PA would've been better off with that score. I I agree. I agree.


The Volume, Seeking the truth never gets old. Introducing June's journey, the free to play mobile game that will immerse you in a thrilling murder mystery. Join June Parker as she uncovers hidden objects and clues to solve her sister's death. In a beautifully illustrated world set in the roaring twenties with new chapters added every week, the excitement never ends. Download June's journey now on your Android or iOS device, or play on PC through Facebook games.


And the dream Season is now complete. The Golden State Warriors of the 2015 NBA Champion on the new limited podcast series Dubb Dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examined the controversial move that made it possible. It's never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dove Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.