
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts. I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures, and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. Well, we know who's gonna be in the Western Conference Finals the thunder, take down the different nuggets in seven games, 1 25 to 93 in game seven. It really wasn't close. Once they made that run late in the second first quarter and they carried over to the second quarter, it really wasn't much of a ball game. But y'all know me. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite uncle. Okay, mid-afternoon cap, but I still your favorite Uncle Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own Bingle Ring of Fame artery Pro bowler all pro.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Also joining us tonight to talk all things basketball. Our contributor who's been joining us for the last month, month and a half. Arkansas Native, university of Arkansas, alum number 10, picking the NBA draft. Y'all know him. ISO Joe, Joe Johnson. Joe, thanks for joining us. Again. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you so much for your support and your continued support. Thank you for graciously accepting Joe. He's been unbelievable for us, so we look forward to seeing in the future. Hold on.


Yeah, we're very accepting of Joe. We love Joe. We like everything he contributes, especially when it comes to basketball. But what I'm trying to understand is I've been begging to play him one-on-one and he don't want no smoke. Hey Chin. We got time. We got time. O Joe. Hey, You listen, me and my time is valuable, that's why I wear a watch and we wasting you ain't, Hey, you ain't got to be in no rush to get this baby. Just chill out. You go get, Alright. Alright, I got you. I got you. Ain't no, ain't no problem.


So thank you for your continued support. Please make sure you check out Shay by La Portier. A premium cognac, the best tasting premium cognac VSOP on the market. Now, if you cannot find Shea ba la Poitier in a city or a state near you, order it. We ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe.


Go check out my media company page on all of its platforms, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84. The link is pinned in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. Tickets for are not Safe for work to all On sale, eight stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, LA, Miami, NYC, Chicago, and Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. That's shehe media.com/tour. Go get your tickets now.


The thunder advanced to the Western Conference finals, thanks to a demolition job at 32 point win over the Denver Nuggets. SGA was sensational in game. In game 7 35 points three steals three or four from the three point line plus 32. Also Jalen Williams, he got his game back also. He's 10 or 17, two or five from the three, two or three from the free throw line. Five rebounds, seven assists a steal plus 35. But I thought the biggest difference in the ball game was Alex Caruso. They, they did something we hadn't seen in a very long time. I don't think I've seen it since high school. Right? They played a boxing one. Yeah, they played zone all across the court and they said, Alex Caruso, we want you to nor the hell outta Yoic.


And he did an unbelievable job because in 26 minutes he was plus 40. He gave you 11 points, five or seven from the field. One of three from the three point line. He has three assists, three steals plus 40 and 26 minutes of action. And I don't Think you can get any more than what they, what they, he gave them everything they thought he, they would get from him. He's always been known as the defender. Now he's added a little offense to his game. Joe, watching this game, I thought the nuggets came out really, really well. But you kind of saw towards the end of that first quarter, they started turning the ball over and when you turn the ball over against the team, they got young, young legs. They get out on you and transition and they turn those turnovers into points. And I thought they really turned, flipped the game late in the first quarter and then they carried it all over into the second quarter.


When you watch this game, I mean, you probably thought like I was thinking, I'm like, okay, nugget, the nuggets came to play today. Aren Gordon sucking it up knowing that a hamstring is bad. You could tell the way he was moving. It's really in, it really inhibited what he was able to do. What you like about what you saw from the, the thunder once they seized control of this ball game late in the first quarter. I mean, that first quarter was exciting, but it, it, it, it made me a little nervous for OKC because You know, Denver came out with it on they mind, but what now? But when I was sitting there watching the game, I'm like, is LeBron going win the game for him? Because he got off to a great start as far as getting some easy buckets he got going, but I said that ain't gonna last long.


You know what I mean? And then I'm watching Gordon run up and down the court. Ain't no way they supposed to let him off the hook, man. He supposed to put him in pick and roll before they get into this zone. You got to make him work. Make him move him. Yeah. Yeah. He couldn't get up and down that floor on ocho. Yeah. So what for me, I thought OKC came out and done they thing, they, they, they took care of game seven when they, when they finally did get a, a hold of the game. You know, I felt like they put their foot in the gas and they just, they kept going. They, they, they didn't let up. And it's good to see that young team come out, take care of home court because I'm gonna be honest with y'all, I don't know about y'all, but I don't wanna see a hobble Denver team going and Right. But, You know, so No, I'm glad OKC handled business. It was, it was a great game.


I'm glad to see that they came out and they took care of business at home. Hey, Hey. Yeah, I Go ahead Ocho. I I was gonna say, listen, the cream always rise at the top, especially a game of this magnitude. It's game seven. So you want, you want the MVP to come up the show out when it matters most, which is back against the wall. Obviously lost the previous game in Denver, but FGA came out unc, he delivered the biggest moment of his career, obviously to date. I'm sure there will be more to come 35 12 for 19 shoe unc he was unstoppable. Yeah. He took advantage of all the mismatches. He toed the goddamn dimon drop covers. See in the closeout. See, see John learning that. I see, I Seen that Lingo ky him lingo. I hear it. I hear It. He would listen.


He was efficient and he, excuse me. And he was able to control Denver's crowd very early. Well, I think the thing also, Joe, is that you can tell Denver's not used to playing a zone, right? Because they kept giving up law backdoor LOBs. Right? They kept giving up the back door, they kept giving the ball up, giving it up in the post. And then now the guy turns around and he got guys wide open for threes and they didn't know how to turn and put bodies on bodies to keep people off the offensive glass. Yeah. So now you see OKC getting offensive rebounds. Now you see 'em getting easy put backs because you are not, you, You know, you going play a zone like, okay, we gonna play this zone and you work on a little bit and shoot around and you might hit it five or six times, You know, five or six minutes.


Right. But that's not what you normally do. It's just a change up to, to try to throw the team off their rhythm. Absolutely. And you can tell they're not used to playing the zone because they gave up so many lines. They gave up the ball to the, the one thing you don't wanna do in a zone is give the ball a in middle. Right. I I have a question. Yeah, go ahead. And then, and, and, and, and Joe, y'all could probably attest to this to answer better than me. Why would you change up what you're doing in Game seven defensively? Why would you even run zone when that's something you really haven't been doing much of when you had success doing what you already been doing previously? Because We're trying to protect Aren go because we know he can't move, he can't move laterally. So we gotta try to protect him. And so we are trying to protect him and we're trying to give them something different right.


Than what they're used to. Let's see if they can make some shots outside. Right. But because that's not something that, it's not like Syracuse, you play Syracuse, Jim Heim, you gonna see that two three zone. Right. And you might get, you might get man to man late in the game because they're trying to get steals, but other than that you are gonna see two, three, that's what they do. Right. So you understand that. So now I'm just trying to change up the look Ocho You know, hey, we're a cover single high safety team. Right. But You know what, to give you a different look, we might sprinkle a little quarters in there. We might figure sprinkle a little cover too, but that ain't really what we do. Right, right, right. Hey, look, that's not what Denver does. Go ahead Joe. I'm I'm, I'm not mad at Denver for throwing the zone in. I thought they created, I thought they created some indecision on, on the thunder part early, You know, they couldn't make shots and then they started forced into the hole.


Yeah, they was making layups. So I I think it flustered 'em a little bit, but once they kind of got the hang of it, they just, they demolished it. They started making shots, they started getting into the teeth of the defense and it was a rap from there. You know, they, they basically seized the moment, man, they took care of this game early. This, this wasn't close, You know, considering by the second quarter, I mean, you could tell it was gonna be pretty much over. Listen, I I I it's just too many turnovers. Yeah. You can't turn Joe, You know, look in, in a game of this magnitude. I'm gonna let you go, Joe. Yeah. In the game of this magnitude, the game seven. Yeah. Or an NFL playoff game. You cannot turn the basketball over at all. You can't turn the football over. Yeah. You play double and you're turning, think about where they're turning the ball over. They're turning the ball over. Hi Joe.


So now you got a two on one, they laying the ball up. Yeah. They fast breaking they every Yes. Yes. And they was turning them turnovers in the points. Yeah. Quickly in Denver with, with, with guys hobbled, You know, they don't have, they, they didn't have enough firepower to come back on the road in game seven. Man. They needed Jamal Murray to play Greg. They needed, you needed to play. Unbelievable. They needed, yo they needed contributions for a lot from a lot of different people and they just didn't get it, man. They didn't get it. Hey listen, we also have to do, we talk about what they did offensively. Now they had 22 turn, they had 22 turnovers, right? You had six. Yes. On Aren Gordon had for Jamal Murray supposed to have an out of body experience, You know, with Aren Gordon being down, but he only had goddamn 13.


And then also the Thunder, they suffocated Joker ca joke Joker. Yes. They sup Boxy went and crowded with bodies. Man, Man, listen, he, he, he had 20, he had 28, 9, but obviously that wasn't enough. There had to be somewhere else where points needed to come from. And by the time, listen, honestly, when I watched the game, the way they came out, the way them came out, I really thought they was Finn run away with the game. Me too. I thought they were gonna the run of the game and by the time it got towards the end of the first, I said, You know what, man, this is over. Now I understand the game of basketball. It's a game of runs. I've come to learn that now. Yeah, man, once they got that far ahead, there was no way it was over. FG was allowing them boys to come back. Yeah, No, you and plus look at Yolk.


He only had five shot attempts. I mean nine shot attempts. Yeah. So in order for him, you need, you needed him to be somewhere in the twenties. You wouldn't have been disappointed if he had 25 shot attempts. You wouldn't have been disappointed if Murray now you'd like to have Murray had 16, but you'd like to be him a little bit more efficient. Yeah, but the one thing, the most disappointing thing to see was Michael Porter Jr. I understand he's injured, but bro, if you can't give us any more than that, bro, you gotta sit down. They're giving us nothing. But they shoulda Nothing. I don't, they shoulda have known that from John. If you haven't, that they played six games previously before this one. If You know NPJ ain't give you nothing since then, why not change it up? Hell, you did it defensively, You know, to try to hide Aren Gordon so he doesn't have to do much on the floor.


So why Star Westbrook? Why not? And and the plus and plus also. Why would you let my, why would you let Gordon bring the ball up? He got an engine hamstring. You see what they tried to do? Like see what they were trying to do? They, they would body in and then move out. The way he start stumbling lose the ball, he on the foul. Yeah. No bro, you ain't got no balance because you, your body knows your body gonna protect that hamstring. Yeah, for sure. You feel that breakaway he started running like, nah, y'all go ahead and go. And I grade two. Grade two. Hey he, he, Hey look, I applaud him just for even suiting up and getting out. Yes. Yeah. He with no grade two man. But yeah, I want to get OKC thunder. I want to get KC thunder credit because Alex Caruso, he fought, man, hey.


Oh, oh yes. That man, that man ain't but what, 6 3, 6 4 guard yoki. He just battling him, wearing him down, making him take tough shots, not letting him blow by him and get easy points. Yeah. And I thought, I thought it worked out great man. I I, I got a lot of respect for Caruso in the fight that he had in this game today. I thought he, I thought, I thought he battled him and made him tired. Yeah. Because he'd be on one side and yo get, feel him, I'm back over here and you'd feel him over here and I'm, now I'm back behind you. Right. So he was always in a situation where he's making yoic work for everything that he's getting. Yeah. Now when he does get the ball here, come Chet, here come.here, come guys. Kirk corralling him, sit down and now they're cor now they're corralling him and putting so much pressure on him and You know, he, he, he trying to throw the ball out.


It's gone. He turned it over. Yeah. He turned the ball, like you said Ocho. Yeah, he had, Gordon had four turnovers. Yoic had five. Russ had, Russ had four. I thought kind of Rus turnover was like the end of the first. I kind of thought that got the thunder out and running. Yeah, because he came in and gave you two quick turnovers right quick. Yeah. And it was up 10 and all of a sudden it's a four point. It's a, it's a six point ball game and now they've got momentum and he, and now they've got momentum. And that's what in the road, You know, Ocho and Joe, when you go on the road and you play in a team building, you cannot turn the ball over because you're gonna get the crowd into the game. Yeah. And as long as you can keep the crowd at base, the better your chances are winning. Once that crowd got into the game.


Right Element started to start burning those that time. Like, gimme time out. But damn, I just took one, two minutes to go guys just slow it down and then turn it over again and now they out the gate and Listen, it don't, it don't make it no better. Hell, hell all five thunder starters finished with plus 24 or better. Right. And the guy from Bench, they gave you 34 on the bench and kept the energy high all game. So not only is the crowd into it, hell, everybody sitting on the bench getting into the game. Plus the starters was out there cutting the food. Yeah. Hey, look, you got Wallace gave him big, big Wallace gave him big minutes, he gave him 29, he plus 38 wig is 19. He gave you, plus he gave you 19 minutes. He's plus 19 Caruso in only 26 minutes. He's plus 40. I thought if it had to be an MVP, now look, I know Shaa is Shay Shaa did what I thought Shaa would do, but I thought it was Caruso's hounding of Yoic Ma forcing him into turnover, making him take quick shots because he had one, he got the ball, he forced it up quick, he got the rebound, he put it up under it and they took it from him.


Yeah. And so I thought he played, I thought Caruso played really well and Shea being Shaa Shea's the MVP. But I thought that game seven MVP might have been Alex Caruso. Yeah. I thought collectively as a team, they all done a great job in corralling and making it tough. But man Denver just came out of game seven. Like there's two game sevens. You know what I mean? That's a, that's a lot of, that's a lot of work. A ocho You know what I mean? Yes. And th th th this game of basketball mans for the, for them young legs, bro. And the OKC came and they brought it and they wore them. They wore them guys down. Guys started breaking down throughout the series and they took advantage of it. Whoa, whoa, whoa. I just thought about something.


Hold on. I just thought about something. I could have swore, I could have swore we had a bet on the game seven, didn't we? Or did we not make a a light little bet you, you, You must be talking to Oh, Did we make a little a light little bet on the on game? No semi game series. I, Man, You know, man, you saw I I was the one that brought it to your attention. That go was rubbing that ha that left hamstring. Okay. And I don't want no part of that. So, so that wasn't you. So that obviously Joe, Joe, that might have been you. Nah, that wasn't me, man. I was going for OKC. Okay. So If that's the game That, that's right. Okay. We did agree, we did agree with SGA on, on on pulling out for game seven. Right. But we got, but we wait, we, we got something coming up now. This Western Conference finals. Now wait, Talk to me now. Don't listen, don't, don't what whatever you do, don't be on the wrong side of history.


Don't be on the wrong side of history. So who you got I'm going with man. I was finna say that man. Oh, you want OKC? You look like you on OKC, Man. I'm man Ant man is basically me reincarnated, but he just on the basketball court. What you talking about? I talking about on the court and off the court? What's the difference, Man? Listen, I got the T Ws you can take Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. Okay. And I, I'm giving you the Knicks, I'm giving you the Knicks, I'm taking the post. Oh, the Knicks. Listen, I'm gonna tell you right now, listen, I already got the script. I'm not gonna tell you I'm, I talked to Adam Silver. Right. The Knicks are going to be in the finals no matter what because bills gotta be paid.


You, you, you don't hear me. Huh? They got a good chance. I Hear you. Bills got to be paid. Commercials, sponsorships, endorsements. They don't need to, they're not gonna allow a small market to be in the finals. So I'm telling you right now, everybody, well, Not too small markets because everybody's small market other than Nicks. Okay, so what, you see what I'm trying, are you picking up what I'm putting down? Yeah. Alright. Highest plus minus off the bench in a game seven this century. Alice Caruso plus 40 Wallace, Carson Wallace plus 38 Monte Ginobili plus 32. Those are the highest plus minuses off the bench this century in a game seven.


Like I said, I thought Alice Caruso, I've always liked Alice Caruso when he was at the Lakers, he did all the dirty work. He and LeBron played really, really well together. Just like LeBron and, and, and, and, and Kobe other, the Ozarks. Yeah. Reeves, officer Reeves, they play really well together. Very HighQ. A very high IQ ball players. Neither one of those guys, Reeves or Caruso are the most physically gifted. Yeah. They're not six nine, they don't have this imposing body. They just do all the things. Right. Yeah. Caruso's gonna be where he's supposed to be. He going take the charges, he going block the shot, he gonna steal the ball, he's gonna do all the nasty work that sometimes doesn't show up in the box score.


But coaches and, and teammates really appreciate the effort because they know he's gonna give you the effort. The same thing. I think Caruso is more of a defensive guy. Officer Reeve's more of an offensive guy. Caruso can score. He can't score. Like Austin Reeves. Austin Reeve, we've seen Officer Reeves go get you 40 points in the game matter. He averaged 20, he averaged 20 this year. 25 and five. Hey, can I tell you something about, about, about by res for sec? Yeah. You know, you could tell certain individuals by their style of play and the way they play and the way they produce, he grew up with us. Oh yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm just saying without having, without, I'm not gonna say it the right way, but he grew up with us. He grew up playing with us.


Yeah. That's where you get that from. Yeah, But I'm gonna leave, I'm gonna leave it at that. Go, go ahead. Hey, I think Caruso and Wallace obviously played a huge role in today's win. They didn't, they didn't wow you as far as points, but they, them being disruptive Yeah. On the defensive end, which allowed them to kind of get out. I mean they, they both, I thought they'd done a great job defensively. Three stills, two stills. They were very, very effective defensively, which kind of got OKC out and got them out and got them some easy buckets. This is gonna be the, the next series for, for OKC is gonna be a special one, man. Because I think your role players are gonna play a major factor in this Arthur Ocho.


Yeah. I mean, because the bench, the role players had nine of the 16 steals. Yeah. So when you look at it, you look, you mentioned you had Caruso, he had three steals. You had Wallace, he had two steals. So that's five of the 16 between those two guys. And that's what flipped the game around. Yeah. Because now all of a sudden they started playing pass name lanes, all of a sudden they started getting deflections. And so now, and when they're were, they're getting those deflections, Hey, it's 2, 2 3 dribbles and I'm laying the ball up. Yeah. Yeah. They, it ain't no at the baseline. I'm getting still at the baseline. No, I'm getting steals. You know, I'm playing pass lane. I mean, think about it. They got a couple steals. Lou Dork did a great job of pulling the chair from under Gordon. Yeah. At the, at, at the, at the Half court.


Yeah.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


One dribble pass ahead to Caruso dunk. And we saw a lot of that. And those are the things that Alex Caruso has done everywhere. He's been, like I said, he doesn't wow you offensively, but you really appreciate the things that he do defensively because You know that is really, that's contagious. That's effort. You know that guy, he is like, Hey, I know my job. Right. And there's nothing more than a guy that knows his job. If you work in the mail room a make sure the mail's sorting, Hey, make sure, hey, my mail is in my box. Ash mail is in her box. Jordan mail that day, man, why is Jordan mail in my box? You got one job. Yeah, that's it. Hey, everybody Has a job. Everybody has a responsibility and when everybody accepts their job Right, accepts their responsibility and do that to the highest level.


Yes sir. I don't need you to be a CEO because sometimes, You know, you get people on, on Joe, we need trying to be the CEO and all we need is cashiers. And sometimes we don't need cashiers, we just need a janitor. Right. I like that. I like that. But listen, I, I don't, I don't mean to be off topic. Right. But I just wanna make sure I I I I'm trying to keep the main thing, the main thing. And I wanna get that fitness. Now I'm in the east. Who you got in the east? Who me? Yeah. Who got who? You got these? I'm gonna go with Bronson. Okay. You want with the knick. So that, that's a smart small choice. Now we got the wolves and we got the thunder. Who, who you taking? Man, I gotta go with the home. I gotta go with the home team. I gotta go with, I gotta go with a man, a man from Georgia.


You, You a small man. Not Joe. I'm coming to you, Joe. Now I got, I got my pad out right now. So I'm, I'm gonna write everything down now. So can't nobody renege. So Joe, who you, who you got in? Who you got out east? I told you man. I'm, I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take Indiana for this. Oh. So you gonna take Indiana? So now that you taking Indiana. Right. Make it light on yourself man. Okay. How much we talking? How much We better? I'm gonna write it down right now. Now we can, we can, we can bet the little friendly honey back. We can bet the little friendly honey back. Honey, you ain't even sick. You ain't sick me to honey. You owe me. Yeah, no, I got you. I got you. I'm gonna send the send over there to you. Hey, just a little honey, we ain't trying to, You know me no feathers or nothing, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe.


Don't make me do nothing to you Joe. Why you wanna do something and I ain't doing nothing to you. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. You wanna, you wanna get at me over a hundred, but you owe somebody 5,200. But listen, it ain't no problem And I owe on 5,200. Right. But no, he gonna get that 5,200 because I put it aside. I know that. Huh? I told you I'm gonna pay you, but Joe, Joe bet me. Right, Joe. Bet me. But Joe is not. He's not. It's been two weeks. You ain't sent my money yet. What? Boy? It's been six months and you ain't paid me nothing.


I know, but we listen, you and I, we, we, we different, like, You know we work. We, I got I got you bro. I got Don't Trump. Hey, alright. Right. Listen, I don't listen, yo, I won't have to do nothing to you. Boy. I can tussling man. I I told you, I told you what they called, they called me. They called me hella hands. I don't want, I don't wanna have to put nothing on you. All right. Okay. I, Joe, You know I'm doing bad right now. OI can really use that 52. Hey listen, whatever you need now, listen. It ain't gotta be 52 now. You limited 500 now you tell tell me get it too Limit. Five. 500? Yeah. 500 grand. I got you. I got you can't go with 500 'cause I can't make that back up. Whatever you need. No, I'm, I'm phone call away. I think I'm, I I I think, I think I'm gonna be okay for the time.


B. Okay. Oh, Matter fact. Hey, hey. Huh? Hey Joe. Boy, guess where I'm at? What? Yeah. Where Boy? I'm in Houston still. Oh Lord. That now listen, listen, stay with me real quick. Stay with me now. They told me two days ago you can leave Houston any day you want to, but you can't leave on Sunday. That's What's going on on Sunday. I don't know, they call it Sunday Fun day. So I'm at the cigar bar, I'm at the den on Alameda. Right. And then Mother, they say after, after I do the show, they taking me to to area 29. I don't know what area 29 is. I never been there. I heard the area 51. I that's at, You know, where they keep the aliens and stuff.


So I'm from area 29 after that. Right now I'm at, I'm at the den. Hey, I was out here at the den yesterday for seven hours. I heard some of the greatest stories of all time. Scarface was out here. And George's Funny, funny that you say that. I just got off the phone with Face and he talking about, man, hey man, you need to come out here and break bread with me. We can go work, You know, we can go play golf. Say bro, I don't play no golf. You don't play golf? No, I, I don't play none either. But hey, if you, if you, I know you don't like coming to Houston. I don't like coming either. I come once every six months we got to come to the den. Huh? You smoke, right? No, but they got, they, they got the La Portier in here though. They do?


Yeah man. That's what I'm talking about, man. People supporting you all over the world, man. You and you global. You I about eight, I was about to be on the pipe. Hey Joe, you come to Houston. I was about to smoke. I was about to start smoking. I ain't, I ain't been out. Hey, well you shout out man. No, you gotta we gotta have a fellows trip. We gotta have a have a fellows trip. Joe, you smokes cigars. I ain't no cigar smoker. Least You. You gonna smoke with me? We gonna come to the gym. We gonna put the chairs out on the sidewalk. We going. People watch if the people go by on a Sunday, I'm telling you, you don't wanna miss it. Hey, I like the people watch now. I don't mind. Yeah, Yeah. I'm I'm telling you Miss, I like the people. I like the people watch too. Ocho listen.


Hey boy. Hey. Yeah. Listen for me. I mean it. I'm gonna be in my whole I I'll tell you what, I just want you to hold it up. Just hold the video up. Yeah. I'm gonna be in my room and just have the camera pointed out so I can see the people walking by. Hey, hey Joe. I, I, listen, I've been here two days, right? The graduation was yesterday. Me, it's like being at the zoo and I mean this in a respectful way. It's like being at the zoo, but ain't nothing caged in. Mm. Ain't nothing caged in. They, they just, they just run while everywhere. Mm. It's a beautiful, it's a Joe, it's a beautiful sight. Now my eyes, my eyes work. Right? Right. Ain't nothing wrong with my eyes.


I'm very disciplined. You see, You know, because I, I'm finna get, you see that on my, you see that on my finger? I'm Finn get married that, so I'm real disciplined. Right? So this, this is the good, this is, this is good for me to be, To be. Get it out your system. Mocho, get it out. Your system. Yeah. Hold, hold on. See I'm an amoeba. You know what amoeba, you can put him in any environment and he can adapt. Yeah. Okay. So that's what I've done. I'm adapting, but I'm adapting while still having discipline and structure. Yeah. Because I got a nice foundation that holding to Bill on. I hear you. You feel me? Yeah. Now I'm, it's Sunday, now I'm a priest to you. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I don't wanna touch that. But anyway. Hey, can't seeing Josh Giddy?


There was the trade that happened last off season. Alice Caruso for Josh Giddy. Me personally, I think the trade bene Mutual benefited both guys. Yep. Josh Giddy needed to be a place where he needed to handle a ball. He was never gonna be the player that he was that he can become because Shay's gonna have the ball in his hand. Yeah. He needs to go that predominantly he's gonna have the ball. So I thought it was a great move for Chicago. I thought it was a great move for OKC. Caruso is a guy, Hey, I can just focus on defense. Hey, I give you a little score and I give you a little 10 piece here and there. But my job is to play the passing lane, get deflection, defend at a high level, draw charges. I thought the trade worked out for both of 'em.


I can't, it's hard for me to say, because I saw what Josh Giddy did with the Chicago Well, scoring the ball rebounding, assisting made some big time shots. So it's hard for me to say, Joe, one team won the trade over the other. Right. Yeah. No, I, I think, I think it definitely was a good trade for both teams. I love to see Giddy the way he's flourishing in Chicago, making plays, scoring the basketball. And it got to the point also to where Chicago was playing some meaningful basketball at one point. Yes. I thought Giddy was playing really well. I think Caruso just fits what OKC does as far as Yes. Greedy players, tough players sit down, play defense. Yeah. They can score, they can give you some buckets from, but for the most part defensively and, and, and being effective on on that end is definitely what OKC need.


And I thought Caruso brings that playmaking guard guys. That's a lot bigger than him obviously. And it's, it's worked out for the better. And You know it's gonna be, it's gonna be tested in his next series against these t Wolves though, because they're gonna throw a lot. They're gonna throw a lot of bodies at Ant. Caruso will take him some Lou Doa, take him some. You have Jalen Williams that'll guard him. Son. You got Wallace that are guard him some Isaiah Joe that'll guard him, son. Hey, you got a lot of, they gonna throw a lot of different bodies. They gonna try to wear him down. Huh? Hold on Now. I like what you just said, UNC about them throwing bodies at 'em. But rega, all the bodies you named really can't do nothing with 'em one-on-one. They're going have to be, they're gonna have to have some type of help from somewhere no matter who's What, what I Well I'm just, look, I'm just going to get, try to get as many different looks as I possibly can.


Right. Some guys are as size, some guys are a little taller, some guys are little. Right. It's just that I'm not gonna give him a steady dive of anything. Right. Because it is just like with medicine, if you take it too long, you'll build up a resistance to it. Ah. So I'm not gonna give him a steady dive of anything. I ain't gonna let one guy like, oh you got him the whole game. Lou dot, you got him Wallace, you got it Caruso, you got him. Jalen Williams, you got it. And if we have to, yeah, we'll go to a zone. We'll play that zone and hey pull the boxing one on him. Okay. Yeah, because the difference is I'm not really worried about Rudy Gobert hurting me. Right. I'm not because they got big body, You know, look, Hartenstein gonna give you what he's gonna give you Hartenstein today. He only play 17 minutes.


Five or seven. He gave you seven rebounds, 10 points, seven rebounds. Okay. You got Chet, Chet gave you 13 points on four nine shooting 11 rebounds. So look, like I said, Gobert had those, had a great, had a a really good, great game game five against the Lakers. Yeah. But I'm not expecting him to give me any more than eight to 10 points. Maybe 11, 12 rebounds that 27 24. Yeah. That's over With. Yeah. Well you, you never know because we never thought the 27 to 24 was gonna happen too. So I I'ma I'm gonna say it is based on circumstance. It's based on circumstance. If he ever has an out body experience like that again while playing.


Well the difference is It's not, it's not likely, but there's a chance it could happen. Listen, Because they Got, we might played, we might played a lotto a hundred times. We might not win, but there's a chance we might hit it that one time. Yeah. I was gonna play it, but they told me they moved the lottery tickets under $5 a piece now. So I remember when there was a dollar 92, 3 90 going up to five. I don't know about that. Ocho listen, One thing about it's you can't win if you don't play. True. Hey, can't win if you don't play. Hey baby, my, my daughter's watching Kennedy. I love you. How you doing sweetie? Praise God I love you. All right. The little one. Nah, nah, that's, that's, that's Serenity baby Kennedy. Oh, okay.


I mean you got Both of 'em watching. Hey Serenity, I need to, I need to get me a pad and write all these kids' name down so I be knowing which I need to give me a pad pen so I can write all these kids name down so I know who you talking about. A it's, It's a, it's a lot of 'em now. It's a lot of 'em. I know. That's why I need a pad in pen. Yeah. You know you, matter of fact when you write 'em down add two more to it All. Nah. Alright, Add two more To you. Go right ahead. Huh? I said you go right ahead. Yeah, but I'm finna have twins boy. You ain't know that. I mean, what, what, what better, what better place to break that story than your Nightcap? Praise God. It's cap cap. Huh? Ain't Listen, ain't no camp in ain't no cap in my story.


Everything I tell is truth in it's this real life experience. Oh Joe Name. Hey Joe, do me a favor. As long as you've been on here with me. Name one lie I told Boy you want, you really want me to do this? Yes. Just gimme one, gimme one, gimme one name one lie I ever told The LeBron. The 50, the 50, the 50 point. The 50,000. 50,000 career point ball. Three point ball. That's one. Hold on now wait, wait a minute now now I got the 40,000 point ball and I didn't want to be greedy and ask for the 50,000 point ball. So I already got one of 'em, but I got, I got that one in storage. Hey look, You know how when you, when you lie so much, you build lies on top of lies.


You have to remember all them lies Ocho. That's a lot Man. I don't, Joe, listen to me. I lie for you before I lie to you. I would never lie to y'all because I respect y'all and, and throw anything come out my mouth. There's always some truth to it. A little bit. All right. Okay. I promise. I promise you. Hey, did you see that? You see the, the graphic that we posted all them events you've been at. I, matter of fact, it's so funny now as you think about it, right? Like outta all the graphics, there was only one I really wasn't at. Which one was that? Huh? Which one was that? The the Golf. The golf tournament. Oh, you wasn't at the Target thing. 97? Nah, I I wasn't there.


I wasn't there. I I was at the one. I was, I was at the one in 99 though. Well, so you that Dr. King your speech? Yeah, my, my my my grand, my grandma, my granddaddy was there. They was there. So that, that really counts as me. You Like that Rosa Park? So they asked you to give up your seat first and then they went, then they went Parts. My grandma listen, when Martin Luther King was walking right in the photo, my grandma was right behind Dr. King with my granddaddy. He right there in the picture. You didn't even know that? I didn't know that. Yeah. Yeah. I mean from what I'm hearing now, the where story story's being told they went to you first and asked you to give up your seat.


No, no, no, no. That's not what happened. That's not what happened. 'cause I was already in the back. Oh, you was already in the back. So you already seen your spot? Yeah, I already in back because I, You know, hey, You know back then they were lynching now. Yeah, they were lynching. I wasn't Finn to play like that. I don't, I don't play with any people like that. But we ain't really had no rules. 'cause when you go to the bathroom, it still said whites and colors only. So I You don't play that game. Not back then. Okay. Right. Yeah. I I don't play that. I don't play that. But my grandma, my granddaddy was there though. Yeah, I mean you was a lot of places. I say man, damn, Ocho got around. Yeah. And You know these Hey, before, listen, before with Carmen San Diego. Before Carmen San Diego, it was me. Where in the world is Carmen San Diego?


You remember that? No. Where's Waldo? Yeah, where's Waldo? Yeah, I remember Where's Waldo? It it was me before Waldo. That came from me. Yeah, That came from me. Good today and shit. Ocho I'm Just saying. I I done been everywhere Joe. I'd been all over the world, Joe. I done live two times already. You hear me? Y'all done live two times already. So I really don't lived Two times, lie three times. I, I, I, I don't, I don't lie. I I don't lie. I don't lie. I don't what my, send me down a hundred dollars, Joe. Hey Joe, I'm at Cigar Joe. I buy, I Can't believe, I can't believe you even got on here pressing me about that a hundred dollars.


Man. I'm at the cigar Joe. I wanna buy some Placencia at the den. I'm at the den on Alameda. Just, just send me, send me a hundred dollars. I'm gonna get, they cost $35 a pump, Joe. We gonna talk about it when? When No, we got Ain't boss. Listen, hey face. Come here man. Hey, on here. Go face right here. Is it? Hold on, come on. Hold on, hold on. Sit right there real quick. Say about 85. What's up baby? 85? What's, what he do face? I just talked to you. I just, I just told the champ I just got off the phone with you about an hour ago.


We got something brewing. Hey, got phone. But hey, I told, I told my, I told my brother, I said, man I just talked to Face. He said, man, tell face, hey, I ain't, my game ain't what it used to be. Hey man, but I want, I want, I wanna see what he got. No, no sir. I'm not gonna go out there playing with Sterling. Man. Are you crazy face? He been off, You know he had eye surgery. He had eye surgery. He about to have another one. So he been off for about five months. He just for y'all didn't know Face just had open heart surgery about six months ago. Right. August. August. Okay. Almost a year. Man, that boy strong like bull Blessed by the best.


You good? I'm good man. Man, thank you bro. Hey boy. All right. All right. You know that's, that's Joe. When you see Ocho here in the building with you, that's Joe Johnson. He's our, our basketball contributor. Okay. Hey, what, Hey, what it look like on what it look like with the finals, man? I mean, who going to the, who going, who going to the dance? You trying to bet or you just want what? You just wanna know? I wanna know. I'm trying to bet. Come on. I, I taking, I, I'm takinghe. If I had to bet, if I had to bet money I would take the Knicks and Thunder. But since I ain't betting no money, I'm taking the K Nicks in Minnesota.


Hey, that boy name crying 85 million Prime. He don't pay it. He sure don't love y'all man. I appreciate it. Fa good to see you man. I'll see you soon. Alright man. Oh Joe, how everybody know you don't damn pay. Oh, Nah, nah, nah. I'm, I'm finna pay, I'm, I'm finna pay. Listen, I'm I'm gonna pay you right soon than Joe. When Joe see me, that that hundred, ah Man, the man them bamboos of me done got me into this business. How you get me drag me into this? I Ain't dragging here because you a part of the formula Now you owe that man 5,200 way before I owed you a hundred. Now you didn't me Into this, but I, I, listen, matter of fact, You know what Face ain't telling y'all me and Face got a, a album coming out.


They say do no more music. Yeah. Yeah. Me and you Got yo. Hey, hey Come, hey, hey look. What this here look. Hold on one more. Go. Yo on now. Yo Eric Riley play with the Fab Five. Remember me? Oh yeah, yeah. What's up bro? I'm about to drop a book, about to drop a book. It's gonna be ready like a couple weeks. So don't, don't let ocho do nothing with that book. Yeah, here it is bro. I don't know if you can see it.


The sixth man. Yeah, sixth Man. So I cover F five, I cover the first championship with Glen Rice Rome. I was a freshman and then the two Rocket Championships. Oh okay, okay. I took a lot to cover in that. I man, y'all there for a c on over there for my boy. Man, gotta leave. I mean, I'm sorry man. My yeah that, You know, man, When I drop it, I mean, I don't know if we can figure it out and I talk somehow, but yeah, I need you my information. Yeah, man. Alright bro. Appreciate you Man. Alright. You, you information you Can't go nowhere. Ocho ocho ocho that dude to have everybody at your table.


Hey Ocho. Hey, but listen, hey, I ain't, I ain't mean to get off topic. Right. I know we had a few in Rush, but let, listen, that's good for the show. But me and me and Face, we've been in the studio. That's why I've been coming to Houston. Me and Face got a a a do a album coming out together. Okay. I'm, I can't, I can't. I I I can't wait to see it. Yeah, no hear it. You gonna hear it Not see It. Yeah, I want, I wanna hear it. Yeah. Okay. You got you, you got it coming out on MP three? Nah, nah, nah. It's on, it's on, it's on DVD. What's this? This rap r and b whatever. Yeah, yeah. No, no rap. What you mean Rap man? This me and Scarface rap. Yeah, we gonna rap like he, when he heard. So You on his album or he on your album? No, I'm on his album.


We, it is like a duo. Okay. Like when I, he he heard me rap, he was like, damn, you remind me of Bushwick Bill s me like yeah he, he told me like I saw him outside. Right. And I started rapping for him. He like, damn, I ain't know you could speak. I said, yeah, we need to get in the studio. So we like, You know what, I'm gonna sign you. So we, I signed yesterday. Oh, okay. Yeah. I'm gonna rap a lot. So you say you kind of, you sound like Bushwick Bill? Yeah, I'm like Bushwick, I'm like Bushwick Bill. Okay. Yeah. And I, and I could do, I make screw music too? Hey, chop the Screw. Yeah. I'm, I do all that. I do all that. Wow. When you in the right place, You know?


Yeah. You know Jay Prince down there, You know. Yeah. I, matter of fact, me and me, me 50 50, 50 in Houston. 50 I, You know Drake in Houston? Yeah. All the boys out there Wake here too. Yeah. Oh. We need to go ahead and move to Houston, man. Bun B. Yeah. And I what? I'm gonna to t burgers tomorrow. Nah, Ocho, You don't wanna move here Say a Hey next. A, if you ain't careful for next year this time, be happy locked it down. Hey, they out here too. What? You heard me? Unc? Listen, I've been preaching, I've been preaching to you for like two years now. We come out here, gimme a week.


I make sure you're married. No, no I, Man look you just said lock down Iis You know Ojo to leave me alone. Why? Why this man keep bothering me Titus. I'm trying to get you to the promised land baby. And what better place to find it than not in Houston? Long as you don't leave on Sunday, you gonna be all right. Well, I mean, if I live out there, I'm gonna be out there every day. Yeah, well you ain't gotta stay Got brand like that to be having four, five houses. Yeah, You do. What? You got money? No, I don't talk about, I just, hold on. We got, we got, we got money, so whatever we, mine is yours.


You hear me? Yeah, I'm feeling good. No, Nicole Yogis, his playoff, he's first in points. First in rebounds, first in assist, first in steals, first in stocks, first in triple double doubles. First in triple doubles, first in field goals, Yoki plans on his plans this off season. He said, well, we'll see. But for now, next couple days gonna be a lot of beer. Probably. I mean he, he's incredible. Yeah, I mean he, I mean there, I mean there's really no way to describe him. I mean we, we haven't seen a guy, I mean first in points, first in rebounds assist steals, double, double, triple, double field goals.


Yeah, no way have but, but Joe, I feel in order for them to get back to where they were and win a championship, they're gonna have to do something with this lineup. Everything. The only two people that shouldn't be touchable or he and Jamal Murray, everything. A a, I think I keep going, but Michael Porter Jr. I would entertain Michael Porter Jr. I would entertain Chris and Brian. Hey, Whoa, whoa. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, huh? You, You know why he wasn't productive? Only 'cause of the injury to his shoulder. So you might get the old Michael Porter Jr. Once he get a chance to heal. Nah, no. Even, even when he is healthy, he's still too inconsistent for the type of money that he makes. Nigga.


You can't run it back as is. You can't. You just can't. Well you can't. It ain't really nothing out there though baby. It ain't, There's something out there. There might be something out there. You won a championship with the, with the core group you got right now. Why would you change that up? Hey, Boston ran it back. You can ocho you gotta change something.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to wear media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


They gonna, they gonna have to what this even bringing, bringing more firepower in off that bench. But yes, for real, I think, I think they needed Jamal Murray to play more like an all star, You know? Yeah. Probably had a, a decent game here and there, but they need some consistency from him. He wasn't consistent. Like he, when you play the Lakers, he consisted every game he can't miss. He came, miss when he played the Lakers, he ultra aggressive. And I think that's the thing that we gotta get OKC credit about because your perimeter guys, man, they, they, they some way somehow kind of take 'em out of the game. Yeah. And that's what, that's what kind of concerns me about the, the timber wolves. 'cause although Aman, it is great and it's gonna be hard to stop 'em, but they got, they got guys who gonna sit down and move they feet.


This ain't gonna be like the Lakers when you just old lay, come down, you get past that and you got a dunk or a layup like this. This is going to be a, this is gonna be a fun and interesting series. And I ain't gonna lie, I'm, I'm nervous even picking a T Wolves, but I think it's their time. Oh yeah. And it's, and it's not gonna be, it is not gonna be like Golden State because Golden State ain't got a whole lot of guys that can slide with it. Nah, but they got five or six guys that can slide. Lou do they got Wallace, they got Caruso, they got Jalen Williams. They got Isaiah Joe. They got a lot of guys that can throw at him and they got side that can challenge him at the rim once he gets there. I ain't say they can stop it, but they can challenge it. Hey, what's the game of basketball? Everybody challenging everybody.


I just don't like the words that just came outta Joe mouth. The fact that he said I'm nervous even though he's picking the wolves. So, I mean, why don't you just flip side and go with the thunder? No, I'm, I'm gonna stick with the t Wolves Ocho. But You just said you nervous about your pick. I'm Nervous. See you. You not confident. You supposed be confident. Confident And you can be confident and still and be a little nervous now. Come on now. Nah, nah, nah, nah. See, like, like I'm confident if we play one on one, I'm gonna whoop your ass. Now there ain't no way, ain't no way you that confident in that You ain't confident. I'm for real. So I'm not nervous about that. Anytime you go into anything, Joe, if you had any type of, Hey, hey, hey, you keep talking. I might not let you scope, so keep it up.


Damn. Yeah. I might not let you scope, so keep it up. Yo. You really ain't never seen me hoop on. I ain't got to see you hoop. I did see you hoop, but, Alright, listen, listen, I, I, with all due respect, you played in the NBA. Well you was that boy, they call you ISO Joe for a reason. Right. But you gotta respect my game, man. I told you I might not let you score bro. Listen, in high school I score 56, 12 and 10. Man, you playing, you must've, you must've been playing one eight basketball. I, no. Who you were playing against? In My, in my 57. Can I tell you something? Ocho This how I know Joe. For real. Joe say he didn't say score.


He said he might not let you score. Yeah, I ain't let him. What that say? Score. Hey, can I tell so something You Ain't Joe, you ain't got nothing. Ocho Listen to me. I went to New York. Right? I dropped 32 at Rucker Paul. So how do you gonna beat me? Think about that. I was 32 at Rucker. Paul, If it's just me and you on the court partner, you ain't got a chance. Okay. But I'm like Rachel, boy, I don't see you. I don't, you Right. Your game at, at your game ain't See me. Right. You ain't gonna see me. You ain't gonna see me. Alright. After the game. Aren Gordon had this to say, he said I would really, really appreciate it. If there were a couple of days between games in the playoffs instead of every other day, the product of the game would be a lot better.


You'll see a high level of basketball, probably less blowouts. Do you, Joe, do you agree with what ag is saying? Nah, this is, this has been the format Long For however long. Like we understand you got a, a knickknack of a a, a little injury. But look, the the, the show still gotta go on my boy. You know what I mean? Man, y'all be playing in August. If they put two days in between every day, that's too much. Yeah. You get, you get your little day maybe two in between. If you, your body can't shake back from that, you just in trouble. That's just the way it's been. It's been, it's been like that forever. Ain't they ain't changing. They ain't changing. They ain't giving these dude three, four days in between now And they ask for a lot of rule. Hey first they, they want to take the time off and go, what, 12 minutes a quarter, right Joe?


Yeah. 12. Hey listen, they were talking about Gu, They cut it down to 10. Like, I I think what like, it's like a, the Euro rules, right? Fever. Yeah. We, man, we not doing all that. Yeah. And now, You know, they talked about cutting the game, possibly playing 65 games or 70 games instead of the 82 from 82 In a minute. And Ocho Yeah. Okay. Ocho them bo them boys back in the sixties and seventies, man they played 82 games and Chuck Taylor, these boys got orthotics and all kind of things. Now you mean tell me they can't play 82 games. Hey Adam Silver say, yeah, we gonna cut the game, but we gonna cut the pay too. Let's see how many of 'em signed up for that. So in other words, you still wanna make 50, 60, $70 million.


Yeah. In 70 games, right? In 65 games. All you, okay, that's what y'all want. Okay, we gonna cut the pay. Let's see how, how many of 'em you think signing up for that Ocho? Right? Nobody. None exactly. Nobody. Nobody, nobody at all. Yeah. And, and you, you get, you got it better now. You just, I mean, just think about those, like you said, your guys back then, they didn't have all the technology and all the, the treatment, the ice baths and all this, the nutrition and the physios and the personal trainers, they didn't have all that. They don't have the private jets that jokers flew commercial. Yeah. And You know what too? Huh? I wish I'm, I'm sure it's enough. We don't have enough time to do it. Right. But I, I don't, I wonder if ask him do it, were the injuries, think about the injuries that we're getting in today's game.


Right? You think the injuries were as prevalent or as many people got injured back then? Yeah. They are today. Yeah. Magic Johnson and James Worthy was both hurt against Michael Jordan in his first championship. Right? Remember Isaiah? Isaiah pulled his hamstring, rolled his ankle? Absolutely. Okay. Kareem remember everybody talks about that game that magic had that was because Kareem was out with an injury. Yeah. So Yes, absolutely. Yes. Yes. It's just the fact of the matter is we don't have, we didn't have a 24 hour news cycle. Right. They didn't have social media, so everything got reported. But yes, there were injuries that were very, very prevalent back then. That swung the tempo and the momentum of a series.


Absolutely. Okay. Okay. Okay. Absolutely. But this, this is a part of it. I mean, you guys play every other day. They not because they not changing that. They not changing that. Yeah. They're playing every other day and they flying commercial. You Think you gonna get 3, 2, 3 days off and you got a private jet? No, I don't see that happening. So we've already got it. Winning the 2025 NBA championship. Who will get crowned 2025 NBA Champs new Oh, Joe, who you got New York Knicks. Okay, Joe, who you got got, I got the T Wolves. If the T Wolves look, the T Wolves win this series.


Ain't no stopping them bro. Ain't no stopping them. I know. Look, it'll, it'll be a great story to see Minnesota play against New York. The fact that they both swapped, You know Kat Yeah, Kat and Duram. Ju I think that will be, I I I actually think that'll be a hell of a series. I do too. But I, but I, I, I gotta take the T Awards fellas. I don't know. Listen, I, I like, I like the, I like the happy ending. I like for for New York fans, for the Knicks players, for the Knick organization. Even though everyone, no one likes Mr. Mr. James Dolan. I would like, yeah. You know, I would like for, for the, for the city in general, You know, I think New York deserves it. It's been a very long time for them.


And they, they'll do one, they'll do one. And I'm only picking the Knicks. Obviously I'm, I'm a heath fan, You know, so I'm, I'm sticking with the team coming out the east. Okay, yo, who you got they going? They'll flip New York upside down them four win. Aw man. Listen, they flip, man. You saw how they did after just going to the Eastern Conference finals. You could imagine what's gonna happen if they go to the NBA finals and then multiply that. Hey listen, the Statue of Liberty hand ain't gonna be raised no more. She gonna be pointing at you. Yeah, I told Man, you see how profane they are, man, they about to be man, them fans, New York fans about to be on one.


Yeah. Yes. And consider they hadn't won a, I mean, Think you gotta go back to 73. It's a good sight, You know? Huh? It's, it's a good sight to see. It's good to see the fanatic of the fans and the NBA and the way they, they really rev for they Knicks. Man. This has been, this has been, I'm sure for them an interesting, You know, playoff run because You know, nobody had them beat Boston, man. They came, they went in there and won them first two games and basically took control of the series and the rest is history. But man, what's to come? It's gonna be something special. Yeah. Alright guys, we got a spare. Very, very special guest joining us.


She's a rapper. Actress, host, freestyle extraordinaire. Justina Valentini. How are you doing? What up? What up, Chad? What up, Joe? What's going on? How's everyone feeling tonight? That's What, what's going Man? I am, this is, look, I'm trying to battle. I'm trying to battle How Much, how much money you got on it because You know, I'm not how much I got. Hey, I got 5,200. What's up? 52. Hey, I Got money. I'm a lot more expensive than 5,200. No, hold On, hold on. Give a, I'm gonna give you 5,200 to battle, right.


And whatever I owe you, Honey, I'm gonna post on my story for 5,200. Mm. There you go. Talk to talk to it. Hey, it sounds like it sound like you scared to battle. That's what I Hear. Oh baby, I'm not. Oh baby, I'm not scared. I just know my word. That's Yeah. Hey, she trying to get to the money she about, I feel that I lied. That's what I, So No, but, but You know, uncle, I did actually just shout you out in a, in a rap. I posted on a Instagram. Did you? Yeah, I did. And it, it's crazy because my boy, You know Charlie Ples battle rap legend. He just FaceTimed me. Yeah. I three of Him already. You said what? I three Old Charlie already? Yeah. Come on now.


You three old Charlie. PI Three. Old Charlie Kipps. Ask him, him DNA on Harlem. I'm telling you, I'm gonna call him right now. I'm gonna call him. I'ma call him and ask him. Ask him, ask him. Alright, I'll so look, he just FaceTimed me, UNC and we were talking about the show we got coming up and I said, oh, I'm about to, You know, jump on with Shaha and everything. He said, oh man, you gonna tell him you just shouted him out in a rap. I said, I completely forgot. Yeah. Just last week. Damn. Hey, okay, clips. Look, I'm on here with, with, You know UNC Shehe. We got on here. We got Joe Johnson and Chad right here said that he beat you in a rap. He say three you. Oh You, oh you smoke them crazy on YouTube?


Why is he lying? Tell him don't tell him don't lie like that. Hey. Oh not, Hey clips. You can't do nothing with me son. Don't lie to people like that man. What you talking about? B Yo Yo. Oh listen man, I look, you retired on, oh, on your own terms. I retired you in battle rap. You've never battled again after that. Mm, Hold on. I'm, wait. Hey, I'm finna battle. I'm waiting on surf to get out. I'm from the 3:00 AM Yo free away Surf going smoke you. I Definitely free wave. Yeah. Oh, DNA too, huh? Oh, this is crazy.


I didn't know he bowed DNA NA too. Yeah, I'm Really, I'm really like that. That's why you scared to battle. He not like that. Justine, Bro, I'm gonna call you when I get off here. Alright. You know up You, we already lost the three of my comrades. That's crazy. What's up Unc? Lemme ask you this. You guys, you kinda got your start on, on Wilding out with Nick Cannon. Yeah. Did you expect to receive the love and the respect that you received when you went on that show? So what were, what were your expectations when you went on wilding out? You know, when I went and auditioned for a while and out, that was not my plan or trajectory at all at the time. You know, I was just out here in these streets like Chad, I was rapping, You know what I mean?


I was taking people's money just like, You know what I mean? Just like, You know, Chad over here. And I just really wanted to be an artist, You know? Okay. Her sending her songwriter and yeah, tv I, I was not looking to be on tv, but a good friend of mine, Antonio Skits, he came to one of my music videos and he's really nice with the beatbox. So he started beatbox and I started freestyling. Snapchat was lit at the time. And so he's posting out a Snapchat and he is like, yo sis, you gotta audition for this show I'm about to audition for While out. I was like, oh, that's the one where they come up with the songs on the spot. I'm like, I'll kill that. So he's the one who connected me with the producers.


Okay. And that's my brother always. 'cause You know, most people won't really look out like that, especially when he wasn't even on the show yet. Great. But, so he connected me with the executive producers and I sent in a bunch of videos of me freestyling outside in New York and sobs on B Reels radio show. Just a bunch of different freestyles. They invited me to come audition and I bodied it, You know, I knew I bodied it. I knew I killed the audition. So they brought me back and then they brought me back again. And then I met Nick. And I remember at that audition, it was all the people from the tri-state, New York, New Jersey, maybe even, You know, Connecticut, Boston, whatever else was close. It was all of us. And You know, we did the audition and they had us do a bunch of different games.


And when it got to Wild Style, I just sat back a little bit, You know, it was like 15 on one side of the room, 15 on other side. Okay. Yeah. You like, okay, I'm vibing this. Okay. Yeah, I'm vibing. And then as soon as someone hit me, I just like a Mach machine gun. I went down the whole other side. And then when everyone was leaving, shaking the producer's hand, shaking Nick's hand, I remember I was the only one. Nick said something to, he was like, where you from? And I was like, Jersey. And he was like, all right. And I just left audition knowing that, You know, if you stay ready, You know you had it get ready. You, you knew. You knew you had botted it. Yeah. So you knew you were gonna get the callback that you were gonna be a regular. Yeah. Yeah. So I got the callback and then the rest was history. I shot my first season.


That was season eight. And I been on for 14 seasons now. I'm the longest run of female. So I guess, You know, when you said, how did I think I was gonna be received, I really didn't know. I just knew being a female, being white, I just knew I always had to really be that night. You had to be Like that. Yeah. I had to really be like that because nobody, people didn't wanna give it up for me. Right. In general, that was just always my experience. I run around to all these open mics throughout work and You know, I always had to be like the nicest in the room to, You know, so I was just ready, I was ready, I was hungry.


And You know, when once I got the opportunity, I just went for it. And You know, the, the fan base loved me shout to them because they really make us who we are. And then everything took off from there. Were you, were you always good on the mic? Were you always quick witted? Were you always, did you al is that what you always wanted to do? Were you that, were you that young lady that like people looking at you like, why you trying to be black you white, why you can't do, I'm sure you probably got a little bit of that for, like you said, you are Awo a young lady, a woman now, and you were doing things that there are not a whole lot of white rappers, female rappers when you were coming up.


Well, You know what's funny, it's a lot of white rappers. Men, because the industry, we have them some white men. It's, I could name you like probably 50 white rappers right now. Yes. Lot. It is a lot. It's a, it's a lot of white rappers, but yeah, not female. So yeah, I definitely got a lot of everything. I got a lot of, You know, friction. I really had to grind to get where I got. And I really had to cut my teeth and nothing was easy for me. Nobody wanted to, You know, let me in. I had no connection, didn't know anybody who knew anybody who knew anybody. I'm looking at my mom, I'm like, you don't know nobody.


Nobody know. Nobody. Like, You know, so, but You got no connect. Yeah, no connect. You know, it's, it's hard In Jersey we don't have a radio station, we don't have a sports team. We don't have shit. We had that brief for a fleeting moment. They took that right Joe, you, you was with the Yeah. That first. Yeah. They, we had, we, You know, so yeah, I really, really had to work hard. And yeah, I was always nice with the words. I always had, You know, the gift of Gab was always really good to put my words together. And I think when you just have a natural gift for something and then you use that gift a lot, you just get a lot better. So once people be like, yo, it is, yeah, like this white girl, like she freestyle, she's crazy with it.


Everyone wanted to see me do it. So I was running around everywhere just, You know, freestyling, open mics. And I used to go to the real ones in the city, EO dub where, You know, they would beat juggle. They would slow down the beat, speed up the beat. Like crazy shit that people just don't even do anymore. Which is why when I went to Sway, shout the Sway, I love him. One of my favorite people in the industry. And I did the Five Fingers of Death. I'm the first and only female to spit a real freestyle completely off the top. DJ Wonder was speeding up the beat and slowing it down. And they hadn't done that in years. Years. So I asked and I went on sway bodied, it Wonder gave me the most trash beats speeding up the beat bodied it.


And, but I said the wonder after I said, damn wonder. I said, no, I actually said the Sway. I said, I'm surprised you guys were changing the, You know, the, the BPM of the beat. He said, yeah, we haven't done that in years 'cause no one could do it. And this is people who come with writtens. So I said to wonder, why so why'd you do it to me? 'cause I knew he was trying to fuck me up. Right. And he said, because you were talking so much shit. Mm. That, You know, he really wanted to, to test me, but it just like made me shine more. So it's, I've always had to do that. Like, that's always been kind of, You know, you Had to be that much better in order to get just as far as someone that was average that was doing it.


Correct. Correct. You had to be a step above a cut above the rest. Correct. But I really think, You know, God put me on TV for a reason because, You know, TV I got on TV and TV embraced me so much, I got on Wilda out. And because of Wilda now I had great success. I, I grew this platform. And then from wilding out, they, You know, made me a host on TRL, they made me a host. A How far is tattoo? Far Revenge, prank the challenge, the Justina Valentine Show Basic, the Bougie, I'm the host now of Jersey Shore. Like it opened up so many doors for me that music just, he wasn't ready to, so like TV and film. And then from there I started doing film.


Like that was really the biggest blessing. And I think God just knew like, nah, You know, go this way. It's a lot more money this way. Go this way. Matter of fact, That's what happened. Matter of fact, your worth ethic, obviously with what you have going on. I mean, listen, the proof is in the pudding. You got it out the mud, you've done it the hard way and you put the work in. So you've been blessed with many opportunities. Thank you. You won many hats though. Rapper, actress, writer, producer, and host, obviously. How do you decide which hat to wear on any given project? Is it, is it, is it the money issue or are the products that are given to you? Do you, you always take things that fit you in which way you want to go and envision?


Yeah, I think it's always about what's the most important thing at the moment. Like, for example, in 2022, we shot like three seasons a while now. We did two tours. And I shot a movie that, like I wrote, I directed, I starred, I got my Eddie Murphy on. I played six characters. I financed, I did everything from A to Z for this movie. So it really monopolized my year. So that year, I really didn't do, I didn't drop any music except for I did the soundtrack for my movie. So that year is like, You know, music took a little backseat and all my efforts and energy went into the movie, which was the most ambitious thing I've ever done. But also made me, that one thing was my biggest payday that, that one project.


So it's like, You know, that year was all about tv, film, tour, You know, and so like, music took a backseat. So for me it's, I'm very fortunate to be able to do the, the projects and the, the things that I wanna do. Of course, while now I'm always gonna do, Nick could call me. No, I'm always pulling up for Nick. We'll be doing walling out until the people don't wanna wall out anymore. They, they wanna keep wilding out, You know? So I love that. And it's like we used to say, every time Nick made a new pregnancy announcement, we would announce a new season. So that was always, that was always like a beautiful thing. But look, he hasn't announced a pregnancy in a while and we're still shooting.


Yeah. So I love to see it. So I'll always pull up for Nick, I'll always pull up for while and now and while, and now is what gave me my platform. So I'm always beyond grateful to Nick, beyond grateful to while now. So I'm always making time and space for while now, no matter what's going on, You know,


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there. And if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide. And hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Well, I have one more question. And when it comes to all the projects that you're doing, how important for you, based on your vision and what you want to do that fit you in the lane that you're in? How important is creative control on the projects that you're doing? It's very, IM important to me, especially because like, You know, like with the movie I mentioned and then myself and my cast member can see Dish out the CON another battle rap legend. We just produced a TV show that we sold to Kevin Hart, shout to Kev and the LOL network. It came out on Peacock and Tubi and all these projects like I'm producing and I'm literally on the cutting room floor with the editor.


Like, I really, once I have the vision, I really have the vision. Sometimes I'm too hands on. They're like, all right, just like chill. Like, give us a week. We're not done yet. Like, it's, it's not even color corrected. So I, I am very hands-on sometimes too hands-on. So my answer is I'm very involved in the creative from A to Z. 'cause I think especially, and I know you guys can all relate 'cause you have your own, all your own stuff going on, your own brands, your own shows, et cetera. So it's like you have a vision for it and you really wanna see it through. So yeah, I'm, I'm very involved. But the thing is Justina, like, yeah, you're great at freestyling, but you can roast and, and, and normally, You know, that's a, that's an our in and of itself.


People don't understand that. We call it Jon and I went to an HBCU. So we call it jonin or, or ragging or bagging on somebody, whatever y'all, we call it roasting. Yeah. Whatever the case may be. But for you to rap and you can roast also because we, to be great at roasting, you've gotta be off the cuff. Yeah. 'cause it ain't no, I'm gonna come back tomorrow and get you, I gotta get you as soon as you done with yours. I gotta be da fire right back at you. Right. Are you able to do that? So are you listening like, okay. Oh, so this this what we doing or this is what we Okay, go ahead. Go ahead you first. So how does it just, it, because it seems like it just comes so natural to you. Yeah, no, it, it really does. And I think I just going to demon mode.


Like when we're in the box, someone's rapping at me, I'm just, I'm listening. Like, I think one part of my brain is listening to what they're saying to me. And then another part of my brain is just like really sizing them up. And it's so funny to me when people are like, oh, You know, you guys have writers. I'm wilding out. I, I crack up. 'cause I'm, I look at them and I'm like, if you think I could buy a rap from, from someone like a writer, come on. Like they would first of all, like, they would never give someone like me anything. 'cause they know I'm already like, it's people on the stage that are already lethal. Do you think we could get help even if we wanted to? Right. We shoot 30 episodes in 10 days.


That means three episodes a day, every Day day. Do you Everyone on the stage has something for me. They have something for me. They have something for dc It's just certain people that everybody has something for from the guest to the other castmates. It's like, You know, it there there've been battles that I've done on the show when guests have came, celebrity guests and haven't been aired because those people, teams have requested for a not to be aired. Oh. Whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa. I like, yeah. Yeah. Wait, hold on, hold on. Listen, can you do me a favor? See on Yeah. Everything is a greeny light, right? Yeah. Everything is a green light on here. And I'm not worried about being roasted because my grandma used to call me ugly.


But can you give us an example of how good you are off the top of the head and roast me real quick? All right. Go, go ahead hit me first with something. You want me to hit you first? Yeah. Okay, hold on, hold on. Get it Jeff. Come on Chad, let's go. You sure? Yeah. Come on. I was Jeff, team Jeff who on shoulda got me a T-shirt. Huh? Who sed you on? I'm on Jeff. What you mean Got twin? Okay. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Let think of something good. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. You ready? I'm ready. You Gotta pay attention man. I need you. Hey, I, I'm ready to fall up my chair. We should your up Side.


You on Uncle. Who side? You on? I on just, I just told you. Damn. That's, that's, that's messed up. I'm supposed to be. Yeah. You Taking a long time? No, because I, I'm trying to make sure he on my side but here go. Okay, here we go. Okay. If I holler at just, she better holler back before she got that BL. That ass used to be solid flat body. Looked like she smoked a lot of crack. Now She got that red hair like Jessica Rabbit. So I said Roger that I'm about to do a violin that, hold on. Okay.


We coulda had a time date. I Ain't taking too long. Yo. Go ahead. Go get it. Top the Him, Joe, UNC and Chad all athletes. I will run with him. I will get with Uncle Sha Shaa but after 22 he's done with him in Chad. Watch how I'm gonna leave you. I know you like it in the ass. That's why you was a wide receiver. You, you good or you wanna keep going? Hold, hold on. Hold on. Justina. Justina, how did I get you? You just caught a straight, you Standing natural. I did, I told right under. Hold on. I ain't, I ain't finished.


Ain't finished. Alright. Finished. I'm coming back. This ain't what you really wanna do. Nah, you got it. I'm gonna let you have that one. Nah, get it again. Not my Chad, I'm glad you stopped there because the thing is about me this second round's about to go crazy lady because she Don't know. She know where to to stop Bad. Look, I was three old, I was three old you on here. I'm a, I'm a real battle rapper. Alright, go ahead. Listen. Next. Listen. I done beat, I done beat everybody as hitman about me. Ask Hitman about Man what I did. I'm gonna definitely ask hit Man about you 'cause y'all got the same head. Y'all both look like a milk duck. I'm gonna definitely ask it after, but for sure and I'm not gonna lie. You and hit man have the same teeth.


Y'all went to the same, y'all didn't say medium. She mean y'all said just extra large dog. Do what? You look like a bunch of fucking Apple iPhone chargers in your mouth. Ones in your mouth Being a girl alone. What? Listen. Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. I'm talking about Appreciate it. Si since I love that. Nah for sure. Hey no Chad. Honestly I definitely, I mess with you. I love people that go off the top of their head. So if you and me one day in the same place at sometime somebody wanna double team, double team us. No, no bitty shit just like, You know, rap and stuff. I'm with it. I appreciate it. Listen, listen. Yeah. Honestly I didn't, I didn't have an opportunity to tell you 'cause obviously we doing the show and You know. Yeah. But I'm a fan of yours.


Always have been. I watched while and Out religiously some of the other projects and stuff you have going on away from Wild and Out. I've also watched as well. I just wanna say I salute you and I wish you much success in all that you do sis man, you, you are a real one. He trying To butter you up Justina. No, no, no, No. But thank you so much and I really, You know, appreciate y'all and of course I'm a fan of, of y'all as well. And You know, I definitely gotta, I, one day I wanna sit on she, she's couch as well. You know what I Oh You wanna be on Club Shay? Shay? Yeah, we'll definitely we we'll get the freestyle going in person. We'll set up the beat. We'll do all that good stuff. You know, have Shaha are are, are you gonna have, are you gonna have a drink or are you gonna have a drink? Are you gonna have a drink with me?


I have a drink with you. If I, if I start drinking, we gonna really be, you're gonna have to bring a few people in there to battle me. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Mm. You know this only. No, I definitely have a drink with you. I can't come on on Club Sheha and not have a drink. Okay. That's what I'm talking about. That's what I'm talking about. Yeah. Go, go ahead Ocho. That's it. That's it. I wasn't gonna give my no what I want that, lemme ask you this Justina, like when you go at the guys, do you ever, do you ever feel, do you ever feel bad going at the guys or do they or do they ever take it personal? Nah, I would say as far as, okay, so the inner circle of wild now, which is, You know, the, those of us that go on tour. Yeah. You DC Chico.


Yeah. Like those, those are all my brothers, You know, and it's like those are all my brothers and my sisters like that inner circle that goes on tour and we all know what it is. We have said everything to each other. Right. You know what I mean? So that's all of now there have definitely been guests that have came on the show and I'm just looking like, have they not watched the show before? They've definitely probably been offended. They got, they came On while and now they got offended. Yeah. Like, and it's just like, wow. Like I said, it's, it is been some battles that I've done that have never seen the, the light of TV and one in particular, one the producer call me, she's like, yo, yo Tina, she would call me Tina.


She's like, yo, I'm watching the battle with so and so and yo you are that bitch. And I was like, yo, I can't wait to see it. You know what, what like episode is that gonna be the season? She's like, oh no, you're not gonna see it. I you She was like, no. She was like, you destroyed that girl. Soon as that we were done filming, her team came up to us and said, you cannot. And I was like, damn. So yeah, that never aired. There's been a bunch of, bunch of battles I've did that, You know, have never aired. But to be honest with you, I usually, I never hit a girl first. I hit her back, I'll knock her out, but I don't hit her first. I owe the, I beat up on the guys. I, I always hit the guys first.


But with the girls, I don't hit 'em first. But if a girl hits me first now it's, You know, it's, it's on. Yeah, it's on. Yeah. I'm, I'm thinking you've been at this for a while, so what's, what's the next step? What's the evolution of Justina? So the evolution for me is definitely, You know, concentrating on this TV and film stuff. We just wrapped up season two of what's cooking, good looking. That's the TV show that me and Conceited do. Second season, super funny. We had Michael Blackson, Jess hilarious, we had Lola Brook Cash, Cobain Mayo. So we just wrapped that up.


I just finished writing another script for movies that I wanna go into production with this summer. Super funny, really looking forward to shooting this touring. We're wilding out, we back on tour this year, so I'm definitely gonna be on the road with everybody and You know, dropping music in between, doing everything. I just dropped a, a record called Drip Drop, super upbeat fly, just feel good music and just keep working. That's the thing about me, I, I stay with an attitude of gratitude and I never feel like, oh, I'm happy to be here. Like, oh, I, I got a lot of bread now I could chill. No, I just feel like I worked really, really hard to do. I worked really, really hard to be able to do what I love and to be here.


So with everything I do, if I'm walking on the set for my 14th season, wild Out. I'm never here. Like, oh yeah, they know I'm that bitch. I could, I could chill. No, I'm working hard. Like it's my first day I'm hungry like it's my first day. So that's just the attitude I keep with everything I do. So I'm working on a lot of projects between tv, film and dropping music in between and just waiting really to get to Shea's couch. I'm one white bitch that don't talk Sheha. I'm Italian baby. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Shehe like have a good night y'all. No, I'm just saying like, You know, yeah, I'm different type of, don't worry about about, alright, We, we gonna get y'all, lemme lemme ask you this, but y'all don't want you to devote too much 'cause I want you to divulge it on the couch. Tell us something because we see you on Wild or Not, we've seen you in some of your other projects.


What do you like, what do you like off camera? What do you like away from away from the set? What do you like to do? I, oh, what do I like to do away from the set? I'm very much into dogs. I work with a lot of rescues, rescue organizations, You know, I feel like, of course I don't never wanna see anyone or anything abused, but I feel like when it comes to animals, we're really their voice. So I work with a lot of dog organizations just in general. I like to help people. I do a lot of stuff behind the scenes. I'm one of those people I don't post about like my good deeds and stuff. Yeah. It's kind of like a pet peeve of mine. Like, You know, when people like do some good and post it.


So I just work with a bunch of foundations and help people behind the scenes as far as dogs and humans go. And then in the meantime, in between time, You know, I like to study the things I'm trying to do. So, You know, the TV shows that I'm really into from raising Canan to Snowfall was my joint Walking Dead. I like to watch and see different camera angles and d different TV shows and movies and then like I kind of write that into my script like, oh, I want the overhead shot looking down on the bed. So I'm just a student of the game, whether it comes to music or whether it comes to film and tv. So that's what I do in between doing my other stuff is just pay attention, watch and learn.


Well that's amazing Justine. Thank you for your time. We appreciate you stopping by Nightcap. We definitely gonna have you on club. She, shea we don't, we haven't, I, I don't know. I'm trying to think. I don't think we've ever had a, a, a white woman on the show so, well Shea, we know what happens with you and white women, but I'm a I'll dare you. Don't worry Peanut, I'm a different, I'm I'm a different kind unc. I got, I been to the cookout for a long time now. Don't worry about it Lord Mercy. Thank you so much. Proud Matter fact, before you go right before you go. Yeah, we done got round one outta the way. I need to make sure we get round two to three. We gonna do two and three. Yeah, Two and three. I mean we listen, we gotta do three round. We don't have to do it today because we gotta, we gotta finish up.


Right. But okay, when I see you, I, I'd rather do it in person so you can actually feel everything I'm sinking. I Can feel your energy. Yeah. I need you to feel So now look, we can do round two right now and then we do round two. No, No, no, no, no. I don't wanna do round two right now. Oh, You wanna study? You wanna study my ma'am I wanna study. Yeah, I need, I need, I need to finish doing my homework. Huh? You wanna study? That's one thing about me. I don't need to do my homework, you feel me? Oh. I don't even have to She got that jersey. She got that jersey That be you there. She got don't To do my homework. That's 'cause I'm the teacher. If you, if you from Jersey Jd that bitch. Okay Chad. That's Be my motto. Hey, I'm still trying to figure out how the fuck you, why Evelyn Lozado don't down.


I'm gonna keep it real simple. You must have been the one that was jerking off and did he put that shit upon his nipple? I got to go. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Hold, Hold of Valenti. No, no, No. I love you. I love you. No, no, no, no, no. I love you. You can't meet by having me. One thing about it, Chad, when you dead, just play dead until do your homework for next time and then don't worry about it. Listen, you gotta come prepared. I love, see that's one thing about me. I'm not a bully. I don't like beating up on people. You know what? Hey, don't say nothing, hold on. You know, listen, we coulda had a live date now Justine Valentine, I'm about to have it my way.


I usually give a woman flowers, candy and cars. But this ain't finna be Valentine's Day. You unsee Me. That's why I told you to do your homework because you don't wanna end on a low note. See, it was very high until you interrupted me. I'm gonna let you have it though. We gonna finish, we gonna finish, we gonna finish. We gonna finish That rapper actress, extraordinary host just Valentine Wilden out from Wilden out. Watch her own, she's on season. What, what, what season are you guys on? So season 21 is going to be airing this summer. So definitely check out for that. We're coming to city near you. Check out my brand new single drip drop and check out season one of what's cooking.


Good looking Season two coming soon. Thank y'all so much for having me, Joe, Chad, unc, and unc. Remember I'm a white Girl. You could trust, we gonna talk more later. Let boy some things. I'm just gonna never live down that way. Look, y'all gonna leave Justine alone, boy. Hey, hey you, You gonna be, you gonna be good baby. You got your umbrella baby. This weather the storm. You gonna be good? Yes sir. Ocho leave that girl alone. Ocho. Huh? You better leave that girl alone. Oh, she came. Oh, she came Ready? Her word play serious. What? I mean, listen man though, She came, she came ready, she came ready. Oh, She came ready, right, she came ready.


Right. But listen, my word play serious too. I got the gift of gab too. I been in yapping before. Yapping was actually considered yapping. I've been talking for a long time now. You can't, you can't, Joe, we, we more, we more of a Jonas. I mean like that battle rapping. We more Jonas we more tell joke. Lemme Tell you. I got, I got a mentor, right? I got a mentor at Battle. Rap, right? Twerk. Twerking. DNA then my mentor. That's why I can hang when I'm on that stage and I'm in the presence of those that do that. Okay. Right. You feel me? So because it's fucking DNAI can get in there and I can do what I need to do. Now. See she told me the end on the low note 'cause she know I finna turn it up or notch. She, I finna turn up The Volume and she's like, hold on, let me say something real quick.


So don't keep going. See y'all Ain't t somebody like I said, hey, in battle rap when somebody's rapping, you never interrupt. So she interrupted for a reason. So I can't really give her that seasoning. Okay? Yeah. Okay, Man. Alright. Yeah, yeah. I'm, I'm more of a, I'm more of a Jonah. But she was unbelievable man. Yeah, she was dope. She dope. She real dope. Dope. You. That was supposed to be off you. I caught more stranger. You, you, you was supposed to be a Target. I co I I been the collateral thing, but I got the blast rate. Listen, listen, we, we a team. So anything happened to you? It happened to me too. Okay.


It's like the Titanic when it go down, nigga, we going down together. Aren, I knew they were shooting outside. That's why they take my black ass out there. I ain't want none of that. Yeah, don't worry about it. Don't worry about it.


The Volume. I am Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Su, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche. We embrace as core. There's so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to Good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or ever you get your podcast,


You're listening to an IHeartPodcasts.