
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com


From the Delta Sky Club. Welcome back Ms. Klein to the Jet Bridge. Delta Airlines relies on 5G Solutions from T-Mobile for business to power operations and serve customers faster. Together, we're putting 5G into the hands of ground staff so they can better assist on-the-go. Travelers with real time information throughout the airport, this is elevating customer experience. This is Delta Airlines with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash Now


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, hell, who doesn't? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect the smoky flavor. That length of time you can fly from Miami to Los Angeles and back from Los Angeles to Miami. 12 long hours. That's about how long it takes Oscar Ma to smoke their bacon. There's no wrong way to enjoy it, So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon.


Right now I'm partnering with PayPal. The holiday season is here, and I'm gonna save big with cash back offers in the PayPal app. It's easy. I browse deals from my favorite brands, save offers in the app, and use PayPal checkout online. Really, really easy. Whether I'm buying gifts from my family or treating myself to something nice, I'm earning cash back. And you can't do, don't just pay PayPal Check Offers in the app for details and exclusions. Cash back earned is points redeemable for cash and other options. See PayPal rewards terms,


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


OCHO less than a week after the athletic published a story detailing the dysfunction within the New York Jet organization. Aaron Rodgers used his latest appearance on the Pat McAfee Show to address leaks to journalists. There's some interesting things that go on in every organization, some that would like to be left uncovered, but it seems like there are those that don't always, that doesn't, that don't always get left uncovered. They get covered. It can't be the norm that so many leaks and so many people continue to have conversations, whether it's getting some sort of angle revenge or even what people who are still in the building. You say nothing that was was untrue. But anyway, okay. Obviously. Yeah. What's best for the jets is not having those types of leaks all the time.


When you get, when that gets figured out, it'll be a little easier to win. That doesn't, that doesn't have a direct impact on players on the field, but it does have an impact on the culture and the chemistry and overall energy of the building. That's what needs to get better. I love how you talk about the culture and the energy when that wasn't an issue with the mandatory mini camp. Yeah, that wasn't it. He didn't concern himself about culture. I mean, I I'm trying to figure out how does he think a culture gets established? Does he understand how a culture gets established? Tom Brady was not missing mini camp in order for the, the, the, the Patriot way, which was the Brady way, but it was the Patriot as a team because it's the Patriots that started coming out at the Super Bowl introduction as a team.


Now everybody comes out of the team because prior to that, they brought the offense out or they brought the defense out. The Patriots came out of the team. But Tom Brady was the foundation piece. Okay. How can Tom Brady show up the mandatory mini camp or OTAs and somebody else not be there? How does Peyton Manning, how does a Ray Lewis, how do these guys show up? The great thing about a leader, and that's what I tell young people today, you can never ask more than you're willing to give. You can't ask somebody to do something that you're not willing to do your damn self. Right? So how do I tell guys, guys, we need to show up guys. We need to be here. Let's spend a little extra meeting time.


Guys. Go look at your, hold on, bro. You remember that mandatory mini cap we had? Guys will look at you sideways. Yeah. You can't ask more than you are willing to give. Hey, do you think, you think he's lost the respect of his players, the, the respect of his teammates? You know, you, you think, you think about how we view Aaron Rodgers on the outside. I'm curious of how the players in the locker room view him. Obviously, I've never played with anyone like that, that has some of the issues that he does have said. Some of the things that he does say misses some of the important things when it comes to the game of football. I've never been on a team with someone like that. So I'm curious how today's player players this era of type of no non set do it your way to kind of culture we have now and now the type of individuals we have in this, in, in today's game, the young era as I as I call it, I wonder how they view 'em a as teammates Me from a distance Series.


Yeah. Basing it on my experience. I look at Aaron Rodgers as an influence in the locker room, not a leader in the locker room. Mm. They're two different things. What, when you say influence, now Influence. Yeah. Influence over people. The influence hasn't been good. Has the influence been good? It has the influence been bad? You tell me It hasn't been. Listen, they say you might be teammates, but you're not here to be friends. You here for one job. Yeah. And the job that he's there for ain't getting done. It's hard when you play that position because you're normally, you ask the guys, you ask him, look at the teams that win and look at the leaders in the locker room.


Look at Brady, look at Manny, look at a Lewis, look at those guys. Right. They win consistently. They win because they do things. And when they ask someone else to do it, it's not a problem. Because that guy knows this is exactly what Tom Brady's doing. This is exactly what Ray Lewis is doing. This is exactly what Peyton Manning is doing. This is exactly what John Elway's doing. Now I ask you to do something and you are not doing said things.


And I know you're not doing said things. I love. Look, I love I look, I, I love the thing that I know about, loved about seven. And I want it for my leader because I wanted football to be the most important thing. Because you're telling me, you telling me you want it to be the most important thing to me. You say, Shannon, I want you to study Shannon. I want you to be in the best physical condition you possibly can be. I want you to give it your all. Right. But that's not what you're doing. How can you ask a man to do something that you're not willing to do? Right? Yes. Stories gonna get out. I, I, I think more stories, that's everything.


But stories got out in Green Bay. That's how we found out that the Packers did not run the hiring Matt LeFlore hiring by Aaron Rogers. That's how we found out that the, that Matt Murphy, Mark Murphy said, don't you be the problem. They leaked that. Yeah. On purpose. Yes. Things are leaked on purpose. Yes. Yeah. I mean, he knows. I mean, he should know. I mean, you've been around the NFL long enough to understand how things get out. They do. No, there's always a source, there's always a leak and things that come out. They come out on purpose. There's a reason for it. You know, I think, I think is that, and, and people like, oh, that's come.


You have to understand there's a reason why the sheers and the Shas and Resty soul, Chris Mortenson and the Jay Glazer, they're glazer. There's a reason why they have jobs. They fostered and cultivated relationships with individuals, be it players, be it coaches, be it owners, be it general managers. Right? And so when stuff comes out, why are we shocked? You heard it. You just didn't wanna believe it because it was about your favorite team. It was about your favorite players, Favorite player. Yeah. So you didn't wanna believe it, but if writing was on the wall, it does.


Look, I had a great, Adam Shefter and I came into the league together. He was in Denver, Right? I used to go, I used to go to dinner with Adam Shefter and his parents when they came to town. I had that type of relationship. But you ain't getting no football stuff outta Shannon now. Right? Our relationship is our relationship. Hey, you came in, you were the rookie. I was the rookie together. Hey, we luck. Hey, that was the extent of it. I'm not giving you no information. Right? I've had, I've had, for the most part, I've always had a great relationship. Be it Mark Kisler or Woody Page, you know, all, all the guys that wrote for Denver, Bob Kravitz, Bob Kravitz, he writes, I think he's a columnist in India now.


He was in Denver. I've always had great relationships with him. They ask me, I'll be as honest as I possibly can, but you watching the game, but I'm not giving you no information such and such as not. He's not. He deep dogging it and he missed practice and he didn't come to meetings. I don't do none of that stuff like that. But Woo, with Tank Dale Al Ocho, the Houston, Texas have claimed former wide ravens, wide receiver stealing, wide receiver, Carolina wide receiver Deontay Johnson. I think it's reported that tank. Dale suffered a dislocated kneecap and he torn ACL Johnson will now spend Christmas in the company of the Ravens as the Houston Booth host, excuse me, Baltimore on Wednesday.


Yeah. Ocho, I tried to tell Ocho I remember me and you had this conversation. I said, Ocho, yeah, Yeah, yeah. What I tell you what happened, Ocho? Yeah. I said that behavior. I say, yeah, they will tolerate you until they replace you. They replace, you cannot continually take that type of behavior on every job. Now, I don't know, transpired in, in, in, in, in, in Carolina. But it's hard for me to see a scenario as, as the board of talent, as they are, they're willing to get rid of a guy mid-season when they need receivers. They need quality players, but for them to, to move on what they give up. What did Baltimore give up a six round pick. They traded six round picks, or gave up a six, then they traded seventh rounds or something like that.


They Gave up a six round pick. Give a fifth. Okay. They acquired, so they gave up a fifth, but they'll get a sixth in return. And Deontay Johnson, I hope this, I hope he learns he was in a great situation in Pittsburgh and they moved on the situation in Carolina. I can see that you got a rookie quarterback. That's not the best situation. But you had a really good situation in Baltimore. Hopefully this is this young man's last stop.


Yeah. He plays well enough. And if it is his last stop, he plays well enough that he can go somewhere and find a home. But at some point time, bro, you're the common denominator from teams moving on, right? What you got ocho? Yep. It's all about finding the right fit. It's all about finding the right, right fit, finding the right team, being in the right situation where they allow you, they allow you to showcase your skillset. How can you be a value to me? Now you go to a Texan team where Tank Dale is out, and I think you're not, you're not going to be Tank dale, but they can put you in situations where you can make some of the same plays that Tank. Dale was, ma was making deontay de I mean for the, for the Johnson is a great route runner, very twitchy, fast.


He can run routes. He can get in and out of his s great lateral movement. I think he can create a mismatch for the Texans the same way Tank Dale, if put in the right situation and given the right opportunities, he can help that offense tremendously and take some of that pressure off of Nico Collins having to do everything, having to be the, the focal point of the offense. When it's time, when it's time to pass the ball. Yeah. So I think he's gonna be okay. I think the offense suits him and his skillset and what he does very well. And it's very important. And it's imperative. Whoever's calling the plays puts him in the right position based on his strengths as a receiver. Not just plugging him in there just to plug him in there like they were doing with him in other places.


Right. Ocho, you've gotta build up the trust. You just can't, bro. You not d hop you. And you remember what I told you? I said Ocho as D hop Yeah. Get more familiar with the offense they're gonna Right. You don't get to go in there immediately thinking you're gonna take over Zay, Zay Flowers abatement. No. And you're gonna get Andrews and you gonna get likely you're gonna get the bro, it's not gonna happen like that. Excuse me, you fifth and you're gonna get the fifth by the targets. Right. And it's a, it is a different offense too. Yes. It's a different offense. They, they, even in today's ha, past happy era, oh, they running the ball first. So the opportunities to you in the air are gonna come far and few that, that, that just, that's just what it is.


Now. Houston, now Houston now they gonna throw, they, they gonna throw that thing a little bit more. Right. They gonna, they gonna sling it. Okay. Learn what you're supposed, be where you're supposed to be. Learn the offense as best you can. Hey, yeah. Plays, I mean, You're gonna have to learn the pla you're gonna have to, you know, in your system. Okay. Because the way I learned the, the Ravens offense is like, oh, this is a wall route. This is a basic cross. A Chevy is a corner route. This is what, so that's how I was like, okay, when I heard that, okay, that's what that is. So I would write down, okay, what this called, what was this called in, in Denver's offense until I could re equate it to like, okay, now it's second nature.


I know it, it's a corner. It's a basic cross. It's a shallow cross. It's a, it's a, a wall route. So I wish him the best of luck. 'cause I, I, I wanna see the young man. I wanna see the young man do well. I know he's frustrated, feeling unwanted. But now you get to, you get to, at the end of the day, you get to control your destiny. Go out there, work hard and hey, make them cut. You don't cut yourself. Yeah. I think he cut himself in Baltimore ocho. Yeah, definitely. He did The Lions OC Ben Johnson reportedly intrigued by the Bears head coaching position.


He should be, because that offense could be as explosive as Detroits. You look at what they have offensively a dunes DJ Moore, Keenan Allen Cole ett. Now running back, obviously you don't have a Montgomery and you don't have a Gibbs, but you got qua. I mean, you could look, you can go in the draft and get a running back and they're gonna be running backs available. And you could scheme them up and get that, you know, get a couple pieces on the offensive side. Offensive line. But offensively ocho, they, they, they got the skill position player. Oh yeah. To be really, really good. Very, very, I'm trying, I'm trying to think, I don't know if a job's gonna be available that, that has better skill position.


You No. And the, and the, and the teams that do, those coaches are locked In. They ain't going nowhere that Happen. Nah, they ain't, they ain't definitely ain't going nowhere. But, but, but, but for Ben Johnson, for what he's able to do with the creativity that he has that he can take it from, they can take him from Detroit and bring it to the Bears. Can pay dividends for that young quarterback. I like it. Having someone like that can pay dividends for that young quarterback. I'm, I'm telling you, it, it can't, it could, it could do more. It can't do more harm than, it'll be more good than harm. For, for, for that, for that matter. Yes. Have a quarterback like that, with that type of creativity from an offensive perspective. That damn that'd be good.


I'm trying to, I'm trying to think. Keenan, DJ Moore, Cole Ette. Keenan Allen. Keenan Allen's back next year too, right? He is. No, he's on a one year deal. Ah. 'cause remember they wanted him to take a pay cut and, and with the charger. And he said no, I came off my best season. I ain't taking no pay cut. Okay. You got a Dunay, Got DJ Moore signed an extension. Rome is on a, Rome is on a, a, a, a rookie deal. Rookie. Rookie. You got Cole commit quality, tight end. You need some offensive, a couple offensive linemen. I'm sure some will be available. You gonna have to play. And you got plenty money under the cap because you got a rookie quarterback.


You got a rookie, a a rookie wide receiver. You need to get Kenan Allen back. For sure. For sure. Because he, he, he's put together, I mean, you watched him on, maybe it's just Detroit, but you watched him against Detroit on Thanksgiving. You watched him on against Detroit? He killed. Yeah, he killed, I mean, he a, I like, I like Keenan's game. Former NFL qb Lou Young. Is that the, is that the comedian that gotta be putting on the skits? Yeah, that Lou, you know, you know Lou Yeah. Spent his entire rookie signing bonus in one day. But Bradley Roy made sure he was good during the off season.


Was he in d because Bradley got drafted by the Broncos. He Brons. I didn't know that. Okay. Lou a lou funny as hell, boy. Nah, I I didn't, I did not know that. I did not know that. Wait, so, so what hap what happened there? He Spent his entire signing bonus in one day, bro. How? Give 20? Hell nah. Hey, that's funny.


Oh man. That's funny. God damn, Lou, listen, it, it, it happens. It, it happens to the, it happens, it happened to the best of 'em. Yeah. You know, you know it, it goes fast. It goes fast. Sometimes you, you get a, you get a certain amount of money and people always say what they would do. I'd be able to save this. I'd be able to do that. Well, if I had that much money, this is what I would do. No you wouldn't. No You wouldn't. No you wouldn't. Because the smallest, the small amounts that you get now, you don't know to do it. Thank You. You know, You Don't save your money. You don't save the money you got now. And it's, you know, everybody's come back. Well, hell, I, I ain't, I don't make enough to goddamn say anything.


I get it. Gotta go towards bills. Well, what's the thing gonna happen if you get more than enough where it can cover your bills and you got extra leftover? No, because what you going do, you know how that you gonna get something to amount to, to match the amount of money that you making. You gonna get a bigger home. You gonna get nicer cars, you gonna get jewelry, you gonna get nicer clothes. You, the money that you have now is that you're spending, because that's where you are. When you make more, you spend more, it requires more, especially today's time, the way everybody house getting hit, you gotta damn near have 24 hour security ocho. Yeah, man. Yep. Most definitely. Yeah. 5,000, 5,000 ain't really no money, but hell, why the hell you, what the hell are you buying?


Shoot. Wait, listen, you could, he, he, listen Luke in Denver, he went to what, what you call it with the WildHorse? What's the name of it? Thunder? No, I'm talking about what's the name of the strip club now? Oh, oh, you talking about they got my High Saloon. They got shotgun Willies and they got Diamond Cabaret. He, but he might have went to Diamond Cabaret or shotgun Willies. And, and that fire was gone. And they used to, I don't know if they still got it, they had this place over there that they put the money in and the curtains come back and the women be doing stuff in there. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait a minute. Now I'm intrigued, but what, what, what, what is This? I'm trying to, I'm trying to think, what was the name of that? Oh, Anybody from Denver?


What's the name of that place? I don't know the name, but I, I'm trying to think of the, I man, it's been, Ooh, but what you do, you know, they got a little play. You little peekaboo player. Don't touch nothing, don't touch a bang. As a matter of fact, keep your hands in your pocket. Right. Because it, I'm just saying it's real sticky in there. That's all I'm, there's. But you know, you get the, the, the women, you know the, the curtain, you know, you go put it and the women in there, they take it. Right. And, you know, can can can you touch, can you touch? No, it's, they closed. You can't touch it. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. I, that's like some of the stuff I be seeing in the movie.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So those places are real. Yeah. I ain't know. Like I ain't, you just said when they have it in the movie, they gotta get it from somewhere. Yeah, yeah. I mean, fraternity stories and, and, and, and Oh, They say, somebody says it's called Peekaboos. Well, that's the name of it people. Okay. That makes sense, Man. See, I can, y'all talking. My aunt was a regular customer. See, I can't tell, man. I can't tell y'all nothing. Y'all put me, y'all put me smack down in the middle of it. I like that. I like that. I like, I like that. I like that Peekaboo. Okay. Okay.


Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. You can apply on your iPhone in minutes and start using it right away. You'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Start holiday shopping for your friends and family today with Apple card subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com


From the Delta Sky Club. Welcome back Ms. Klein to the Jet Bridge. Delta Airlines relies on 5G Solutions from T-Mobile for business to power operations and serve customers faster. Together we're putting 5G into the hands of ground staff so they can better assist on the go Travelers with real time information throughout the airport, this is elevating customer experience. This is Delta Airlines with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash now.


Okay, bacon lovers, let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich, smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Meyer smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day, twice as long as most bacon is smoke. So for that savory, smoky, big cut bacon, keep it Oscar, Listen pat and tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Restoform Mattress. This state art memory foam technology will have you feeling like you're sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 Hours. That's the same amount of time. Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah. While you're sleeping, Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon you'll dream about. Keep it. Oscar.


Yo. This is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing obsession. For some of us it's ventures, fashion, Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and venture pods where designer handbags are the real deal. And all your favorite dead style sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rare trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like, open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car, the Fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any Doit yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters. Or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics. The 2:00 AM can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and file what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. We've partnered with them to make this holiday season even better. With all the shopping, gifting, and holiday prep. My PayPal debit card is my go-to for getting more outta my purchases. Here's how it works. I choose my monthly category, gas, restaurants, apparel, groceries, health and beauty, or just for the holiday season tech. And I earn 5% cash back on up to a thousand bucks in the purchases in those categories. Yeah, 5% cash back. This month I'm gonna go with tech. It's my category. It's a no-brainer. Right? Everybody loves the latest tech gifts. So whether it's stuff for the fam or adding new gadgets to my personal collection, that cash back adds up fast. So this holiday season, let the PayPal debit card do the heavy lifting. Sign up for the card when you download the PayPal app. Then pay in store and online and get cash back with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limit apply. See PayPal dot com slash rewards pal. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. Na pursuant to a license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Ocho Burke the crocodile in Crocodile Dundee dive at the age of more than 90 years of age. What's your Favorite Animal in a Movie? Oh, my, that's, that's easy for anybody that knows me. I mean, this is common sense. Free Willy. Okay. Free Willy. You know my love, my love for orcas. I'm in, I'm enthusiastic when it comes to Killer Whales. About, about knowing about 'em. Yeah. That, that, that's my favorite. I'm, I'm tattooed from the ankle all the way to, to my hip. My, my tire leg is covered in Killer Wells. Man, ain't nobody gonna be able to see that unless they got, unless they got that killer.


Well, in Red Ink. Nah, nah, it's isn't, it isn't, it isn't Regular ink, regular ink, black and white. You know, I sat there, I sat through four out four sessions, four different sessions. Ocho Ain't nobody gonna be able to see that on your leg. You can see it. You can see it. I, I, I don't, I rarely wear shorts though, because you know, I, I didn't do, you know, most, you know, people, when they get tattoos, they just start stop, you know, you stop wearing a shirt, you always go everywhere with your shirt off. Yeah. I don't, I don't do that. I got, I got it for me because of my love and, and, and passion, you know, for the Killer Whale. And listen, I can sit here and talk about Killer whales all day, all day. So my favorite animal obviously is the Killer Whale and Free Willie. That was a sad movie for me, man.


Well, Shamu is the most famous killer whale. I just want you to know. No, actually Lolita Shamu lta because San Diego, the San Diego Zoo was built on Shamu. Go look it up. Yeah, Yeah. Well, the Miami Seaquarium was built on Lolita. Man, ain't nobody No, no jump out. No Lolita leader. Yeah. She just passed away. I wonder what happened to Shamu. Shamu. I know Shamu gone as Google Passed away. Yeah. Once, once they're in captivity, they can't be released back into the wild because all their instinctive traits, they're gone. Yeah. They've been, they've been hand fed. They can't hunt. They can't kill the chances of finding their pod again. Oh. They, they ain't never find their pod again. And then a new part ain't gonna accept them.


And then if they do fight Ex Exactly. Will they be, will they accept him after all this time? Yeah. No, man. You know, I like, hold on. Who I like, I like Mr. Ed. He wasn't no movie. Ed was talking The horse. Yeah. Okay. Mr. I like, Gus you remember Gus kicked the field goals. Gus, Gus was walking the Disney movie. Gus was kicking field goal. Gus kicked a a 98 yard field goal to win the game. Yeah. I don't, I don't know. I don't know what that is that, boy, I'm trying to think. I mean, obviously yo old yellower rent 10 10, you know.


Oh, rent 10. 10. Yeah. S good one. Yeah, I would, but I mean, if you, if you take that, if you take that animal out a while and then you know, you not gonna, why you take it if, you know, you can't re re-release it back into the wild. You, you, Yeah. I mean a a well that size man, you need to have like 50 acres, a hundred acres instead of that little ass pool. He's swimming round and round in circles. Yeah. That's, that's, that's, that's always been the, the issue with captivity, obviously. Why I, I stopped supporting and once I became familiar with watching the documentary Blackfish for those of you Oh, oh, oh yeah.


He killed that woman. I saw that movie. Yeah. He killed and killed his trainer. Yeah, Miss Dawn. Yeah, Dawn. Yeah. He drug her down. Yeah. Her hair was hanging Benji's. You like Benji, right? Remember? Yeah. And I ain't seen Benji in years, man. Boy, that's a good one. Boy. Hold on. I got one for you. Remember Las Oh yeah, I remember Lastie. Oh yeah, the Colley was, the Colley was famous because of Las. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What about Old Yellow? Yep. Yep. Oh yeah. Oh, yellow was a Labrador retriever. No, it was a golden golden retriever. Golden Re Yeah, yeah, yeah.


That was a good movie. That was a good movie. Oh, that bring back some memories, man. Nah, they need to let me have a raccoon or a possum, but I want a mini, I want a mini horse. A mini cow and a mini goat to tell everybody talking about the Wizard of Oz with Toto, the Karen Terrier that put that dog that put that put the Karen Terrier on, on, on, on the map. On the map, Yeah. Was a yellow laugh. Okay. What? So Shamu, what happened? Shamu passed away. Yeah, of course. Huh? They all passed away in captivity. 19. We saw Shamu in 97.


So who was the two at SeaWorld in San Diego? So what was the other, so how did he get the name? She, because I got a dog. I actually got a, what you call him? They gave me a, they gave us a, gave me a what you call him, because I mentioned it. Is he still alive? Is he still alive? Absolutely not.


Huh? No, I didn't say Air Bud. Air Budd Air Bud. Air Bud. Air Bud. Oh, Joe Jaleel White walked back. Hood stories comment after he spoke about his hit show Family Matters. The actor began to Trent after. He said, if it's not a hood story, it's not a black story. Jil said he could have worded things better because, because when he used the word hood, he didn't mean it in an offensive manner. There was no need for him to walk it back. He didn't need to walk it back. Because what he did say is true. It is true. The hood story are glorified.


They are. And that's a fact. It's it's a fact. They just, they Just are. Would you, would you classify Living single as Hood Martin? No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm just saying, I'm just saying in jury, those those aren't that, that those aren't hood stories. But That's what he said. His And for better, for context purposes, he, he said that Living Single and Martin were hood stories. Yes. He said it because that's why they're not, that's why his show wasn't as well received as theirs. Yeah. That, that, that doesn't fit. That that doesn't fit. I-I-I-I-I thought he meant, you know, in, in, in terms of, of what the audience likes and prefers better than Family Matters, as opposed to a family matters as opposed to a Martin or a living single, but Absolutely.


Yeah. That, that, that you Could have a great show. I mean, look, it was a great show. I mean, I, I mean, I like Family Matters, but did I like it? Like I like Martin? Did I like it? Like I like Living Single? No, no, I didn't. Completely different. It gives you, it gives you Or Jamie Fox, Jamie Fox show. Hey, Jamie was funny. Yeah, Jamie was funny. And, and all of them are different. All of them had a different flavor. They all had something different to offer. Okay. Yes. They all had some different offer. So I'm glad he clarified it because we turned it, we hear the term hood, we negative connotation. Right, right. I'm glad he cleared it up. Okay, Ocho, we got time for Rough Draft.


Ooh. Ooh. Hey, I'm gonna tell, I'm gonna tell you right now. You finna lose This one? Nah. 'cause I get to go first. Hey, even if you go first, you finna lose this one. Nope. Trust me. He just went first or what? No, he went first because he got, because he gotta pick ketchup. Bad ass cheating over here. Why you cheating me, man? Because he got, he get ketchup, he got barbecue sauce. He got all Theists. Yeah, he left Relish.


Yeah, You definitely, okay. Today's prompt, Rough Draft, the best Christmas song. Okay, I'm going first. What? Silent Night. Who? Hold on. You going, hold on. Wait. You just can't say Silent Night. You have to say who's singing now that different Rendition Night is a Christmas song. I know, but who? You, I mean, who's Singing? I don't care who's singing it. All right. This Christmas, wait, hold on the version. Now I'm gonna give people better context for My Choice. This Christmas, Chris Brown version.


What you mean? Chris Brown's version. What I'm saying, what you talking about Chris Brown? Why? You just can't say No, I'm giving. So listen, Go ahead. I'm listening The song Silent Night, right? Yes. There are a lot of people that sing Silent Night. Yes. But it doesn't just sound the same depending on who's singing it. Now, if you have Silent Night and it's The Temptations, oh my goodness. That's awesome. I got All Silent Night. But Wait, listen, if you have Silent Night being sung by the Tabernacle Choir, eh, it ain't Same Rod Carry all I Want for Christmas. Okay? Okay. Okay. Have yourself, have yourself a merry little Christmas.


And again, for better context people. So you on my side, we going with Frank Sinatra's version. It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas. It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas. That's all right. Little drummer. Boy, I like that one. That was a nice one. Little Drummer boy. I Mean, I can't, I can't leave old Frosty Off. Oh, frost a snowman. Okay. Santa Claus is coming to town. Santa Cla is coming. Jackson Five. Okay. Two Town.


Where am Oh, What happened? Why you laughing Troll? What? Reindeer. Go ahead. Oh man. Every, okay. Everything for Christmas. Everything for Christmas.


Did you let it snow? Let it snow, Let it snow. Let it snow. Let it snow. Yeah. And, but boys, the men let it snow. Okay. You know what? We gotta, we get two honorable Mitchell. I'm gonna go Jingle Bells. Jingle bells. Yeah. All I want for Christmas. I already got that one. Did. Yeah, Mariah. Okay. Okay. Okay. You, you said Frosty the Snowman Already, right? I got Frosty too.


Okay, I see, I see that. I see Christmas in Harlem. Okay. And, and my last but not least, the legendary Ms. Whitney Houston George to the world in the Georgia Mass choir. Okay. Hey love, love comes with Christmas. I ain't never heard that one. Who sang that? I know, I know The Temptations. That's why, that's why I won that. That's why I won. I mean, I got, I mean, once I got all I want, all I wanted was Silent Night and all I want for Christmas.


You can't beat me. You can't beat me. Listen, no disrespect. I mean, because I can, once I just think about Silent Night with all the version Nat King Cole, I can get temptation. So not really, because once I went this Christmas, I'm talking about the Chris Brown ver the Chris Brown version of this Christmas. Nah, you ain't want none of that, man. You know? But Rod hit that thing all she said, all she wanted is for Christmas. Nah, after the chat, the chat, the chat to let you know. That's why, that's why I said who the individuals were singing based on the song that I picked.


So it it give you better understanding on why won. No. Alright, Ocho, now it's time for fellow Cinco. Okay. Alright. Let, lemme fo lemme focus up Where that Alright, Ocho your first word. Let, let me, let, let me focus up, let me focus up, hold on. What's wrong? Is my camera leaning or am I tripping? Huh? Yeah, don't worry about it.


Ocho, neither one of us picked Rudolph the Red Nose reindeer. Rudolph. You know Rudolf I did. And if I did pick Rudolph the Red Nose reindeer, I would've picked the Jackson five too. Yeah. Just FYI I'm ready. I'm ready. My is a reddish brown, fragrant sap, like resin me. That's the word. Yes. Meir, I'm, I'm, I'm assuming I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna take a wild guess. Okay? I'm gonna go MU rm.


That would be incorrect. It would be MYR Rh. What? Yep. That makes absolutely no sense at all. Whoa. What makes absolutely no sense is you spelling the MUR and think you got it right, The English, the English language. When we're taught as kids, as an adolescent In school, The sound out Sound like you misspelled it. Now, from over here by, from where?


I, from where I'm sitting. That's what it sound like to me. Okay? I'm gonna give you an easy one. Ocho. This one is a toboggan. Toboggan. It's, it's a sled. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Toboggan. What they used in cool run. Yeah. Yeah. TAB. Okay. OGAN. That would be incorrect. Again, it's TOB what? OGAN. Toboggan. Hold on, let me, let me, let me regroup. Okay. Let Regroup, regroup, regroup. Let me regroup, let me, let me get, because I, I, I, this is, this is, this is the second time.


Now I'm not doing well in spell o Cinco. Now something is right and people gonna think something wrong with me. Yeah, No, you got it right. Lemme say little something ain't right. Okay. Okay, Bo, I'm Ready. Huh? Okay, let, lemme go. I'm gonna give you this one. This was an easy one. Frankincense, frankincense, Frankincense. Yes. Okay, now I'm, I'm, I'm gonna go here. I'm, I'm gonna go here based on what I was taught as a kid.


Okay? I'm sounding it out. I'm thinking of other words like Frankenstein. Okay? Right. So I'm gonna go Franken, and then I'm gonna go sense, okay? Now I could be wrong, but if I'm wrong, then it's not my fault. It's the way we were taught here. Okay? You know, in, in, in, in, in the school district. So FA Okay, Nk, F-T-I-S-T-E-I-N, right? Nope. Since you're not ranked I'm wrong. Frankincense. F-R-A-N-K-I-N-C-E-N-F-E, frankincense. And golly, man, what the, I just, I don't, I don't know what is going on.


This is just preposterous. It is. You know what Ocho you get these flowers, a lot of people get these flowers this time of the year. Op edia edia po Po ceia Poinsettia Point. Okay? I, I like, I like what you did there. I like what you did the way you, the way you said point. So that lets you know it's POI, okay? PIN seia, I'm gonna, I'm not gonna say S I'm gonna go with C, okay? P-O-I-N-C-E Seia, TTIA. Pon Seia. Well, you made one fatal mistake.


You took the S out and you should have left it in there. It's P-O-I-N-S-E-T-T-I-A po seia. I had it right though. You had it right? Basically outside of the outside of the desk. Yes. Okay, okay. Okay. Listen, I might have got it wrong, but I'm feeling good about myself and that just gave me a little confidence. So, I mean, whatever the next word is, I'm probably gonna get that motherfucker right. Okay, I'm ready now. Bow sugar, a bow. Who's the main branch of a treat? Bow? The, the main, the main branch of a tree? Yes. Is a bow. I mean, I be, it's samo exotic ass word that makes no sense the way it's spelled.


Ba you know what? I'm just finna guess. Okay, now I could be wrong, but BEAU. BEAU. Now watch that be right? No, that's bo you are wrong. B-O-U-G-H-B-O. Wait, B-O-U-G-H. Yes. That makes absolutely no, Is this donnis? The last word is donnis. Woo. Dif Dif NIUs.


Don NIUs don. So DON that's how we start. We gonna sound this. We gonna, we gonna, we gonna, we gonna bring it home and we're gonna sound it out together. Yep. And break it down to syllables. It's three syllables. No, four. Don NIUs. Yeah. Yep. Four. Don, don Ferus. DONA. No, no, no. It's definitely not a Don ni. So D-O-N-I-F-E-R-I-O-U-S. Close. DO damn.


D-O-N-I-F-E-R-O-U-S. Danni, You know what? I gotta go back to the drawing board. I gotta go back to the drawing board. I gotta study a little bit more. I gotta get my thesaurus. I gotta go, I gotta go through it from A to Z. Look up some words, remember 'em, because they have a great photographic of memories. My memory is like an elephant. That's all I gotta do. I got, I gotta go, I gotta go back to the drawing board. Yeah. God damn, that was horrible today, shit. Yeah, that's, that's two weeks in a row right now you owe for 10. Alright, Ocho, now it's time for you to exact your revenge.


Okay? Dunk on Unc. Here we go. Okay. All right. Oh yeah. Okay. Damn. You might get this one right. The chat might get this one right? Okay, you ready? Don't go on. Here we go baby. Here we go. This active leading rookie. Wait a minute. This active NFL tight in Jesse Clipse 1000 receiving yards and 100 catches. Who was this? Brock Bowers. I knew, I knew he was gonna get that. I I knew he was gonna get that.


Okay, I just wanted to throw you a little layup. Okay? I appreciate that. Okay. Matter of fact, that wasn't no layup. I wanted to throw you a bounce Pass. Okay? I appreciate that. Easy, easy. I like that o appreciate that. Good looking. Yes. Sorry. So it's the least I could do. Here we go. This rarely used special teams play still legal on the NFL rules. Allow the team to attempt a field goal immediately following a fair catch without a snap or Rush. It's called a free kick. Say it Again? It's called a free kick. The charges executed against the Broncos. They called a fair catch. He got past an affairs. There's no, but I only do that when there's no time on the clock. Okay. It's called a fair catch kick.


It's called a fair Catch Kick. It's called a free kick. Fair kicks Kick. No, the fair catch is when he does it, the free kick means it can't be blocked. So you just have to line up and it and the guy just kicks the ball. But go ahead, Ocho, I got appreciate that. That's two for two. Lemme get that. Lemme get that here. You know, Ocho you know on You got, you got that right? Yes. Okay, logged on. All right, here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Known for the brutal winter conditions, which is the oldest stadium currently in Houston, in NFL, which first opened in 1924.


Woo. Lambo. That is absolutely wrong. Soldier Field. 1920. Yeah. 1924. Home of the Bear Soldier Field opened in 1924. Okay. Damn. Let's go ocho. We on the road, baby. We on the road? We we on the road. We on the road. Here we go. Yeah, we And you gonna start losing the, right here, here we go. When the NFL was founded in 1920, it went by a different name. What was the original name called? Oh my goodness. Oh, oh, yeah. Oh yeah, we got It. NFL what was it called?


We stump him like the Schwab? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You ain't got this one? Nah, you ain't got No, because I was gonna say oldest team, but, but I don't know this. Take your time. Okay. I know, I know you don't know it, know it, but the name you're looking for, the answer you're looking for, sir, is called the American Professional Football Association.


Yes. In 1920. Here we go. You're not gonna get the rest of these anyway. Just FYI, I'm just letting you know ahead of time chat. Stay with me Now. This, this active NFL receiver currently sits at number four on the most yards by a receiver in their first five seasons. Let me, let me read this again. I'm gonna take it, I'm gonna take it a little slower. This active NFL receiver receiver currently sits at number four on most yards by a wide receiver in their first five seasons. Who is he? Jamar Chase.


That is absolutely wrong, but that is a good, that's a good answer being that he Is What is the, oh, you, is it jj? No, no, sir. The answer you're looking for is CD lamb. He wears a star on his helmet. Yeah, cd. Oh, Yeah, yeah, yeah. You, you ain't, you ain't doing too good now. I told you. See, I gave, I gave you some layup. I gave you a layup and a bounce pass for the first two questions, and now you getting the hard one. Okay, Here we Go. Here we go. Monday night. Monday night football debuted in 1970 and has become the blueprint. The blueprint for primetime sports. Which two teams played on the first Monday night football game, and what was the score?


Oh my god. Now you, but what the score? No. Nope, nope, nope. Hey, hey, hey. It's a two part question. It's the last one. It's the two part question. What two teams debuted on Monday Night Football? Are you cheating? Hmm huh? No. What'd you, what'd you say? What? You be what? You, you In your phone? No, no, no, no, no, no. My phone. There's my phones. Okay. Well, I I don't know. You got something off your plate, something off to your right. You were looking at, looking Down. I was, I was thinking Ocho Damn. Okay. Okay. If you, you can't, you think you Gotta look straight? Okay. Okay. Yeah. I don't know.


Jess Browns don't do me like that. O nah. Cheating you cheating. Nah. Told on You ain't logged somebody logged on for you. Hey, hey. They called me the Steph Curry trivia. Well, well, actually, actually, I, I'm not sure why you're so excited because you didn't understand.


I don't, the question, I don't even care. Think about it. I was two years old when Monday Night Football debut. I just took a guess because at the time Art mode was head of the committee. So I'm figuring it had to be the Browns, because why else would he, so they put his team on, Right? Yeah. But, but part of the question was what was the score? I don't even care. Well, you gotta care because that's part of the answer. So if not, you've only got two, right? Okay. You, you, you right, you, you won, you won, but you only got two. Right? Man, Jordan, look here.


You'll not find somebody that knows least about less about sports than Jordan forward. I'm talking about absolutely zero. The only thing he know about is Cincinnati de Bengals, and he know they're terrible. Yeah, that's what, they've been terrible his whole life. Wait a minute, wait a minute. What's gonna happen Saturday when we beat y'all? What's gonna be your excuse? What's gonna be your excuse when we get on here and you not allowed to say foot or ball because we done beat y'all. Yeah, it's gonna, Hey, well I can, Hey, listen, I can't wait. I, I'm okay. I'm, I'm gonna take a guess at the score. I'll 24 17.


No, the score was 31 21. So you actually got that wrong. That's right. You didn't expect, you didn't expect, you didn't expect me to get that. You didn't expect me to get that right. Well, I mean, you didn't, you, you only got it right, because simply because of what art mode Browns I did. I mean that it's simple. I just took, I just took, I honestly, I just, I just took a guess, especially with the, and the Jets. Didn't the Jet, when the Jets win the Super Bowl ii, was that 69? So coming into the 70 season Was January.


Okay. So I just figured they had Broadway. I just figured like, okay,


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase Freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC


from the Delta Sky Club. Welcome back Ms. Klein to the Jet Bridge. Delta Airlines relies on 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business to power operations and serve customers faster. Together, we're putting 5G into the hands of ground staff so they can better assist on-the-go Travelers with real-time information throughout the airport, this is elevating customer experience. This is Delta Airlines with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash now.


Okay, bacon lovers. Let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Meyer. Big cut Bacon. Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich, smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Meyer smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day, twice as long as most bacon is smoke. So for that savory, smoky, thick cut bacon, keep it Oscar listen Powder to tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Restoform Mattress. This state of art memory foam technology will have you feeling like you're sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 hours. That's the same amount of time. Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah, while you're sleeping, Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon you'll dream about. Keep it. Oscar.


Yo. This is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing obsession. For some of us, it's vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and venture spots where designer handbags are the real deal and all your favorite dead style sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them and if it's your car, the Fusion most and eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any do or yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters, or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and file what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. We've partnered with them to make this holiday season even better. With all the shopping, gifting, and holiday prep. My PayPal debit card is my go-to for getting more outta my purchases. Here's how it works. I choose my monthly category, gas, restaurants, apparel, groceries, health and beauty, or just for the holiday season tech and I earn 5% cash back on up to a thousand bucks in the purchases in those categories. Yeah, 5% cash back. This month I'm gonna go with tech. It's my category. It's a no brainer, right? Everybody loves the latest tech gifts. So whether it's stuff for the fam or adding new gadgets to my personal collection, that cash back adds up fast. So this holiday season, let the PayPal debit card do the heavy lifting sign up for the card when you download the PayPal app. Then pay in store and online and get cash back with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limits apply. See PayPal dot com slash rewards pal. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank, na, pursuant to a license by MasterCard International Incorporated, and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


All right, Ocho, it's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. I'm trying to figure out how y'all say I cheated. I mean, y'all ain't have it in the, what you call 'em. Y'all ain't have it in the chat. So where am I gonna pull it up at Alex Griffin said, Hey Uncle Ocho, love the show. I would like to get a shout out from you guys. I have just retired from the fire department after 23 years of service. I appreciate you two. Be safe, Alex. Congratulations for your service to the community. Yes sir. Hopefully you were able to, you know, put out a lot of fires, rescue a lot of pets, and even save a few human beings.


Hopefully you didn't have to save too many of 'em, but thank you for your service, bro. We really appreciate that. Thank you so much. Thank You. Thank you baby. Y'all talking about my staff, bro. Do y'all realize my staff know less about about sport? I think Ash know more than Jordan, but ain't nobody getting that one. No, you underst Ain't nowhere, Nowhere Jordan, If, if your, your staff is the brain, they are the brains what? Behind everything. So what they don't know, they have laptops that they are extremely, extremely savvy with and can find the answer within seconds. Do You understand how happy Ash get when I get it wrong? She got her arms up in the air like she got on Pompom.


I'm like, hold on, wait a minute. What? You on over here, Jordan? Ain't no sense to me asking Jordan, because Jordan ain't gonna get nothing. The only thing he might get right, the Bengals color Right. That's the only thing I promise you. That's the only thing Jordan gonna get, right? Josiah Moore said, what's good Unc don't your, you got it with the calculus mouth problem, Mr. Harvard. Can we agree or Rally is a crack ready for the NFL yet? Yes. I mean, look, he can make a few qualities though. He is a nice lively arm. He had a, a nice 18 yard jump pass where he jumped and threw the ball there. Had a nice velocity, but yeah, it's moving a little fast for him right now. It's moving a little fast.


And he might be a situation OCHO where he might be better served in the backup role. And that's okay because you know, there are a lot of guys got have outstanding careers O Joe, Right? Come in, play a couple of games and get a nice 10 year career. Right? But yeah, it's moving a little fast for him right now. It, it really is. Tyra said, why isn't Brock Bowers considered for the rookie of the year? He leads all tight ends of reception and yards tied for second NFL with reception and eighth and receiver yards. Love the show. So you're gonna take a tight end On a can I for You on a three and 12 team over a Quarterback. Jay Daniels. Huh? Jay Daniels.


Come on dude. You can answer that and you can answer that for yourself. Thank you. I mean sir, no, I mean no disrespect. Brock Bowers is good, but we talking about Jayden Daniels who just changed a franchise around in a matter of what months? Yes. In the matter of months. Yeah. That's not, you decide, Morris says, after the Raiders won and drop the six to the draft. Do you think we trade up the grab a QB cam water? Ur, who's the best chance to get either? Who has the best chance to get either? Man, I ain't nobody trading up with y'all. Who gonna trade down Most of the teams that's up. They need a quarterback now. The Jags don't need one. I don't know the draft order right now, but we know the Giants need a quarterback.


The Giants ain't moving at all. As a matter of fact, they might come out there and run the Wildcat to make sure they don't score no points. I'm trying to think who is it, like who's up there, who's in the top 10 of the draft selection giants. I know what you call 'em up there, the Jags, but they're not taking a quarterback. The Patriots, they're not taking a quarterback. Tennessee Titans. They need a quarterback.


Why would I trade with the Raiders? And I need a quarterback at four and I'm gonna trade and let y'all get y'all quarterback of the future. Cleveland five. They need a quarterback while I'm gonna trade with y'all at six and let y'all get a quarterback when we need a quarterback. Right. And then Vegas is six. Nah, I don't, I don't see, I don't, I don't see somebody trading with y'all because all the teams now, you know, hold on. Maybe the, you know what, maybe the Jaar trade with y'all. They don't need a quarterback So they'll come out, but they'll come out two. Yeah, but I want Travis Hunter, so no. Oh, okay. Why would I Trade? Okay, okay.


The Patriots, I want Travis Hunter, they don't select me. Right? Mm. That's a good one. Ocho, I'm not trying to strengthen you. I'm not. Yeah. Let y'all get a quarterback and then we ain't got no quarterback. You got you. You can't pass up on quarterbacks at all. No, you Can't. You can't. Angie Carr said the Packers and love are the truth. The NFC don't want Green won't want that Green Bay smoke. Also of the 2000 Ravens and the nine eight Broncos played 10 times. Which one you got winning more happy holidays.


Which team? I'm on Angie, because that's gonna be my deciding factor because you know, I'm gonna have to make a play here or there. Man. That 2000 Raven Defense man gonna Molly wop y'all man. Man, You better stop playing. They not gonna score their offense. Defense. Y'all ain't gonna Score. No, we gonna score. We gonna score. That's what everybody said. Everybody all season We gonna score. Don't Joe, But did you, you do realize how many hall of Famers we had on that side of the ball. I I understand what you're talking about. You do realize how many Hall of Famers they had on they side of the ball. They Had two And the great supporting cast too.


We had a hall of Fame left tackle. So who, who, who gonna get to the quarterback? Shoot. Who, who was the DN Peter? Not Peter Beware. No, Mike McQueary and Peter beware and then they bumped. Yeah, they bumped Rob Burnett and Big Sam Hammer inside. Hmm. And he had T-Bone Tony Jones at Right Tackle Tony Hay, Tony Rest his Soul T-Bone. Obviously we had TD at the running back, we had seven at the quarterback. Yours true at the tight end. Yeah. I think we get a mojo. I don't know why I think we get him. I don't know.


Brandon Holloway, shout out to Aunt Man for signing my boy's Jersey shoes tonight at the Wolfs Hawk game. They told me that I'm the best dad ever. It really made their Christmas. Have you ever guys got an autograph from an idol or a famous person as a child? Nope. Right. I'm from the south country who's gonna come by? Famous who live in the country. You know, I to think about it, Uhuh, I ain't get, like I said, don't show. I went to all those pro bowls and I ain't get no autographs. You know, guys like got jerseys and helmets, a lot of people. Right? I ain't get nothing. Yeah. Manning. I ain't get nothing from Manning. I ain't getting nothing from Brady. I ain't getting nothing from Montana. And, and Marino, Kelly, Warren, moon, none of the guys ett Barry Jerry ain't get nothing.


Wa I'm thinking Yeah. As, as as, as a kid growing up. No, nobody famous. Nobody famous now without, I mean, until I actually became of some type of status, that's when I started to run into people and, and meet people. Yeah. There was nobody I would Yeah, but that a key. I was like, oh goodness, I gotta have your autograph. You know, it's, it, it, it was cool and I was, they were fans of mine and it's like, how you a fan of mine and I'm a fan of your work. What, what, what are you, what is you talking about? Now? There is one person just, just to go off topic just a little bit, huh? Yeah. I would do anything in this world. I would do any, anything in this world to have a chance to sit down with Daniel Day Lewis.


I'd do anything. I don't care where I gotta travel to. You know, he's not one that's in the public eye. When it's time for him to work, he works. He becomes submerged in his character. Whatever role he's playing. I, I just love to, I'm talking about love and I, I love acting, acting Three time Oscar, Oscar, he's won more. Oscars in a lead role than anyone. Listen dude, I just, I just, if I can't even just shake, just shake your hand. That's it. Like, like that kind of love for Daniel Day Lewis man. Yeah. Jesus Christ. I mean, I've been tweeting and asking to meet him, you know, Twitter so powerful. Twitter always makes things happen for People. I don't think he on Twitter though, Ocho I know he, I know he not. I'm just saying sometimes.


Yeah, Listen, you can tweet stuff out and all of a sudden, you know, it manifests and it actually happening. You know, just, just like that. And I've been, I've been through for 10 years. Nobody helped me. Alright guys, that concludes this episode of Nightcap. Thank you for joining in after that game. The Packers defeat the Saints 34 nothing. Packers move to 11 and four. The Saints fall to five and the five and ten two games remaining. Green Bay have the Lions and the Vikings. And it don't matter who New Orleans have, they've already booked their tickets for the off season.


They're going to Jamaica, Cancun. That's, that's all they got going on. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. Elk Shannon Shark. That guy is number 85. Liberty City Zone, being a ring of Fame artery. The pro bowler, the all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson, please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And we thank you for your continued support.


Check out Shea by La Porter. The holidays are here. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter. If you cannot find it, any city or state near you, just order it and we'll ship it directly to you. Please drink responsibly.


Go follow my media company page on all of his platforms, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We had our new release that just dropped last month and we've got new t-shirts and sweats as well as stocking stuffers such as beanies, coozies, and mugs. Quantities are limited, so please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Huh? All mugs shipped out today. So hopefully you'll have them by no later than Thursday, Friday at the absolute latest. We thank you. Ocho got his hoodie on like that. Like that real, real nice. So everyone should be receiving their orders this week.


Please make sure you let us know that you received everything that you ordered. Thank you so much for your support. Again, tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. Our first Springs tour stop are on sale now. Lake Pen at the top of the chat. February 6th in New Orleans. Be there. New Orleans hasn't been a great year thus far for you in football or basketball. Zion is out. Your quarterback got hurt, Derek Carr and the season has kind of been a disappointment. So we wanna bring you some joy, laughter to start off 2025. So make sure you don't, that tickets are on sale now. Be there. You don't wanna miss it. We've been nominated for two Sports Podcast Award, the best American Football podcast and best sports comedy podcast.


Again, best sports, best American Football podcast and best Sports Comedy podcast. Please go vote for us. The link is pen to chat on our social pages and in all our social bios. Again, the Packers defeated the Saints ccle a playoff spot by the score of 34 to nothing O Joe. That's it. We'll see we are back Wednesday, Christmas, got the Ravens take on the the Texans. The Steelers take on the Chiefs there another game or that The only two games, just two games. Just two games, tons of basketball games that day.


But yeah, we gotta focus on those goals because they have huge implications. The Raven. If the Steelers win that game, excuse me, if the Chiefs win the game, they all likelihood they sow up home field throughout the entirety of the playoffs. I don't see them playing Patrick Mahomes or a number of their starters in the final week of the season. No Point We're gonna be on right after the games right after. So we're not gonna go at our normal times because the games come on really early. So we'll be on right after the games. So that's that game. That game has huge implications. If the Chiefs beat the Steelers and the Ravens beat the Texans, can they win the division?


Can they clinch? I don't think they can clinch. Right Then they're gonna come down to the final game of the season and then that means Steelers and the Bingos Last game of the season. Yes. Yes. And Guess, guess who gonna win that? We finna win the next two game. We gonna be the Broncos then. You know Y'all ain't winning Jack. Okay. Okay. Okay. Here we got Netflix. No, Ash got Netflix. Ash got Netflix. No, Ash got Netflix.


Yeah, she does see Ash be watching Bull on Netflix, y'all. But that concludes this episode of Nightcap. Thank you guys for joining us. We'll see you on Christmas day. Happy holidays. Whatever you celebrate, happy. May they be joyous, may they be festive and we'll see you on Wednesday. Thank you guys for joining us You The Volume


From the Delta Sky Club. Welcome back Ms. Klein to the Jet Bridge. Delta Airlines relies on 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business to power operations and serve customers faster. Together we're putting 5G into the hands of ground staff so they can better assist on-the-go. Travelers with real time information throughout the airport, this is elevating customer experience. This is Delta Airlines with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash Now.


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean hell, who doesn't? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect the smoky flavor. That length of time you can fly from Miami to Los Angeles and back from Los Angeles to Miami. 12 long hours. That's about how long it takes Oscar Meyer to smoke their bacon. There's no wrong way to enjoy it, So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon right now


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank and NA member FDIC.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liqueur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


What gift are you going to get? That person that's impossible to shop for? Give the gift of sound. J Lab has the perfect gift for anyone with a variety of styles, sizes, and colors. And they have products for under $100, under $50, and even under $25. I love that. Save up to 60% on select J Lab products this holiday season on j lab.com. Look for the J Lab Blue Box at retailers everywhere. Or visit j lab.com today.