
This is an iHeart Podcast.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool Rush sent back, and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band, or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade-in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 0.99 or more with new line on eligible plan Gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited Ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% a PR trade in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms apply.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others Dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The volume Ocho Yeah. Each NFL team's goal. Can you see that right there? They got each NFL team's goal. I think FanDuel did that. Yeah. Matter of fact, I saw this earlier. Hold on. Do You got any objections? Hold on. Hey, Ash. Ash, if you could hear me, can you text that to my phone? My my eyes are, my eyes are bad. I, I I like this. Somebody sent it to me earlier too, but I was, I was at the concert so I wasn't able to ask her.


Me. Yeah, she sent it to you. Okay. My long it's coming. I li I li I like, I like stuff like this too. Mean You, you have any objections based on what you see so far? Okay, there we go. I got it now. Larry Re absolutely the Matt Ryan. I would've loved to put Julio Jones there instead, but with it being that Ryan, I totally understand the quarterback Ravens Ray Lewis. Of Course, that's a, well, IIII don't know when it's all said and done if it might not be Lamar. Lamar, okay. Yeah. When it's all said and done Yeah. Prob probably.


But you gotta understand Ray Ray Ray gave you two Super Bowls now, gave Two Super Bowls, two times defensive player of the year. Yeah. He's, he's, he's universally regarded as the best middle linebacker to ever play the game. I was very fortunate to play with him for two years and know what he put in it to become what he became. So I ain't got no problem with that. Yeah. I played against Brucey. Yep. Buffalo. Yep. Jim, I mean, I think for the, for the bills, it could, it could have gone two ways. It could have been Jim Kelly or it could have been Bruce Smith. You can't go wrong either way. What you think. I think Brucey and plus Brucey was a two time defensive player of the year, all decade player in the eighties and the nineties. Huh. Now we'll see what Josh Allen does.


Can he take him to the Super Bowl and, and unsee him? Right. Cam? Okay. Yeah, Absolutely. And I think Cam also with Cam you can slash Luke Keekley, even though it was short, it was shortlived It. What about Pep what about Julius Peppers? I forgot about Steve Smith. It's tougher than you think for Carolina. Yeah. Yeah, it is. But Cam quarterback, MVP took it to the Super Bowl. I'm cool with that. Yeah. Walter Peyton. Okay. Yeah. Hands down Anthony Munoz. Absolutely. Jim Brown. Ain't nobody unseating him. No. Emmett, okay. Yeah, I can live with that John. Okay. Oh, Troy. Yeah.


Okay. Okay. Two te you do realize Emmy was a two time league. MVP, right? John? Okay. I live with that. That's a good one. Yes. Barry. Barry. Yep. Absolutely. Aren Rogers. Wow. Over Brett. I'm not, yeah, I'm not surprised. I mean, he got four MVPs. Brett got three. He was a Super Bowl MVP winner. More touchdowns, more inter fewer interceptions. I'm cool. I'm perfectly cool with that. Okay. And they have some great, they have some great players. You got Bard Star, James Lofton, then the Pro Bowl. My brother's going to the Pro Bowl. You have Ray Nitsky, Walter d, Willie Davis, herb Adderley, or they got a, a Wall Horning Taylor, Right?


Yes, yes. Aren Rogers, JJ Watt Yes. Slash Nate Manning. Absolutely. Even though with Johnny Unit us and they got some players. Yes. Hold on, hold on. Now you skipped. Now that Houston's one now I was slash Andre Johnson as well. Well, first of all, that's with jj three defensive players of the year. Ocho Okay. I mean, you, I mean, you could probably make a case. He's a top five defensive player of all time with the, what he's been, what he was able to do those years. He's the only guy that have multiple 20 sack seasons. Okay. Alright. I play with that p fanning, even though you got Johnny Unit us, you got some great players, Marvin Harrison, Reggie Wayne, you've got some great players that that played there.


But for me it's Peyton. Now, I was a little surprised by this. Fred Taylor, we you surprised. Yeah. Yeah. I I thought they probably go with Tony Belli. Oh, one of the greatest, probably one of the greatest left tackles of all time. Yep. Yeah. But Fred had longevity. Belli got hurt, his shoulders gave out on him, as a matter of fact. Had a great conversation with him. We was at the last Super Bowl. I was on a panel with him. So Patrick Mahomes Yeah. Goes without saying, Hey, what if Marcus Allen Raiders. Yes. Raiders Marcus. Yeah. But You know, look, they had some great players. They got a lot of Hall of Famers. Exactly. That's why, that's what I just said. But Marcus, man, look, you gotta understand, he and Al had a really falling out.


He was blocking for Bo Jackson Lt. Absolutely. Yeah. LT was played, You know, I, I was fortunate enough to play in the tail end of my career against lt. And they had some great players, Kellen Winslow, Dan Fouts, Phillip Rivers, gates, Fred Dean was there for a minute. Big hands. Johnson, who else they had, shoot, they had Charlie, Rodney Harrison. Yeah. That Junior say, yeah. Yeah. They had Charlie Joiner West, they had John Jefferson, the moon man, the Moonman, forget what, what's West's last name?


But they had some good receivers there. Kellen Winslow Senior here. The Rams Aren Donald, no surprise there without question. The Dolphins Danno, no surprise there. Absolutely Minnesota. Randy, no surprise there. And they, they got some ball of Fame. You know, they got that, that famous a purple people eater. Alan Page is in the Hall of Fame. He's one of the two men that win defensive win the MVP as a defensive player here in L lt. Carl ERs in the Hall of Fame. John Johnny Randall, Chris Carter, Fred Tarkenton. Chris Dolman. So with Randy.


Randy what the, what's the quarterback they had that Tarkenton. Yeah. Ram Cunningham. Fred. Yeah. Tarkenton Min New England, Tom, stop. What, without saying New Orleans. Drew, stop. Yeah. New York lt. Without saying the Jeff, Joe Namath, Broadway, Joe. Yep. The Eagles. Reggie, because I got a, I got a chance to play against Reggie in his prime. He that Yeah, but Steelers mean Joe. And You know, Steelers got a lot of, a lot me and Joe. Man. He was the anchor. He was the under tackler that made it all work. Yeah.


San Fran, Jerry, Rightfully so. Seattle, Russell Wilson, Super Bowl winning quarterback. Absolutely. Tampa, Derrick Brooks. I thought they might go sap thought they might go Leroy Salmon. Leroy Selma was the first overall draft pick. 1976. The first year they came into existence. Right. Their first hall of famer. But I like, I, I played against Brooksy, so I, but I know Brooks and I know sap. Yeah. So I ain't got no problem with this. The Tennessee Titans, Warren Moon Oilers. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. You can't go wrong with that Or Could've Been Earl Campbell.


Ah, but it was too short. He was, it was a short, but he was like, I think a three time offensive player of the year. An MVP led the league in Russian. Hey, the, one of the most punishing backs ever, ever. Yeah. Washington Darryl Green dg. Well, couldn't it, couldn't that have been, that could have been Doug Williams? No, Doug played at Tampa, but he didn't. But he, Doug had a short career at Tampa. You remember? He won the Super Bowl with the Washington. Okay, okay. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. So Darryl Green's longevity gets in the nod here, Huh? Oh, yeah. The cha upset.


Cha said it should have been Dionne or Michael Vick. I, oh, wait, okay. Dionne. Where? In Atlanta. But Dionne only played, Dionne was only there for five years. 5 8, 9 99. 1 92, 93 94 went to San Francisco. He did two in San Francisco and two in Dallas. One in San Francisco. Okay. Nine four. Nine five. He went to the Cowboys and they won. He wanted Super Bowl in nine four with San Fran. He went to Dallas in nine five, won the Super Bowl with them. So if he only played five years in, in, in Atlanta, yeah. I, I think I, I don't think people realized how short time's career was there and they let him walk. They didn't franchise him or anything. They let him walk. Right.


I like Julio. I like Julio as, as, as the better player. Yeah. For that, for the Falcon. But You know, the quarterback always gets a nod. What about Mike Vick? Culturally? Yes. Hey, And then that Mike, big Mike Big still, still a legend out there, man. Man, fuck. Hey man, them Joe would still be wearing Mike Big Jerseys. Yeah. Who wasn't Steel Him. Well, he was, I, I can't, I can't even explain it. I can't even explain it. The One game one, the one game when we played the Falcons. Yeah.


Where the whole offense was up. Watching Ain't on that turf. Nobody was on the bench when we played against Vic, Him on that turf was, you had to see it there. You had to see it. Raider star running back. Ashton Genty predicts 1500 rush yards. And between 10 and 20 touchdowns in his rookie season, I'm open for 1500 yards and we'll say like 10 20 touchdowns. Do you think that's possible for the rook? Absolutely. I don't know about no 20 touchdowns, 15 on yards. Yes. Yes. I like, yeah. I like trying to think, man, you probably got who? That's probably, you gotta talk about Gale Cs.


I think Gail Cs had 20 rush touchdowns his rookie season. And I think that was 1965. Go back and take a look at Gale's numbers. Gail was electric though. Yeah. Can comment. Hey, I like the, I like the confidence too in setting the goals for yourself. Setting those type of lofty goals for yourself as a rookie coming in. I, I, I like it. I don't think it's gonna be as easy as he thinks it's gonna be. Especially when he, when he gets to see how fast everybody else is. J just imagine you playing Penn State's defense. That's what everybody in the NFL is. Hey, I think a little better than that though. Huh? That's what I'm saying.


And who's gonna be able to lift coverage off you? What receivers you got now? You got Bowers. He's really good. And I, I think y'all worked hand in hand. You know, you wanna start, drop that safety down in the box and not borrowers get an opportunity to work one-on-one. So I do think 1500 yards might be possible, but be very doable. I say 10, 12 touchdowns, but 20 man, bro, that's a lot of tubs. Ocho Yes. It GA's Gail's numbers. His rookie year, his second year is when he, he read those six, had those six, had those six touchdowns in a game.


Yeah. But they only played 12 games back then. He definitely would've had 20 touchdowns if they'd played, if they'd have played five more games. They had 14 games in 65. And he came out in 64, right? Yeah. Six. Yeah, he was him and Buckers, I think Buck. Yeah. He and Buckys were like, okay.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band, or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited Ultimate or Postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% a PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms apply.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Sud, CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming, how she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment, and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I think 50, I think 1500 yards is realistic, but that's still a lot of yards, even though it's 17 games, that's still a lot of yards. Or Joe, Listen, I, I like, That's 80 yards a game. Oh, You know how hard that is. I do. Yes. I know how hard it's he Going, he go, he listen, he gonna have to have some games where he hit it Well over a hundred And get, and, and I, I holler at you. How, how was, how was his 40 time, just curious, Where'd he run the 40 at? Did he run the 40? Probably what, 4 4, 4 5? He doesn't, he doesn't, he doesn't have, he doesn't have 4, 4, 5.


Okay. He doesn't. Okay. He Good. Speed Ain't got good speed, but, and I like it though, but, ooh, 1500. It's a lot of yards in 10. In 10 to 20 touchdowns. Ocho check this out. While it appears that Aren Rogers is signing with the Pittsburgh Steelers, the team apparently has a contingency plan if something goes awry. Jeremy Fowler said, based on conversations he had during last week's NFL League meetings, Kirk Cousins at best, at very least on the Steelers radar, Fowlers said the Steelers were interested earlier this off season in the possibly possibility of acquiring cousins. It was reported last month that the Fowlers had discussion with multiple teams regarding a possible trade of cousins.


But Atlanta was looking for teams to take on a significant portion, at least 20 million of the remaining 37 and a half million guaranteed on cousin's contract. Falcon's asking price might be more reasonable Now, however, remember ocho Yeah, they gave him 50 million signed last year. Yes, sir. And he got 37 guaranteed this year. So he got a hundred million dollars coming over the next three years. But a guarantee. Yeah. And when I had, when we OCHO and the thing that I said, I said, Ocho, let's just say for in the best case scenario, right? He plays two years.


I said, Ocho, what if he only gives you one? Which is what he, he gave us half of one. He gave us half, he gave us half of that one. But listen, as, as long as the, the fact that they're even waiting, I'm, I'm sure they're probably in talks right now with the Falcons about wanting to acquire Kirk Cousins and paying that 20 million that the would want them to pay on his salary. Yeah. Because sitting here waiting on Aren Rogers, when they have, is it OTAs coming up or mini? They're already in them. Yeah. Like I, I mean, listen, I know you, you are a veteran, but I would love, I would love maybe in just me, if I was in this position, I would love to be there right now.


Yeah, I would too. I would love, I would love to be there. I would love the continuity, You know, getting, getting acclimated with the offense and having, having that much of a headstart, if that's what I really wanna do. I don't know. But, but Aren and Aren Aren, listen, I think he, I think he's, he feels like he's played long enough. He doesn't need to be there. The game of football is all the same. And I, I, I don't know. Well, I, well I, me personally, I think it hurt him and his relationship, but not, not personal relationship, but his own field relationship with some of the receivers in, in, in New York. Yeah. I've heard, I I've heard, I I could be wrong that he was, he was throwing with, with, with dk.


Yeah. Was, I think it was it out here in la Yeah. So I mean, if, if they, if they were throwing together, then that's, that's, I mean, You do realize DK is not the only receiver on the team, right? Yeah. But he would be that either be the main guy. Okay. James Harrison got in on the viral Goodnight Trent and called Brett Keel. Let's take a look at the video, Joe. That's funny. Yeah, pretty good. I'll send you some pictures. I made a couple more couple calls. Okay. So y'all going back home now? Yeah. Okay. What You know, sick man? Just laying in bed, man. I'll just call him to tell you good night. Alright man. Man, gimme a kiss.


Y'all. Listen, that's one of the funniest things going on right now, man. That trend. I seen some, I seen some of the commander players do it. Yeah. I, that's What dude tried to get. Jade Daniels be like, bro, what you on? Yeah. Yeah. That's funny. Especially the, the authentic reaction of having someone tell you goodnight. Especially the fellas, when You know it's not normal. It's not common. It's something, first of all, don't do Somebody a, a guy calling and telling you goodnight. It's all it's going to, it is going to elicit to like, let's just say for the sake of argument, you all did it at one time and they didn't, nobody know it was a trend. Right. I think people are starting to catch on now and so they're they're gonna play into it. Yeah. But if everybody did it at one time, just, just take athlete to athlete and you call somebody, man, look here, you, you better bleed that out.


Hey, The first thing I listen, I, all the people I could think of, they ain't gonna say, man, stop playing on my phone. Yeah. They gonna curse. Yes. You know, they gonna say something. You can't, you can't before. Yes, yes, Yes. So yeah, that, that was, That. That's why I don't play a whole, that's why I don't play on the phone because before a before I say, Hey man, you got me on speaker. They asked me the same thing, man, I'm on speaker. Oh, that's, You should have told me. Oh, Joe, have you seen the sa the cooper deon alley hoop video?


Oh yeah, yeah. Let's watch this. Bounce. Bounce feet Got Bunnies. Yeah. Well think about it. If the rim is 11 feet, right, 10, 10 feet up 10. Listen, I think every NFL player, especially at the skilled position, they can dunk. They, they can dunk everybody. Everybody. Oh yeah. I mean like that. If you six foot tall with a 30 plus inch vertical Yeah, you dunked because your arm probably two feet long. You got a 30 plus edge vertical that's two and a half feet plus you six foot.


So you should be good. Yeah, abs absolutely, Absolutely. But he dug that thing with authority. Yeah. Like, huh? You should, you should see me dunk. You know my, my vertical at the combat was what, 42, right? No, it wasn't, but okay. Oh, you see a dude that ran that 4 1 40? I think he ran, I think he won the big 10 in the a hundred meters. The white kid that hour. Oh, he still, Hey, he Blake, he could run. Yeah, I think he wouldn't a hundred I think was him. Is it, is it really? Is it really four one though? Yeah. Oh yeah. He could run. No, no, he could hold, he could get out Ocho he can get out. Hey Christian. Well, he jumped out them blocks.


Christian Coleman can get out and I don't think Christian out Four one, he ain't Christian. Coleman starting in his prime, but he could get out. Oh, he got out on them boys. They, they, they almost came and got him, but hey, he is out there. I think that was him. Was that him Ash? I forgot His name. Iowa. It wasn't the big 10 in the a hundred meter dash. The white guy from Iowa. Is that the one that ran that four one something at at the com at the, at Iowa for spring day or something? You know how fast, You know how fast four one is? Hell yeah. That might, that might, that might be what, 16 steps? A little maybe less. Maybe less.


I mean, I saw a guy, we had a DB run four two on grass. On grass. Yeah. That's, that's a, yeah, that's a whole lot of torque, boy. Yep. That's him. Mocho, he ran 4 1 9. Right. I need, I need to, he needs to, he needs Colvin Ran 4 1 2. Yeah. Okay. Usain ran four two. Ran 4, 2, 2. With, with, with, with a sweatpants on playing Around. You ran 4 1 5.


He can get out. OY I'm telling you, if you watch this, go, go pull it up on YouTube and watch him how he got out. He can get out. Yeah. I, I gotta, I gotta see that. All right. It's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. What about what if I ran oh one? I probably wouldn't be able to ran N route. Oh, you can run a route. All it's gonna do is get you to that safety quicker. You better stay your ass on the outside. That's a headache. I mean, the only guy, I mean, there've been only a handful of guys that's been able to run like that Ocho Yeah.


That was not afraid to go like Tyreek to have that kind of speed. Yeah. And, and, and, and didn't live predominantly outside. Right, Right, Right. Catches a lot of inbreaking routes. Normally when you have that kind of speed, you ain't really trying to get hit. All you running is go routes. But Tyreek turned himself into a very good receiver where he could run the route tree. And that's what makes him so dangerous. Patrick Arthur said Unc ocho Stephen a said Tyrese. Halliburton ain't a superstar that then neither is Anthony Edwards. Would you? I think t Tyrese Halliburton is a star. I I don't think he's a superstar now.


I I could be wrong. Yeah. My, my basketball prowess is, is nowhere near yours or maybe No. Nowhere near those in the chat that enjoy the game of basketball. But he's a star. Yeah. He ain't no slouch. But Superstar is reserved for the league. They ain't, But they ain't But a handful of them. I mean we, we throw this term superstar and star. We throw all those terms around loosely and it's kind of devalued a little bit Ocho. Right. Because anybody that have a, You know, a year or two, a great basketball, oh, you a superstar. No, no, man, you used to have to put work in Consistency. Yeah. You had to get a couple of, You know, MVP go to the finals, You know, you had to put some work in, not just have a couple of good seasons.


Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't think So. How y'all, how y'all been? It's your boy from South Dakota, Patrick. We've been all right. We've been all right. Life is good. Life is good. Happy Valley Farm said Thunder. Walk the wolves down with a poker face. Well they, you look, if you look at the way the Thunder came out tonight, it was a lot different than what they came out from game three. Yeah. And they knew they could, they could not allow the crowd to get into it. Like they did the in game three and they came out meant business. They came out with the purpose of like, we going back home three one, we're not going back home. Two two. And they did what they set out to do. You know, what if they hurry up and end this series and win this next game, won't they have even that much more time to rest?


Yes. Yes. All depends due to Indiana Pacers take a three one lead or do they go back to MSG Tie two two. Right. Zeke to God 96. Do you think the Knicks will make a comeback? Everything is contingent on this game. Yeah. If they win game four, I say they make a comeback and they win in seven. If they don't, they're going home in five Mm. Colin is Aren Donald. Really? MVP for the Rams. Y'all forgetting St. Louis Days greatest show on turf.


Okay, you won. So basically, okay, let's go back. You got Jim Hart, the Rams, you got the Fearsome foursome, you got Merlin Olson who was a 14 time Pro bowler. You got Deacon, you got Rosiere and you got Lamar Lundy. If you go all the way back to St. Louis, you got Jill Clark at St. Louis. You got Dan Dedo at St. Louis, you got Otis Anderson at St. Louis. Those are the really the only guys I could think of in St. Louis. Now if you go to Phoenix, I'm trying to, no, I mean that's the Cardinals, my bad rams. St. Louis Rams.


Okay, let's go back to la. 'cause they started in LA then they moved and then they moved back. Sam Waterfield. Yeah. I'm, I look. Okay. You want Kurt Warner, Isaac, Bruce, Orlando, Marshall Faulk. Marshall Falk. You gotta realize it's not like Kurt spent a whole lot of time there, man. It wasn't there long, was it? It's, it's Aren Donna.


Aren Donna, the dominance. The eight first team. I think eight kind. First team all pro defensive rookie of the year. Three time defensive player of the year. Yeah, I think it's a D Yeah. And I, it's not to take anything away from all those other guys. 'cause Kurt's in the Hall of Fame. Marsha's in the Hall of Fame. Isaac Bruce is in the Hall of Fame. Orlando Pace is in the Hall of Fame. Tory Holts eventually going to get in the Hall of Fame, but it's, it's it's ad way too smooth. Brad Fab or Aren Rogers, he saved the Packers franchise went two Super Bowl was the only player to win three MVPs in a row.


He did. But Aren has four MVPs. Aren was a Super Bowl. MVP and Aren Rogers has more touchdowns with fewer interceptions. I, I don't know, bro. I mean, does, does Aren have more pack touchdown for the package than Aren? I mean, than Brett? Because I'm looking No, I'm, I'm thinking one more. MVPA Super Bowl. MVPI think he's been to more pro Bowls.


I think they've been to the same. I think they've been the same. Same as as far as all pros. I think Aren might have four. Brett has three for the Packers. You see? No, I'm saying yes. Yeah, so much. And look at the interceptions. Aren Rogers has left than a hundred interceptions for the Packers with 475 touchdowns. Brett gotta have at least 200 for the Packers. Right. How many interceptions does Brett have?


Yeah, 1 0 5 for the Packers. So he has 440, 475 touchdowns. 105 interceptions. Yeah. Brett has 286 interceptions with 442 touchdowns. Yeah. Aren Rodgers is the goat for the Packers. And just those numbers you just rambled off about what Aren Rogers was able to do in the past is one of the reasons why the goddamn Steelers is actually waiting. You waiting And Sean Taylor isn't there. I mean, he probably could have been there, but he didn't play enough years. You gotta realize DG played 20 years at Corner Corner. Yeah. How many 20 year corners do you think you'll ever go see again in your life?


Be the MVP? It's not happening. It's not Not happening. It's not.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade trade-in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 0.99 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited Ultimate or Postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% a PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms apply.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Big td, the one on ocho. If you guys on the same team in your prime, who is the number one option? Look, I don't care about the number. I'm gonna get mine, I'm gonna get mine, I'm gonna get mine. I'm not for sure that I was always the number one option, but I just know I led my team in receiving for six straight years. Dude, me too. You led, you led bingo six straight years. Yeah. Shoot. I led the a FC four years in a row.


Yeah. See I ain't do that. Yeah, I Led, I led the, I led my team seven of the 14 years finished one catch. I almost had eight cadre caught one more pass than I did. I started to go back in there and catch another pass to time. Jamar Chase, not really a hundred percent on playing flag football in, in the 2028 Olympics. I don't know. I want hear more information about it. I want to know, know the timing for us off season, end of season. I wanna know if we're getting paid. I wanna know where we're traveling every week, every other day, every day. Like all parts of it. Because we have an off season. We have a life. How long would it be?


I don't know. There's a lot of questions to it. I think it's pretty cool, but I'm not really a hundred percent on it yet. Yeah. I mean I I like it. I like it. And I, I I like also after heard one of the reporters ask him how he felt about those that love and play, the, the game of flag football professionally and, and making sure they're incorporated in some way. He said, obviously says he needs to do his homework on it. But listen, Doucette who obviously the quarterback who's very, very good and and he did, he plays flag flag at at the highest level. You know, he, he spoke out and said hey, he felt it wasn't fair that the game they love is being taken over by NFL players. Yeah, for sure. Anyone is going to represent our country in a flag football format.


It should be them. So Doucette, I'm sure you're gonna see this and I hope y'all get, get the, the do justice that you guys deserve for the game that you guys love to play and it's not taken over by those that play NFL football. They, they can, they can come help contribute and get a better understanding of the game. But actually them just going from NFL football with a certain set of rules and thinking they're going to learn and dominate the game of flag football and just asinine to think Yeah, flag tough man. Hey look, I know, I know we all athletes and y'all played the game of football. Yeah. I I ain't played no other sport outside of basketball, but just this what about a year ago?


I I, we got a flag football team out here, Hammond Park o Yeah. And guess what? It's coed. Man. We getting our ass steam. You me, I'm talking about listen, I'm talking about the girls can throw catch. I'm talking about they got all type of little nuances in the game that if you ain't never played it see out there, you lost, you feel me? Yeah. Yeah. They, hey they, they game different now. I thought for some NFL guys I'm like, oh man, they probably be all right. But y'all saying ain't no way. Yeah, it's hard. It's Tough. Hey Joe, it's too many, it's too, it's too many tricks. It's too many nuances.


It's too, you right hiding going on the knee and Oh, they, they can manipulate the game in ways that NFL players aren't used to. I don't care how fast and quick you are having those attributes, You know, to apply to your game. Now that's all nice and dandy in the NFL, but flag man sh Shit. And, and like, like he said, okay, how much time are they gonna have to devote because it's not like, it's like, like Ocho You know, like basketball, but basketball, You know when the, when the pros came, You know, came back in nine two when they went to Barcelona. Bad practice. So what are you gonna do? You just gonna have these guys out there. Hey, okay, you wanna play? Okay, okay. Lamar, you can be the quarterback. Hey Jetta, Tyree You'all wanna play.


No, they're gonna have to, they're gonna have to go practice and like he said, that's their off season and just like they guys, the basketball show, they gotta give up a large part of the off season, Joe, because soon the, what you call 'em over with and then you got, You know like in basketball they got the worlds and they got all the USAs and they got all this other stuff. But it's, it's gonna be different. It ain't just okay you, hey y'all just show up. Right. So I un to push for Chase is talking about Yeah, yeah. Chemistry and continuity. Man, you can't cheat that. Nope. Oh you can't cheat you, you Think you can have the most talented guys and just go out there and beat up on folks but man, listen, if y'all ain't on the same page it's around.


Especially when you don't know the, know the rules and you, you haven't been doing it for a very long time. Yeah, I agree. Bears are reportedly looking for Caleb Williams to improve his body language and other fine finer nuances per Albert Breer. While the coaches understood the beating they, that he took, they showed film to emphasize how he'd been slow to pull himself off the ground. Williams reportedly is eagerly to make these changes. I agree. Body language is everything Ocho You know how, You know how it is. Yeah, Yeah. I yeah it but listen, we talk about Chicago, we talk about the Chicago Bears. We talking about the same team that had Jay Cutler who showed no emotion the whole time. I, but I, I totally understand.


I totally understand them. But keep, keep your quarterback upright. Keep your quarterback upright the best way you can. He wouldn't have to be slow to get up off the ground. 'cause he tired of getting up. He tired of getting him up from there. He's tired. I understand him. That's why he getting up slow. The fact the faster you get up, the quicker you gonna be back, back down there. Well I Think you just like, You know like the quarterbacks normally they, they normally spring up because now you make it seem like it's the offensive line. You know, you don't wanna show anybody up. Okay. So just, You know, just just pop on back up like hey yeah we know. Hey we know you take Yeah we know you get and and like you said, the coaches understood the beating that he took.


Yeah. But hey, I ain't finna show the defense. Y'all ain't finna know somebody might get a clean shot on me Ocho but you ain't gonna know it. Yeah, if I can get up, I'm gonna get my ass up. Yeah, I done had some stuff broken and I laid right there. Y'all come on and get me. Well I, I broke my collarbone fracture, my eye socket, Joe. I laid right there. But other than that I done took some, some tuck, some mean shots don't remember a whole lot. Yeah. But yeah, that, that opener bone. Yeah, it had laid out. I was laid out for a minute to that, that hurt. It made it feel like the whole side of my face exploded. Man, listen, when I did mine, they took me to the back man.


I thought somebody was hitting in the back of my head with a hammer. Everything ain't gonna hurt until baby. It just was a late Headache. What? What? Ah, I'm talking about it wouldn't go away Ocho damn. Yeah. Hey, I'm talking about ringing, ringing. That thing hurt. It definitely hurt. The falcons posted this picture today before promptly, promptly deleting it. We're out here 3 28. What's wrong with it? Why they delete it? Huh? Yeah, what we missing? 2083 Patriots, Falcons. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay.


Ah, oh, so they got, there's somebody, the jokes, the jokes went flying, huh? Yep. Okay. I understandable. But that, that's the past. That's the past. You have to leave. Leave it for that Man. Look here. Atlanta ain't gonna never forget that Joe. You better tell it man. Listen Ocho hey it so happy I was playing for the Brooklyn Nets at the time, but I was here in Atlanta, we was finna play the Hawks couple days. So You know, I had a little shindi at the crib. My partner came over here, he had his wife and his son Dicked out in Atlanta gear. I'm talking about, boy, they going crazy at half time you hear me throwing a whole running of the bulls in my kitchen going crazy. You hear me? Ocho boy, when they leaves started trickling down, you should have seen that man.


Hey, he lost it. He lost, he couldn't believe it was already the streets. Man. My homeboy baby fit me pitch they party in the street with Super Bowl coming to Atlanta. What'd I tell you? Hey, I'm not, not even trying to be funny. When the 28 3 on, I honestly thought the game was over. I had jumped on the video game. I started playing FIFA because I'm, I'm, I'm just thinking about it and You know, as playing the game as long as I played it, especially two teams that are as good as they are to get to the Super Bowl to be down 28 3, there's really no way you can come back from that. Run the ball. They, they make every mistake that would not run the football. How you, how you up 28 3 and you have fewer rushes in the second half than the team that's down 28 3.


Matt Ryan, no damn well he can't take a sack 'cause the in field goal range and he took a sack and the, the play that changed it is when Kevin Campbell got hurt, they brought the backup back in. I forget his, I forget his name. And he whiffed and Hightower, they had the guy open for a touchdown and Matt Ryan was Finn to throw it and in the process Hightower hit him. He fumbled Charles, he wrote That that fourth, that fourth down catch from Edelman two. That ain't nothing. Oh yeah. That ain't Nothing. Well it was almost picked off. Yeah, that was number of the football guards right there. Well think about it late the ball game. Oh Joe, the fourth quarter, I think it was like inside of two minutes.


Julio made that great toe touch. Yeah. You and Field go. Yes. Flying. Oh that was beautiful. You and Field go rage now just run the football. Yeah. Why would you, why would you? And, and, and Matt Ryan had been playing long enough. He knows he can't take a sack in that situation. Don't, Joe. He can't. You just can't. Hey look, they built that beautiful, that beautiful stadium right after that thinking they was gonna get right back to that and Gotta get back. Boy, It's listen man, think about it. You take, hold on. They went, they played us in 98, so it was almost 20 years before they went back again. Alright boy, hey, I think people, people have been spoiled by the Patriots consistently going back over and over and over In Kansas City.


In Kansas City now recently. It's hard man. And it, it's a testament to how great 12 and 15 are. Mm. Yep. There's a reason they make, man, I you, you get the point. I don't need to, I don't need to get into that. Someone built the worst franchise, the worst NFL franchises building the worst NFL franchises logo, Washington, Jersey, Browns Stadium Commanders offense, Browns Defense, Jags Coaching Cowboys City, Las Vegas fans, chargers, mascot, Raiders, ocho Hold on.


Y'all think got the weakest jersey? The Brown? Yeah. Yeah, the weakest jersey. Hold on boy. You seen the Browns all white? That ain't what they known for. They known for them duty browns. Oh, about. Okay. Okay, okay, okay. All that all white. They're all white Penn State now all white Browns uniform. When you think of the Browns, you thinking that jury thing that's in that picture? Okay. Yeah, you right. And look at the helmet ain't got no decal. Yeah, you Right. Stadium. Now I hadn't played in that stadium in oh my goodness. Almost 20, oh almost 30 years.


So I don't know what it it was, it was fairly new when we played in it. Right. So it seemed, but obviously they're looking to build a new stadium now, so clearly it's outdated. The Browns offense. Okay. Yeah. Jacksonville's defense coaching Cowboys. What's wrong with Vegas? I, I don't know. I didn't understand that one. Fans charger ain't got no fans. They should what they, what the charger should have done. OCHO was renovated that stadium. I don't, first of all, you don't have the fan base that's gonna follow you. Mm, if I'm a Charger fan, I'm not driving, I'm not driving that. I'm not driving no two hours. Well, it's only like 90 minutes.


That's if everything is perfect, if the, if the interstate opens up it's 90 minutes. Right. But it's probably about four, three and a half, four hours Charger ain't got no fan base like that. They don't, I'm I'm being, I'm being honest, they should have just re re the money that they put to go into SoFi. Right. So they could be second class to the Rams. They should have just put that money into that stadium and built that right there. And the mascot. Well the Raiders, the Raiders used to have, I don't know if that's The raid mascot. It used to be the, the black guy, the pirate guy with the shoulder pads. Oh, hold On.


I also do the Chargers. And the Rams had the same own. No, they played in the same building. SoFi Stadium. Stan Croy. Okay. Owned the the Rams and what's the guy named that on the charger? Ash, him and his sister Spanos. Dean Spanos and his sister, they own it. But Ccro, he owns, he owns the Avalanche. He owns the Nuggets and he owns a Arsenal. He own, I think he owns, he owns a soccer team too. I think it's Arsenal.


Hey, hey Funy. Smooth as hell man. When you meet him, man, like he play fly. He fly He a smooth dude. Yeah, yeah. Rapid. Oh yeah, he on the soccer team. The Yeah. Colorado Rapids. Yeah, The volume. Okay.


Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade-in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 9 9 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited Ultimate or Postpaid Unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months plus $800. Trade in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% a PR trade in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in, in additional terms, apply.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche. We embrace as core. There are so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen To Good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or ever you get your podcasts. This is an iHeart podcast.