
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources, they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume.


This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdown is key to hosing Vince Lombardi Trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at Draftking Sportsbook the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to Draftking sportsbook app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five books only on Draftking. Sportsbook the crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Most Mobile is now legit nationwide, 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now the Jet Nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Saquon Barkley got a new chain for his birthday after winning super after winning the Super Bowl, the 26 pendant, that's over 200 calories. Okay, I like that. That that's, that's, that's Benny the jeweler. Benny the jeweler. Benny Jeweler Nice now. Yeah, I think he had, I see, I see a lot of celebs. I went on this page today. Yeah, I checked them out. I think Cardi B has purchased some pieces from him. I think Usher got his U piece from him. Yeah. Hey, hey. Hey Benny, the jeweler. If you see this, I need a Pinker ring. I need a Pinker ring for April, baby. I'll let you. Boy, I I need a good deal. I, I need something nice, something real nice and got something nice got, can you hear me?


Oh no. Thinning man. Thinning. I know that thing that that's about 203 3 2, 3 4. Oh yeah. Wow. No, no, no, no, no. Not, not that much. Not that much. Not that much. I mean, that, that's about maybe, maybe about 91 20, maybe about 90,000. 120. You know. I ain't Got it. I ain't got It. Got it. I ain't got it. Oh, You oh, oh you go, you got, oh you got it? Yeah. Got it. Yeah. Hey, hey Chad. Hey Chad. Y'all send Benny the Benny the jeweler. Tell him I need a pinky ring man. I need a pinky ring for the tour, you know, just to holler at you. You Know, I tell you what, you get that bit of the jewel piece. I'm gonna give one of the more Tom Brady watches. I'm just getting a picky ring. That's all.


What time? No, that's 800,000. You don't need that. Oh. Oh. You don't even wear diamonds. What did you talk about? How do you a stop? Y'all with a stop. Y'all feel that is okay? Okay, I see you. I see you. Hey Mr. Y'all sitting right there. Look At that. Hey, you can't, you can't have money, boy. What on you said right there? That's that, that's that, that Tiffany, that new thing that just came out for Tiffany That Wait what? I can't it look, it looks just look plain though. What Is it they play got? Oh, he called Jordan then I see him. I see him. Bag Ass. Guess. Oh, oh, it's different on East Side.


Yeah. Okay, okay, okay, okay. You little Something I picked up for myself. Little cri. I like a little Cribble gift. Little crile give every now and then. No joke Ain't Ling boy. We It what? I got it for Crim. Okay, okay. Okay. I got it. A crim. That's it. That's it. I'm outta gas man. Hey, hey speaker, speaker. Speaking of holiday. Listen. Valentine coming up. Boy. You got your Valentine. Ooh, I know you guys are Ocho. Oh real. I saw real humble man. O said Ocho one time picked me up for a helicopter at a helicopter. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I don't play, I don't play when it come to holidays. Like if, if like if we I'm play I Late, I, I don't play run times I helicopters, you know, sharpens sprees. You know we do Chanel store now.


See, this is the problem. Huh? We ain't together right now. So You still gotta do it though, huh? You got, Hey Ocho, you still gotta do that die though. You gotta do that. I do that. You, So you, yeah, yeah, for sure. Hold on. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Time out Chad. Y'all Chad, y'all with me? Yeah. Because you say she still help you with your stuff. Oh yeah. Now, now listen, listen. Now this, I I have a question now, Chad, y'all listen to me. I have a, I have businesses, you know, stuff that's going on away from Nightcap, away from football. She keeps everything in order for me because I, I, you know, I got going on you, I got 50 11 jobs, so she keeps all my ducks in a row.


So I'm able to travel and things are in order. Well, you gotta break up. You gotta break off. Okay. Now how much of the breaking off do I do? As far as going out, going out and, and doing things? At least at bare minimum. Talk to me at bare minimum, 10 to 15, $1,500, 10 to 15, you know, five Don't Valenti. Yeah. Even though, Even though she left me now understand her taking care of my business and making sure everything's straight, despite us not being together. Don't you think? Yeah. Chad, what y'all think That was? I I I would listen.


I remember one time not too long ago, I, I, when I'm talking about when it was rough, I'm talking about when it just happened, I tweet it out. I needed an assistant because I thought, well damn, I got all this stuff going on. If she's out the picture, I ain't gonna be able to do all that. And obviously she like, you know what? Still doing all that. We not on good terms. I'm still gonna make sure everything is okay. And she's done that today. Yeah. Yeah. Three Months. I mean, I, I look, if I pro, if I tell you I'm gonna do something, I was, I was seeing this, I was seeing this chick one time Mojo and her girlfriend was gonna get married, but it was gonna be a destination wedding. Okay. And so she's like, man, I'm not gonna, I say, look, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll pay for you to go to your girlfriend's wedding.


Right? We ended up r it up. Oh. And I told her, I hit her up. I said, Hey, I promise you I was going to take, I'll take care of your girl for you to fly to your girlfriend to a wedding. Okay, here come by, get the money. Hey, she ain't even come in the house. I met outside. He pulled up in the driveway. I gave her the money, gave her cash. She say, thank you. You are mad at your word, boom. You ain't go No, hell no. I Wasn't going anyway. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay. I was paying for her to go. Okay, okay. Because it was a destination wedding and it was, it, it, you know, it was expensive.


She, I mean, she got, she had a job, but I mean, it was, you know, by the time she got, by the time she got an airline, by the time she got a flight, I'm, I'm assu I mean a flight and, and the hotel, I'm assuming at three day minimum. So I gave, I said, go enjoy, have a great time. So you Comfortable? So you comfortable Yeah. That's, that's how I am. Right. But hey, I know everybody, Hey, if I promise you something, hey, I'm gonna do it. Right. I'm paying your, I'm paying. If I say I'm gonna pay, look, I got you. I'm paying your rent. If we break up, I'm gonna go ahead. Hey, I'm gonna go ahead and give you money for the rest of the year.


Right. We go our separate way. And you know what? And now that I, now you got me now you jogging my memory and I, I'm, I'm thinking that I have an individual that we are no longer together that is making sure all my business affairs are in order, you know, despite the chaos and the turmoil going on Between us. Now, how much do I extend my services on a day like Valentine's Day as a thank you for what you're doing for me. What is, what is what she's providing, what is that worth to you? That's a good one. And I think people in the chat might not understand that because they don't see it because they're not in that position or understanding of all I have going on outside of the jokes and the laughs.


So it's the serious part of life. So how much is that worth? How do you value that? It's only, what is it worth to you? Because, well, I can tell you what, but she's not doing that for me. If you had to pay somebody to do that, It wouldn't be, it wouldn't be as much as what you told me to fuck off. I don't think What you think. I'm not sure. First of all, do you want, do you trust somebody to handle your business like that? To know your ins and outs? Exactly. So it's worth that. It's worth that to me, for me to try to replace Shelly. Boy, I trust somebody implicitly can put a price on it. Right.


Okay. Okay. Could Put a price on It. Okay. So I gotta be careful. So now this is the next thing, Chad, any ideas? I got three days. I got, I got three days. What you think? Talk to me. I, I I done did at all. I done did ya said in the helicopters. Well, I mean, MALDI, I mean, I'm, I've run out of ideas to do. Yeah. So I mean, you good, you good at this chat? Y'all have any ideas? Like you, What the problem is is that you, you, you gone, I mean you bro, you out here. Yeah. Yeah. Once, once you, once once you go to the stars and the plane is, I mean, what the hell? I mean going to the moon ain't no fun no more. Yeah. You don't been to the stars.


You done been to pto. You up in the Neptune. Yeah, I, I'm, I'm Chad. Any ideas? Maybe I can do something simple. You know, something simple. Maybe hire, hire some violinists know, maybe a, maybe a live band. Maybe Have a course of chef come in and cook a five course, a five course meal. Hold On. How about this chef and a live band? Roses, flowers. She wake up music chef already died in there cooking. But we, we need two separate houses now. Hey, send him over there. Well having to come to your place or having to go to place, man, that little place. He can't cook nothing there. He can't cook nothing with a pot of chili at your house. That little as apartment, you can man real don't want no damn beanie weenie.


Send him over in the earth place and, and do hey, cook a bro a breakfast or brunch, whatever the case may be. I like that. I like that. I like, I like the live band. I like the live band plan while breakfast is being made. Yeah, I like that. That that's different. That's different. That's different. That's different. Okay guys, we gotta pay some bills. We're gonna take a short break and we'll be right back after this break


of all the non-negotiables on a first date, you know what the biggest one is? Deodorant. Mondo has whole body deodorant that's safety used anywhere on your body pits, ball, fivefolds, belly button, butt cracks and feet. Created by a doctor who saw firsthand how normal body odor was being misdiagnosed and mistreated. Clinically proven to block odor all day and control odor for up to 72 hours. Want to try America's number one whole body deodorant formula right now? You can find them at Walmart, target and other retailers across the country. For best deals, go to shop mondo.com. Mondo's starter pack is perfect for new customers. It comes with solid stick deodorant, cream two deodorant, two free products of your choice, like mini body watch and deodorant wiped and free shipping as a special offer for Nightcap listeners, new customers get $5 off a starter pack with an exclusive code that equates to over 40% off your starter pack. Use code Nightcap at shop mondo.com. That's shop mondo.com. Please support our show and tell 'em your favorite UNC sent you. Smell fresh, your stay dry, boost your confidence from head to toe with Mondo.


Let's be real. 2025 has been all about change. Whether it's work, personal stuff, or just the daily grind, it can be hard to keep up. But here's the deal. When things get hectic, we don't have to go through it alone. Embrace the power of nature and elevate your everyday with via trusted by over a half a million happy customer. The Via is the Swiss Army Knife of Wellness dedicated to harnessing the natural benefits of hemp to create a high quality wellness product. Whether you're looking to improve your sleep focus recovery, add a little pep to your step or just get high VIA has something for you with products ranging from zero to a hundred milligrams of THC via give you the power to blaze your own trail. And the best part, via Legally Ships to nearly all states in the US in discrete packaging directly to your door with worry-free guarantee. No medical card required. If you're 21 years of age or older, check out the link to V'S website link in our description and use code Nightcap for 15% off. And if you're a new Via customer, get a free gift of your choice. After you purchased, they ask you where did you hear about 'em. Please support the show and tell 'em your favorite UNC sent you enhanced your everyday with Via.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why is it their sleek ad-free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. Holmes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com We've done your homework.


Everything is more expensive now whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt and a Chime credit. Build a card. This is a secure credit card. With no annual fees, you can build credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus, you'll have access to my pay. And get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday purchases and regular on-time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better credit Home loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime Credit Builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Build your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Bang Corp. Bank A or Stride Bank. A SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out of network at m withdrawals and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart now? Because I, I don't like the Color Edition. It's extremely pink. Listen to Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ocho de Samuel was asked by Bleacher Report about the team that could surprise some people and be special in 2025. Can I say Denver? Bo Knicks is playing really, really good ball right now. Their defense is outrageous. You got PS two out there who's, I would say the best at his position right now. Probably been the best for the past two years. I think you need a couple more pieces. It'll be right where you need to be. They just have to get past Patrick Mahomes every year. Apparently the Steelers are in contention to acquire Debo. Where do you think the best fit for Debo Samuels? I like, I think the best fit for Debo Samuel is the West coast offense, A offense.


And the coordinator that's very creative and understanding how to use him in a, in a multitude of ways. Because I see him at the Swiss Army knife. I like him on an offense like Green Bayit. I like him at the offense with like Andy Reed. You know, with the creativity they have, obviously he's already leaving Shanahan offense like Shanahan maybe McVay McVay can move around and use, use him in certain ways and use him to his strengths as opposed to just sticking him in the system and saying, this is our scheme, this is what we do. You know, learn it. You know. And I don't, I don't, Devo is a great receiver. He's a great receiver. I don't, I don't, he, he's a football player. He's more of a good football player as opposed to a great receiver. I don't even know if that makes sense. I think Chad, you and this, this is nothing disrespectful, you know, in his own right, there are things that he does extremely well.


I think he better be suited for offense like McVay, obviously he's going from Shanahan Green Bay, you know, west Coast style, Andy Reed's creativity. You know, knowing how to use him to his strength as opposed to just lining them up saying, all right, I need you to get open. This is the scheme, these are the Xs and Os. I need you to get open off the muscle. Yeah, I agree with Joe Cho. I would look at Deebo. I say he's good at a lot of things. I don't know if he's great at any one thing, right? He can run back kickoffs. You can hand him the football, you can throw the football on drill break screens. He's good as he's a good slot receiver. But like I said, great. I think when I think of great receiver, I'm thinking Chase, I'm thinking, I'm thinking J Jetta.


Yeah. I'm thinking guys like, you know what I'm saying? I'm thinking guys like that. He ain't, I, But when I look at returners, I don't like, okay, he's a good, but he's not great. But, so like I said, I think he's really good at a lot of good things. At a lot of things. Don't know if he's great at one particular thing. Like you said, he's a good football player that you can line him up, can plug him in, and he can do a lot of things and everything. Yes. And so I'm anxious to see where he ends up. But like you said, he needs to go somewhere that's someone that has an imagination and has some creativity and that can use him, use his skillset. That's very unique. Right. And, and, and So you can maximize what you're getting with Deebo.


You understand, like I said, hand him the football. He can, he can, I mean, you can literally hand him the football. There are not very many receivers that you can hand him to football play running back in the backfield. Yeah. You can toss it to him. The only, The only person I can think about who's been able to do it over the years and have success with it, maybe not to the extent of of Deebo Samuels is Cordell Patterson. Yep. Yep, yep, yep. Well, Cordell Patterson. Yep. So if, if they're, I, I'm really hoping because this, this is situations where it gets very sticky, especially in the NFL when you go places where, listen, the sun is shining very bright when it comes to Shanahan and the creativity that he has from an offensive perspective, especially with the way they use you in San Francisco and to go somewhere else outside of that.


And they don't usually the same way, you know, there's no creativity. There's a scheme. There's, there's there, there's there there plays their xs and no. And they, you just, they stick you in a situation where you just have to run what they do. Nah, I don't think that gonna be real for him. Oh, Joe, a man find surprise while cleaning out his girlfriend's car. Ocho check a look at the photo. Oh, Okay, okay, okay. Is that a potato chip? What is that? A potato chip? I like that. That don't look like no la That's a little too gold. That's a little too shiny for me. Hold, hold on. And that's a condom Actually. Oh, that's a Magnum.


Oh. Oh hell. Oh no. Oh no. A don't you don't Throw up Unc. You good? Oh man. So that look like a a, that look like the corner of a Magnum. It it do, but hold on with the corner of the Magnum. That's too small to be ripped off. You can't, you can't open it like that. Now he, hey go. Took my teeth to hit that thing. You took the teeth. Hit it. Oh man. Hey, I didn't tell what It did. Hey boy, that got to hurt. Yeah, that got to hurt. Can you imagine? You clean out your car? You find a, a a a con of wrapper? No, he cleaned out her car.


Oh. Oh, that oh, Oh. That got to hurt. That gotta hurt. Hey TemPay. Oh, it happened to the best of us. Huh? You hear me? Everybody hurt. It happened To sometimes Lord have mercy. Hey, Sometimes the rabbit got the gun. Sometimes you got the gun through life experiences. You understand It can be you. Yeah. Good, good. Hey, hey. Alright. So hey.


She say you, Hey, you got, you got that on you? Yeah, I do. I do. I was hoping, I was hoping you say so. Hey, Listen, hey, it's, it's, it's one thing man. It, it is tough man. It's tough man. It's tough. Things like that happen. I think for, for for men. We have to understand, despite our love for the female species, even when we are together, at times human nature is undefeated. It has, it has showed us time and time again that at times, despite the love that they may have for you, there's always one, there's, there's always, there's, there's always one that can, that can, we've seen it time and time again.


Hey, listen bro, Ocho look on the bright side, sir. Homeboy, hey ain't, hey, he, hey, he ain't wrong. He ain't get wrong. Oh, He didn't go in that wrong. I, hey, I'm just saying situation like that, you gotta look on a positive side. Right? That's, you can't look, you look at it. Negative's, Optimistic. You be optimistic. Yeah. Okay, okay. Okay. You Gotta look at a positive side on Joe, because I mean, that's the only way you will keep the sanity. Time out, time out, huh? So if that was your girl, Whoa, you talking On me? Huh? If you found, if you clean out her car and you vacuum car, you found a car rapper like that, that's what you gonna say.


Well, at least, at least you go in the raw. That's what you gonna say. Are you gonna give another chance? You gonna give another chance? Are you, are You are, are you gonna give another Whoa, whoa. I'm just he ain't look positive. No, no, no. Oh, Hold. Alright. So you outta there. If that's you, I put yourself in his shoes. Do you see that? What you gonna say? You gonna call her? I mean, baby. Well listen, I know you made a mistake. Can we talk about it? I mean, are you gonna give her another chance? You know, she gonna hit you with that? You know, listen, we all made mistakes. I wasn't drunk. Whoa. That ain't no mistake.


A mistake is a mistake is leaving you leaving your iPad in the back of a, a, the, the, the seat on the plane. Okay? Okay. Or leave or leaving your briefcase in the rental car. Okay? That's a mistake, right? How somebody, how do you mistake and let somebody mistake put meat in you? Ooh, That's a good one. So are you saying a So are you saying in this situation, in this case, does that mean you out? There's nothing you can do depending on how much you love her. This is a great conversation. I'm just curious. I'm trying to see where your mind at this. Now listen, now one thing I want you to remember now I want you to, I want you to remember back in your heyday, you hear me? Stay safe.


Oh yeah. Boy, back in the day. Oh yeah. Back in the Day. See, see, now you gotta think, Hey, Hey, back in the day I had a, I had a civil philosophy bank. I heard them old men say, he say, boy, you are off of po rat. If you ain't got one older climb up here, you don't understand. I, I didn't understand what they meant right until I got older. But I was probably like eight or nine. And them grown men, the older men was talking. I was like, but it made sense. I said, okay, cat coming. You got two holes. It wasn't until I got much older and realized they were talking about women. Yeah. Talking about one you ain't you off for pro red if you ain't got the one hole to climb up in. They, I was like, oh, Damn, Y'all were talking nasty.


Y'all were talking. But see, the old man couldn't be talking like, like we talk around the boys. Yes sir. But obviously when we around little kids, we keep it pg saying some of the same thing, but keeping it pg. Right. What would I do? Yeah. O2. I think I'm, I'm gonna have to dip. You gone. Yeah. Damn. Yeah. Yeah. That's tough. That's tough. I mean, obviously the more time you got in, the harder it is to meet. Harder To let go. Yeah. Now, yeah. I mean you in y'all dating, y'all dating, you know, a week. But I don't know Joe. It is tough.


I just, sometimes you just gotta chalk it up. Yeah. He Saying sometimes you just got, you just gotta chalk it up. Hey. Because think about it. Yeah. You and I both been professional, been professional athletes. Hey boy, You win some, you lose, Some lose coming. It is a dirty game. You hear me? The the game is the game. Which is why, which is why when we talk sometimes and we have certain discussions, and I tell you one thing that I'm very good at is I'm able to compartmentalize and understand about managing my expectations for individual. Yeah. Put that back up there. Put that back up there. Put that, put that back. Put that back up there. Yeah. Like, like, like I was Yeah, that's that look that corner.


Put that look like that doesn't look at the corner. That that corner of wrap. Hey. Oh, Joe wanted me to find that corner and a, and a roll pack. No, not the pack, The steering wheel off it bad. Hey, that's funny. Come on. That's funny. How could you Hey that, that's funny. That's funny. Hey, that, that, that's that pain. You go out there and frost on and all he see is a bump print in the window And you making it, you making it worse.


Oh my goodness. Hey, just a, just, just, just a thought Sometimes just a thought sometimes can make you throw up and make you sick. Yeah. Hey. Oh Joe, hey. The mad man. He don't put that, Hey, hey, put that too. Stick in him. Yeah. Hey listen, it happens to the best of them. And then depending on the lifestyle you live, you understand it can be you. Yeah. Yeah. At some point in time, everybody, Hey, ain't ever happened to me. No. Okay. You don't know that it's happened to you happened to, but it done happen. Happened. Yeah. And it done happen more than once.


Yeah. You better learn. You better learn. You better learn. I say it all the time. Listen, you, you, you have to find a way to compartmentalize, manage your expectations. Understand it's not your property. I don't care about no goddamn title. I don't care about how much she say she love you, man. I don't care about none of that. I just, I done seen it. A lifetime of experience. Yeah. Wise man said What happened? No, I said, I said a lifetime of experience as a wise man once said, oh yeah, for sure. But never leave you astray. Ocho. Now it's time for our last segment of the evening. It is time for q and a.


Hey, this was fun. I like asking. I like that little late night. Like late night was cool. Oh, Hustle Hus. Hus hu I guess that's, I guess it's hu one of the chances LeBron joining Mavs and free agency. He's always talking about playing with Kyrie again. And he clearly likes ad also, j kid coached him in LA as an assistant. That man loves la. He left, he went to la I mean he called, they called magic. Hey, magic. Magic went over to his house. It was very little recruiting. It didn't have to sell. LeBron wanted to be in la but because of what he wants to do after basketball, I Don't see him leaving Anything's possible.


I'm not gonna say anything. 'cause anything is possible but me, I don't see him leaving, Right? Nah, I don't. Absolutely not. I I don't, I don't see, I don't see it. I don't see it. And He got Luca. Yeah. Luca can prolong, Luca can prolong his career. Another two, three years. LeBron legitimately could get 25 years. Yeah. 25 years. Especially. Especially with a player like Luca. Yes. Where LeBron, they hit LeBron doesn't have to do the heavy lifting. He doesn't have to have the ball in his hands all the time. Luca obviously can bring the ball up the court. I I think obviously right? If LeBron is the facilitator, if he's a facilitator, you don't have to do much. No.


Yeah. I like it. Judging justice, stop defending Nico. The narrative that there are death threats and put out by ma or victim blaming mainstream sports media. No one is threatening this man. They want him fired. Plain and simple. How do you know, how do you know they're not threats against this man life. Okay. They want him fired. Okay, that's fine. Okay. Maybe the organization don't wanna fire him. But how do, how do you definitively know that there are no threats against this man or his family? Right? How do you know that? Just for you to say that. Mainstream media, sports. How do you know that?


We've seen guy. So we've seen guys drop passes, but I guess, and they say they got death threat threats, but I guess they're lying too. Listen, he definitely got death threats. You want him fired because you a maverick's friend. You want him fired. But don't say that just because on mainstream me. Why would you wanna make that up? Why would I even put, why wouldn't we eat? Why would somebody even put that in the universe? Right? Put there's power in the tongue. Why would I wish that on that man? Why would somebody wish that on that man? Stop defending. Ain't nothing defending. I don't care one way or another. I I I, I didn't lose any sleep before or after the Luther Trade.


As a matter of fact, I'm looking forward to going to sleep here shortly. Smart smart. 3 1 4. How about the annoyance left as the act obnoxious? Sure, bro. I know what you're trying to say. Should I been kicked out? Had they kicked me out? It says, Shannon, you can't come back to a Lakers game. I'd have gladly turned in my season tickets because I was wrong. So if you want me to try to defend my actions while supporting somebody else's, that's not gonna happen. I said I was wrong. I'm here to tell you I was dead wrong. Did I step on the court? No. Should I, should I have engaged Dylan Brooks? No.


Dylan Brooks Young enough to be my son. Why the hell I'm arguing with him about what? It was a good nature. And then it got too far. I'm the adult in the room. I should have turned down the temperature. I turned up the temperature. So if the Lakers had said, if they had escorted me out the building and told me I had to turn my ticket, said, what was I gonna say? They wrong? Not I was wrong. I've made that abundantly clear. So bro, you can't make me feel bad. You can't. And if they say, Shannon, you can't come back. Fine. If the NBA, if the NBA if Adams silver had a call by agency and said, well Shannon can't go to any NBA arenas. Well Shannon gonna do his job.


Watch the games on television and still go out there and talk about it. So that's where I am on that. I was wrong. I was wrong then. And I've said that. But no, there, there's a line that he shouldn't be able to cross. So did I cross the line? Sure. But I didn't get thrown out. You mad, huh? You should try


it. Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why is it their sleek ad-free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework


these days. It feels like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own, your home Rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their starter homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. The American dream isn't dying, it's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it. And Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can own the dream. Visit rocket.com today or call 800 for Rocket. That's 804 Rocket.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There Was something sentimental when you it when when you send it, yeah. It, you're just like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Mm Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get Your podcasts.


Tyra said, what's up Uncle Ocho? Can y'all hold Travis Kelsey accountable for not speaking to the media after the game like y'all did? Mark Andrew Love your show? No, he spoke to the media after the game. He just cut it short. There's a difference. Mark Andrews did not speak after the game. He did not even speak after the exit interview. So there are two different things. Should Trav had stayed there and spoke? Sure. 'cause had they won, he would not have cut the interview short. So if you are waiting for me to defend him, but there, let's provide context. He did speak, but he cut it short. And it says a lot when you lose, when you're at your lowests, you still do things as if you are at your highest.


It's not always easy. We always wanna win Ocho. We always wanna be in a beneficial or an advantageous situation, but that's not how life works. It's really not. And So you just take the good with the bad. You speak the same because when you lose, it tells a lot about your character. Hey, I hated to lose, but I hated losing more than I love enjoying winning because losing hurts more than, than winning feels good. But I understood that was a part of my job. I understood that as, as a leader, as being a professional, that you stand before the media and you answer all their questions until they're done.


And do you exit stage left? Mm. I've always done that. I'm a firm believer in that. That does not change what you think. Ocho you got a problem with the way Trav handling it. Listen, I I I don't have a problem with it. Obviously he cut it short. He was probably, you know, understood the question that was going to come. But the fact that he did, he did sit there and answer. I'm not sure. Is there a time limit that that players have to stand there and answer some questions? The fact that he did answer some is to me it's, it is sufficient enough. 'cause it's, it's really, I mean, what, what more can you say? Right? What, what more can you say? Especially after losing, other than that it's Normally like 10, 15 minutes or Joe. Ooh, shit, That's long. Yeah.


Ooh, that's long. But Because I I I, I remember having this conversation, you know, are you going to the locker room? I mean, after you're on the field mean there's a celebration ocho, right? You gotta cool down. You, you're on the field, you're having a good time. You, hey, all your boys, like, hey, you know, I remember me burn foot, all of, you know, we taking pictures together. We go into the locker room and then they come get you. Okay? She had you meet, right? They put you on the cart, they got a podium, you on the podium, seven's at a podium, 30 is at a podium. This guy's at a podium and you, hey. And because a lot of times they might, okay, t you might have got you the podium first, right? They, they see you over there. Somebody now they come over there. They might have not heard the question that somebody have already asked.


Right? They ask you a question. So that, that's why it's a little longer than normal. Right? But like I said, I don't know how long Trav was actually there. I read what they, you know that he cut the interview short. I don't know. Did whether, did he cut it three minutes short, five minutes short eight? I don't know. But the way I understood it is that he did speak originally, but he cut the interview short Heart of heart of Sage said respect the Eagles. But the Chiefs need a new line and some receivers beside Worthy Love the show though. But come on. Yeah. Yeah. They got a handy tour and the, the, the offensive line was kind of bad.


They kinda regrouped our ocho and, and and pieced it together. But o obviously we saw what happened when they lost to Tampa, the offensive line, they lost all their starters went down. And guess what? They got it handed to 'em in the Super Bowl. Yep. They come back, they regroup, they get back to the Super Bowl with the three straight one, two, I'm sure Andy Reed, Brett Beach, who's the general manager, right? They'll get together, they'll figure this thing out. This is not the end of the Chiefs. So if you thinking that's the case, sadly, sadly. Mistaken. Mistaken. Yeah. I listen, I I said that as soon as the game, soon as the game ended, you know, obviously congratulations to the Chiefs game will play.


But knowing Andy Reed, knowing Patrick Mahome, understanding what they need to do, what they need to fix, the fact that you are able to make it this far with the issues you had with the officer line, what you think gonna happen once you fix it. Yeah, they be back. Gonna be right back. Big T, Big td, the one Uncle Ocho been watching since day one. Thanks for what you guys, what you guys are doing. You guys have inspired me to jump into the podcast world. Hey. Oh, loosen up on my cowboys, man. Damn. No, they loosened up. They need to tighten up. That's the problem. They loosened up. They need to tighten up Samuel Griffith. Hey UNC and Ocho. Do you think Saquon made the right decision set out weak 18 and not go for the all time single season Russian record?


It doesn't matter what Ocho and I think it matters what he think. Now OCHO can speak for himself. I would've, I believe ocho, excuse me, the results would've been the same. Yeah, I Do. That's just me. But I ain't, the Results would've been the same. But listen, you, you would've sat out, boom. If it was me, I'm playing. Well I would don't, I would've wanted to play but the coach. But they would've probably did what they did to be deactivated. Nah, you ain't deactivate me. I'm going to get this record. Matter of fact, I'm gonna have that record and I'm gonna have that ring. Yeah. And that bombardi Yeah. Don't, don't cut me short. Nah, I need all that.


Kim Norwood Jr. Question, is the system best fits Aaron Rogers going to be next season. I would like to see him in Cleveland. I think Ocho and I, we kind of discussed it yesterday. The teams and today. Yeah, I think Oakland, excuse me. Oakland, Las Vegas Raiders, Cleveland Browns, the New Orleans Saints, maybe the Steelers. Mm. Tennessee maybe the Giants. I think no thank, I think Green Bay is outta the question. And it seems like the Jets are outta the question now. What, what other They seem like. Yeah. What other team? What other teams need a quarterback? We know the Raiders need one.


The same are gonna potentially need one because Derek David, Derek Carr, his cap number is gonna be almost $52 million I think, if I'm not mistaken. I think I read that almost 52 million. That's a big high cap number. And it doesn't seem like he's interesting in taking a pay cut. Right. The Browns clearly Deshaun. Deshaun is not playing next year with that Achilles. He tore it and then he re tore it. Mm. The Steelers, what are they gonna do? Is it gonna be Russ, is it gonna be Justin Fields? Do they move in a different direction? The Giants, Tennessee, there are several, several suitors out there that need quarterbacks.


Yeah. The question is, do they want a guy that's gonna be 41 years of age, slick Rick Ocho don't know anything on Val, don't do anything on Valentine's Day. Wait till the day after or do something for her the whole rest of the week. So she knows she's special you not just on Valentine's Day. Okay. Okay. Okay. Listen, I like the way you're thinking that boss. I like the way you're thinking. I was looking for some ideas. So that's, that's a good one. That's a very good one. But you have to understand, you talking about waiting until the week, I really can't wait until the week. 'cause on that specific day, that specific in that individual is, is expecting something. And obviously based on what she's doing for me, despite, you know, us being, eh, it is, it's, it's, it's warranted just to be honest.


You know? And, and I ain't gonna lie to you, you know, I know I play around a lot. You know, this individual keeps my ducks in a row. She dotting my I and she crossing my t's from a business standpoint. I ain't talking about nothing else. I ain't talking about no laying down horizontally or vertically. Man. I ain't even talking about that. I'm talking about from a business perspective. So I have to, I have to do right. You know. Oh, you absolutely do. Yeah. So I ain't gonna go too crazy now. I ain't Must love cash. Shena was finding in Frogger and Nola. Will you be my Valentine robax on me? Okay. I ain't used my coupon yet. Okay. Where you see me at?


Hey, hold on. Speaking of, hey, speaking of speaking of Valentine's, right? I had a message, I had a message from somebody. You Yeah, a very good friend of mine. Very good. Very, very good friend of mine. A friend of mine. Mom said you need to to date an older woman now. She be beautiful, beautiful woman. Huh? Stay, stay with me now she's 40, 49. Right, right up your alley. You know, master's degree, doctor degree, well educated. She can cook. She can cook You a doctor. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I, I don't know, don't don't get me this nerve. I'm just, I'm just relaying the message. I'm relaying the message. So, and I told her, I told her I already gave you a number so she gonna text you Bad.


You already, You already a book band. They told me, Hey ba got a lot of rules. I don't know if I said what Damn, Listen. And she said she don't have no problem with the rules. She said she don't have no problem. She, she watch the show. She watch it right now. She probably watch it right now. Oh, okay. She watch the show and understand the rules and don't had no problem with it. You know that, that Well, that, that, that definitely helps. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's Right. Rodrigo Burrito. Hey guys, the live show was great. You guys should try switching up. Fellow Cinco have Unpeel and have Ocho ass or soccer or NFL trivia. No. Ocho the one that went to Harvard. Ocho, the one that said he was the spelling. Be Champ. I was, I got spelling be Champ. I Was a spelling be Champ in 1987.


I was. I didn't say that you won. That's why you spell oco. I'm dunk on unc. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I like that. I like that. I like that.


Thank you ladies and gentlemen for joining us for another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network.


Thank you. Thank you for joining us for Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite up. Janet Sharp. That guy is your favorite Number 85, the Liberty City legend. The bingo ring, the bingo ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys so much for staying up late with us and supporting us. We greatly, greatly appreciate that. Make sure you check out Shaa by La Porter. We do have it in stock. What better way to celebrate 2025 and Valentine's Day is on Friday. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of Shaa by La Porter?


If you do not, cannot find it, any city or state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please, please drink responsibly and stay safe out there. Check out my media company on all of its platforms. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything just restocked. Use code Super Bowl for an additional 10% off. We've dropped new beanies in every color and we've introduced gift cards available from 25 to $500. This takes the guesswork out and let someone special pick exactly what they want. We have a big drop coming this week. Make sure you stay tuned in Luca. Dont. First game with the Lakers was a resounding success.


The Lakers defeat the jazz. 1 32, 1 13. Ian LeBron Look good together. Can't wait for or can't wait to see more of it. Definitely gonna try to catch a game again. Thank you for joining us for Nightcap. I'm up. He's Ocho. We will see you later. The


Volume. Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad-free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info. Perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources, they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes. Dot com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework


With Amex. There's always a new experience to explore from curating the perfect vacation and chilling in the Centurion lounge. Before you get there, trying out that new trendy restaurant. Thanks to Priority Notify with Global Dining Access by Resi and getting straight to the action at the big game with card member entrances at select venues. With Amex Platinum, you can experience it all. That's the powerful backing of American Express terms. Apply access to the card member entrance, not limited to the American Express Platinum Card. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash with Amex


Oh oh.


Shop Superstar, premium Extreme, or platinum batteries at O'Reilly Auto Parts and get up to a $15 gift card after rebate. O Reward members can also get a $5 reward with their battery purchase. For power, performance and reliability, choose Superstar only at O'Reilly Auto Parts. Oh oh O'Reilly Auto Parts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're Doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.