
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato, and mayo, and a hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese, ketchup, Meer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal in fast food. Gotta be Wendy's.


Hey, all you women's soups, fans, and folks who just don't know yet that they're women's soups fans, we've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire and everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa. Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up? I'm Laura, host of the podcast Courtside with Laura Corti, a masterclass case study of the business of women's sports. I'll be chatting with leaders like Tennis Icon, Alana Klaus. I don't do what I do only for women, I do it for everyone, And I want the whole market. And innovators like Jenny Wynn, I would Say 50% of the people that come visit the sports bra aren't sports fans. They come to be in community. They come to be part of this culture. Courtside with Laura Corti is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Corti on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume,


The finals are here and the only thing for sure is it's the last time to bet on college basketball This season it's been an amazing ride to get here full of unexpected happenings. Maybe there'll be more. Get in on all the action expected and unexpected with DraftKings Sports book, with live betting exclusive content promos and parlays. DraftKings, the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple first time. Here's something special just for you. New Draft King customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Bet the unexpected with Draft King Sportsbook. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well, would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion applied. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Oh, Joe, Steve Ade, owner of the Raven Ravens said he's ready for his team to break through the ceiling and make it to the biggest game of the year. Bti said he doesn't like waiting 12 years and he think impatience is good for you when it comes to competing for titles. He also made it clear, I want to win now. Yeah, we've got a window with Lamar. I know what we can do. I know, I know that we work to put ourselves in position to win. We all get credit for that. That's all you can do. I hate it that every year you just have to start back over again. But You know what, this is not for the meek. Yeah. Hey, listen, the fact That the bills have ended the last Raven season last, what will be different this year?


Ocho. I mean, listen, it all comes down to two things. Turnovers. That's all it comes down to in those games when they've lost, even though they've been able to overcome, Lamar's been able to overcome some of the turnovers, the early turnovers in, in the game, late in the game. Obviously we know how it ended with Andrew dropping the ball and having an opportunity to tie the game, not knowing what would happen going into the second half or overtime at, at, at, at, at that point. But still listening about him saying Bachari in, in general, saying he's impatient. He wants to win. Now as long as you have number eight at the him, as long as you haven't made at him, you're gonna always have a chance. Every time. There are a few quarterbacks in the league, there are 32 teams.


There may be five or six quarterbacks that that got are going to be in contention every single year. You can have a goddamn blindfold on. I guarantee that you'll be in the playoffs. The Baltimore Ravens is one of them. As long as number eight is upright, alive and well, you got a shot every time. Now all you have to do is just finish it off in the postseason. That's it. Eliminate the turnovers. That's been your Achilles heel so far. Once you made it So they, they go, they gonna be all right. They gonna be all right. He has nothing to worry about. Just the simple fact that the a FC North is run through Cincinnati. That's the only problem. No, they no Ocho check this out.


Lamar Jackson is challenging. NASCAR legend. Dale Earnhardt Jr. From the number eight trademark Lamar says is too close to era eight. Brand name Jackson filed a similar trademark opposition to Troy Eggman in 2024. And they're still battling ocho. Yeah. Lamar versus Dale Jr. Who owns the number eight? Oh man, listen. Dale, Dale Jr. We talk about I an icon. We talking about an icon in, in, in, in the racing world. Someone that's been around for a very long time. Listen, Lamar Jackson still has a ways to go. He's an icon in his own right and what he's doing down in Baltimore. I as a quarterback in general, You know, he's continuing to cement his legacy at some point.


Once he gets that, once he gets that ring, he's gonna solidify that. Still one of the all time greats right now. But, but that eight, that Earnhardt a unc Dale, it is different. It's different. It's so Hard That eight represents something else. That's, that's it's, it's iconic. That last name, Malone, UNC, I mean, when it comes to a number, the only number that you that's synonymous Yeah. Is 23. Yeah, Yeah. Is 23. That's really the only number that's synonymous with Yeah. Look, I understand they retired, You know, magic was 33 in college, but Kareem had 33.


Right. And so he slid to 32 and boom, Shaq was 30. What, what was Shaq? Shaq was 32. 30 32 in in Orlando. Yeah. But he ended up going to 34. So I get it. But when you think of numbers, Yeah. It, it's gonna be hard. I mean, You know, I think Troy Eggman got a beer called, I think he has a beer called Eight or something, if I'm not mistaken. For real. I think he does though. Yeah. I think he has a beer. I think I, I, I think right. I think I don't quote me on that, don't you? But I think I was reading something that he has a beer called Eight. You know what? Hell, I got my phone here. I'll look it up.


I It's, it's E-I-G-T-H-S. He does have a beer called eight. Yep. Low carb, low calie. It, it, it, You know, it is something, it's, it's certain players on, like, when you see their number, when you see a certain number, a certain player resonates with that number regardless of what team, regardless of the color of a jersey. You know, I'm, I mean, I ain't trying to toot moan horn, but when you see, when you see 85, You know, for, for the, for the most part at 85 in general, it resonates. I think Isaac Curtis, Stop lying, man. Oh, that's You. Oh bitch. Hey, I'm just saying. I, I'm, listen, I'm with you. Right. When you see that 12, You know, it resonates with, You know, Tom Brady when you see 15 for the, for the most part, even though he's still playing, You know, you think of Patrick Mahomes.


Yeah. At that this Point, You know, Hey, in 99, You know what? 99 is the great one. Gretzky. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah, absolutely. Oh wait, listen. As great as he is, O osky is only three goes away. You know that 3, 3, 3 0 4 Goals. But Yeah. But hey, the great, well, when he get nine hard trophies Yeah. In a row, talk to me. Okay. Okay. Okay. That, that's different. That's different. Hey, speak. I think OI think Obie wear OO Jackson wear eight too. Lamar Jackson has Mar Lamar, Jackson's one of those players as he continues to play and play well throughout his career. Whether he win, whether he ring wins a ring or not, that number eight can resonate with him when he's, when he's gone and done playing.


That number eight can also resonate in remembering him as well. Yeah, Yeah. You know, there, look, we're not saying anything, but the first thing, if somebody say 99. Yeah. I'm thinking Greg, somebody said gimme a famous 99. I'm gonna thank Reky. Okay, Now you wanna say, if you a Yankee fan, you wanna say Aren Judge or you a Bugs fan? I know sap. Sap, my boy Sap. Yeah. Yeah. But come on now. Yeah, Come on now. 99. Yeah. Hold on. I thought, I thought Dale Junior was 88. How did he get, why, why, why does Dale want, I thought Dale Jr. Drove, drove the 88 car.


88 if too close. They ain't, hold on. Well, hold on. Lamar says era 88 is too close to era eight. Oh. May maybe, maybe the, maybe the spelling, maybe the way it's spelled. I mean, I, I I can't see it in front of me, You know, for, for context purposes. But I'm, I'm assuming, I mean, He says E-R-A-E-R-A eight Era. Eight. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay. Yeah. 80. I Don't know about Its kind. I don't know. It's kind of close. That's a stretch there. Yeah. It's kind of close. And usually when you, when you trademark something, you wanted to standalone and be by itself.


Yes. And that, that, that, that those two, it, it kind of coincides a little bit. And it's too similar. Yeah, Too similar. Hold on. Lemme see what I gotta look, I gotta look this up, Jojo, because this, I know his dad was the number three. Oh yeah. Legend. No, he drove, he drove 88 and he drove eight. I think the 88 car was all white.


I'm, I'm, I'm not sure who the sponsor was. I, I remember it was all white. I can't remember who the sponsors were at the time. And I, I done been to a few NASCAR races on You been a NASCAR race before? Yeah, inside, outside. Listen, that's one of the, that's one of the best dates when you first meet somebody And you wanna do something different, something that obviously the woman you're dating has never experienced. Take it to a nascar, take it to a NASCAR race and sit outside. No. That, that's, that's, Man, they don't like that. I don't know if they can take that noise. Ocho hey, Hey, hey, it's different. But put your ear plugs in. If that's the, if that's the problem. It's different. It's different. It's fun. Get you, get your hot dog, get your beer. Obviously I don't drink. I had my Coke with no ice.


Got my hot dog, You know, my little popcorn sat there. Great conversation, You know, watch your ear, watch, watch the cars going. But that's neither here nor there. But that's, that's just a great date for anybody in the chat that, that, that want an idea on what it takes somebody that they just met somebody that you already know. NASCAR race. If she can't sit there with you, she don't deserve nothing. None of the finer things in life. If she don't like nascar, Dale has trademarked eight, not 88. Okay. So he tried to, I don't, I, yeah, I don't know.


Troy has trademarked eight as spelled out. I mean, numbers are hard to trademark. Ojo. Yeah. Because they're like, well, who they belong to. Yeah. You ain't created, yeah. It's hard to trademark a number. Well, I mean, slogans like the Threepeat. Pat Riley owns that where he coined the phrase, right. He got copyright. Yeah. Lou, Lou. I was, I here, Lou will tell the story what I called him. Lemon. Lemon Pepper Lu. Yeah. He asked Pat Bell if you think it's gonna stick, pat said it's already done. Stuck. Yes it did. He went out and got Lemon Pepper. Lou Lou will, You know, all he got. Hey, I'm just happy that he liked the name.


That that's it. That was a good one. I have, Hey, I didn't think it made, I was just being funny, You know, because, You know, we, we talk about, we go get the Wing. Yeah. And I'm still, I'm still waiting on to take that trip to go get them wings. We ain't been yet. I'm trying to see what all, all the fuss about We gonna hit, we gonna hit Chain Spot Two Candy Land. Okay. Okay. Grambling State head coach Mickey Joseph said there should be buyouts when players transfer to bigger programs. Let's take a listen to what he had to say. Ocha, We understand. We understand. I think the kids understand if they're here and if they sophomores and they have a big, a big a big year and a group of five or a Power five approach 'em, and they have the finances to, to pull 'em out of there And I can't match the finances, then You know what they're gonna go.


That's, that's part of it. Coaches been doing it for years. So we shouldn't get mad as coaches when these kids make decisions to take care of their family. 'cause like I said, I'm gonna say it again. Coaches been doing it for years. But I also think they need to be a buyout. If they move up, if they move up for me and go to Group of Five and Power five, I should get kind of a conversation for that. You know? So NCA, if you listening to me, I need a buyout. I like, I like that. I like that. Especially, I can't say wrong when he Right. Listen, I'm, I, I, I love it, especially a small school like that. Listen, allow it to be beneficial for us. Allow it to be beneficial for us. Especially going to a bigger school that has more money to be able to attract the players and pull them away from me. You know, make it beneficial for me.


You know, I mean, why not? Yeah. I liked, I liked that idea. I'm not sure if it, it will go into effect or if there can be a rule change for that matter. Especially, You know, if you're that good Because some coach have that ocho if a coach have to leave, you have to buy, You know, you gotta buy him out. Either he has to buy himself out. Yes sir. Or the program that wants him to come in, gotta buy him out. Have to buy him out. Right. But there is some type, some type of compensation. Yeah. That's, You know, And, And I, And I like that. 'cause based on the scenario, obviously coming from A-H-B-C-U or coming from a smaller school, the chances of it happening are, it, it's, it's not gonna happen that often unless you are just superior. You got the superior for a PA power five coming to get you from a smaller Like that.


I'll give you an example. Had that been happening, a Walter Payton at Jackson State. Yes, sir. A Jerry Rice, a Steve McNair. Yes sir. A guy like myself, Michael Strahan. But you see how am Williams? You see how seldom, you see how seldom Yeah. It has happened. Yeah. Now we talking about a difference. We talking about a, I mean, listen, I, I, I lucky. I love, I love the idea 'cause it's not gonna happen that often, but if you buy, you get that gym, you get that diamond in the rough And you have the opportunity, why not compensate? You know, the smaller school. Yeah. You got the funds to do it. I like that idea a lot.


I'm Camila Ramon Pelotons first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur and almost most importantly AEO enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami Ayo enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Aho is where sports music and fitness collide And we cover it all. The arva sit downs with real game changers in the sports world, like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Humate, who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It All changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know, you're not Latina enough. First of all, What does that mean? My mouth Is wide open. Yeah. History makers like the family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It Was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought to you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. And I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates. Nate, we're the energy line. We'll Have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay. We'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with Jay Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. Jay Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the God damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone And my thought Was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I am Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty, the story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions From the building of the core that included Clay Thompson and Draymond Green to one of the boldest coaching decisions in the history of the sport. I just felt like the biggest thing was to earn the trust of the players and let the players know that we were here to try to help 'em take the next step. Not tear anything down. Today the Warriors Dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for What Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that like Mount Rushmore. For guys that have changed it, Come revisit this Magical Warrior's ride. This is Dub Dynasty. The Dubs Dynasty is still very much alive. Listen to Dub Dynasty starting April 8th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


O Joe. Yeah, A Philly man called out the mayor for being incompetent because he is a Dallas Cowboy fan. Let's take a listen to this. This is what happened guys, residents of Upper Derby Township. When you elect the Cowboys fan to your government, 29 years of losing with this team, what do you expect with the leadership? Ooh, he is a Cowboys fan. This guy follows the Cowboys. Damn. If you see what type of leadership they have, and that's what you put your trust in. Cowboys fan. Sickening.


Hey, you gotta be able to separate the two baby. You gotta be able to separate the two. Your your your, your political views and the way things are run with the country and government and the team you decide to support based on probably your childhood. We, You know, that's, that's normally where it comes from. Yeah, but I mean, you're not expecting to see somebody from a whole Ocho that's a rival. I'm not expect, I'm not expecting to see somebody run for mayor in Denver. Right. And they talk about their chief fan or they're a Raiders fan. Right. But listen, that's why I said him being a fan of the Dallas Cowboys and being in Philly Yeah. Being in office. He is a fan of them. Simply because of something that happened when he was young.


Yes. When he was young. That's all. I I guarantee you that it was his parents or he grew up, You know, they grew up watching the Cowboys during those times when they were, they were winning and winning Super Bowls. I guarantee that's where it comes from. It's not like he just woke up. He's from Philly and was never a Philly fan and it was a Cowboys fan. I guarantee you, you got something to do. It. It always, listen, everything starts when you are young. Unc unc Yeah. Yeah. Everything starts Gili Wallow was argued over taking bath in the hotel. Ocho would you take a bath to the hotel? Well, UNC, I ain't got no choice about to take a bath in the hotel. I'm gonna tell you. Not a bath. I take a shower now. They sneaking. I said a bath. I didn't say no shower. Oh Nah. I ain't taking no bath. No hell no. Matter of fact, UNC, I ain't been in no hotel in a very long time now.


I just left San Diego. I just left San Diego yesterday. Just got back to Miami this morning. I ain't seen the shower in a very long time. I mean, I ain't seen a bathtub in a hotel. The hotels I stay in, in a very long time. So I'm, I'm glad now that you pulled that question. I, I need to get in and out. I need to get in and out. I don't have time to take no bath lighting candles and then bubble bath. I ain't got time for all that, huh? No, I, I ain't, I don't even take no, I ain't taking no baths in my own home, let alone the hotel. Yeah. No, no, no, No. Hell no. Sit in my, sit in my big ass in a tub. It ain't Oh no, no. I Don't, I don't, I don't like it. I don't like it. Yeah, I don't like it. Ocho I ain't got the patience for that anyway. Go ahead. Ocho. Yes Sir.


Rubi Rose said you need to make $5 million a year to date her For, for, for content purposes. 'cause that, that's, that's what this is for content purposes. I mean that, that's, that's everyone can, can, can, can, can, can have their dreams and aspirations.


Everyone can have their, what's, what's the word I'm looking for, their prerequisites on what's required to date them. So I'm, I'm not Finn I'm finna not, I'm not knocking her prerequisites now. It's a little steep based on the individuals that have 5 million that make 5 million or more a year. That that pool of one percentage you have to choose from. You know, I mean that, that's cool. That's cool. As long as you understand what comes with that. That's pretty Well At least, at least you, she already told you what she about. Yeah. So she's under no pretenses. Yeah. And look, it, it is just as easy today. The rich man. It is a poor one. Yeah. And if you give her a choice, Hey, she say I'm gonna take the rich one.


Yes sir. But You know what you got, You know what she already told you. Yeah. What time did it, what she's About? Yeah. But I I like it. I like Neil. So What, so, so lemme ask you a question. Ocho Moon rose, she cute. She cute, huh? She's fine, huh? Yeah. Not $5 million. Fine. You don't think so? I, I've seen, I've, I've seen women, I've seen women finer, I've seen women look better. Right, right, right. That's just me personally. Okay, Okay, okay. Okay. Hell, I was just a, in Houston, I saw 10 of 'em. Oh my goodness. Don't I Know three for sure. Do me a favor. Don't, don't mention Houston no more. 'cause I've been, I've been on, I I been, You know what?


You're right. I've been focused. You're Right. My bad. I've been focused. I've been disciplined. You're right. I don't, don't don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. But yeah, I I think, I think at some point she was dating Drusky if I'm, if I'm not mistaken or dki. Yeah, yeah. Yep. Very. I mean, obviously she, she's, she's, she's gorgeous. She's gorgeous. So, And I, so I would do that. That's what I would do In order for, for order for unc. You, I'm gonna need you, I'm gonna need you to make at least 10 million a year. Damn. Oh, how many women on earth to making 10 million a year? That ain't got nothing to do with me. I'm telling you what my standard is. Okay. What I gotta do, what the fudge that gotta do with me. Hey, hey, if she could, if she could say she wants somebody that make 5 million, why can't we Listen?


And that, that's the, that's the, that's the beauty of life too, huh? That's the beauty of life. As, as, as, as men, as women, we can have prerequisites and have certain standards and abide by 'em and boundaries, whatever it may be. I want my man to have A, B, C And I want my woman to have A, B, and C. And if they don't meet those standards, I'm gonna keep it moving. Now, the chances of finding some of the things that people require, it's slim to none. But if you gonna shoot for the, if you gonna shoot for the moon, or if you gonna shoot for the stars and then fall short and land on the moon, so be it. You know? I like it. But, But here the, but here's the thing though. Ojo, you see how women can have standards? Yes sir. Women can say, I want somebody six foot tall. Mm. I want somebody to make X amount of dollars. I want somebody that's, that has a degree.


Come on now. I want somebody that's well read. Yeah. And likes to travel. Shannon says, Shannon says, oh, he don't want a woman to pass gas around. That's why you're single. You see now women just lifted off five, 10 things what they worth. Right. Right, right. That ain't why they single. Right. But hey, I said, I don't want no woman to pass gas around me. Yeah. I want a woman. She go to the bathroom. I don't need to know. Close the door. Right. Oh, that I can see why aunt's, single women tell you all the things they want. Right. The first thing a man says, they'll say, I, well, You know what, I want a woman that's about five 10. I want her to have her natural hair. I want her to have everything natural. He's so shallow.


Ah. I, I A man, a man tell you what he want. He's shallow. Yeah. Women go out there and tell you everything I want, this, this, this, and this. Hey, hey, I don't believe you baby. Don't settle. Don't settle. Yeah. They, they love, they love out. But A man's supposed to settle. They love, but women never supposed to settle. Yeah. Man, y'all better miss me. Yeah. Hey, it, it is an ongoing battle. It's an ongoing battle of the sexes and what we want, what we require. There's a lot of delusion in it as well. It's, I like it. I like it. Whatever you believe in, whatever your standards may be, go for it. Go for it. Again, like I say, shoot, shoot for the highest, the highest you can, the chance of you, you getting, You know what you actually shooting for.


It's slim to none. Yeah. But hope and belief that one day you may achieve it. But I mean, but I, I, I'm saying no joke, I don't, I don't care. Right. I don't care what race they, I don't care, whatever the case may be. Right. But it seems to be jaded for one side that a woman gets to have all these prerequisites. Right, right. That they require from a man. But the moment a man says this, oh, he's shallow. Right? Oh, he's this, he's that. Why can't I say I want this right out of a woman? Well, what, where like women say they want this from a man. I think this is dope. That's All I'm asking. This isn't, I don't care what you date. Right. I don't care who you date, but I'm just asking why can't men have standards?


Like women, Hey, we're supposed to take with anything, we supposed to take anything that wink at us And I lay down, Hey, you better be glad outta your 57. Right? I don't give a damn. I'm 87. Yeah. You ain't finna put no stipulations on me. Double standards, double standards, depending on you, as I said, come on, man. Depending on you as that's a, that's a great, that's a great topic. That's a great conversation too. I gotta a if she, if if five, if a hundred thousand, whatever the case may be. Yeah. Most of the time men, men don't say, oh, she needs to make this. No, no. Okay, you treat me good, okay, blah, blah, blah. Then, You know, I think, And, but, but also you gotta think about this too, unc men that make that kind of money, men that make that kind of meaning 5 million and more.


They like dealing with women that don't have as much or really don't need them because they don't wanna deal with women that need that, that, that don't need them. They wanna deal with women that need them. Right. That puts them in positions of power where they're able to control what you can and can't do. So they, they, they, they, they enjoy that. And most women, I don't think they, they understand when you deal with these men that have that kind of money that are taking care of you and doing everything for you, Ocho You a there's really no freedom, huh? Because you make, you make one mistake. The chance of getting that again is slim the money. Hold on. You gotta be careful. The reason why men, because a woman that makes that kinda money, she don't have that kind of time to devote to a man, to a man anyway that's making that kind of money.


Yeah, you're right. So women that don't make that money, the man is expecting them to be there at their beck and call. Right. If a woman make that, she's working just as hard as a man that's making That. Yeah. So that's why you don't see a lot, a lot of times, a lot. Sometimes, not all, but I'm talking about like movie stars. Yeah. You know, the the saying is, You know, why movie stars? Because the other know what it's like to live in that world. But more when you start seeing women, men, okay, you make a million, you make 2 million, you make five, you make 10, you make 20. Yeah. Do you understand what is required of a woman to make that kind of a salary? Yeah. It's Different. Boy, that's a different ball game. She Ain't finna be cooking, coming home and cooking for you.


Please. She ain't finna be condo bro. Come on now. It's, It's different. It's different. So you have to understand, okay, I want somebody that's going, You know, be the mother of my kids. I want somebody that's gonna stay home and take care of the house woman that's making 10 million. And I don't believe she giving that up O Joe. No, absolutely not. She done work too hard to be put in that position. Right. Listen, I'm just, I'm just saying I could be wrong. No, but it's hard. You're Not wrong. It's Hard. You, you're not, you're not wrong because y'all understand a woman that's making $10 million a year, that's a plan that's been thought out, strategized years in advance. Her whole Life. Her Whole life. And you, she's not messing that up. No, that's, that's, that's, that wasn't a mistake.


That was not a mistake. Yeah. So it's, it's man, these women and they got real bold with it, but it is what it is. Yeah. Yeah. But listen, it, it, it, it eliminates gray area. It eliminates gray air and it eliminates games. Now what it does do, it makes a percentage of the type of men that they can date. It shrinks the pool. Very, very, very, very, very small. I want a man that makes $5 million. Well, I know one thing, all the men that make $5 million and more, I mean, well the cha I mean, you gotta wait to turn to come off the bench. That's about it. You ain't gonna be the only one. But he does make $5 million. I mean, You know, they get, they get to pick from the, they get to pick from the pond on who they, on who they wanna deal with.


They get the cream, the crop. Hey, listen, that specific day. Yeah. You understand what that comes with, man, I I I mean listen, some, sometimes women don't care as long as they got it, hey, but it, but it is what it is. Ojos being reported, a woman divorces her husband after $11,000 nose job and discovered her worth it changed my life. I had a lot of time to recover after the nose job. And it made me think I need to really get a, get the divorce so I can move on with my life. Hey, listen there, there's certain things that happen for women in life. They come into some money, they get things done to enhance their body, their appearance, and then they start getting attention from mothers, the type of tension that they never got before.


And most of the time it fools you when you get attention from others before. Especially not only when you're married. You have somebody that actually loves you. You have somebody that loves you. You build a foundation with 'em and it's different as opposed from the lust that you getting from others that Yeah. You understand. They just, they just wanna have fun. I, I hate it Different. It different, Huh? When you home Yeah. And your girl and and your girl said, Ocho, you look good today. Now you go out with your boy. Yeah. Like, damn ocho. I ain't Know. Yeah. That's what you see it all, you see all the time, boy, hey, from, From coming from a different mouth, mouth it And you hear It, it'll fool you every time. Huh? Oh, it will, it will fool you every time.


It absolutely would. It, it it, it will And and stuff like that happens. It happens all the time. It happens all the time. You go from, And I listen, I, I I I love that line. I, it happens to a lot of women all the time because they allow the outside, the outside voices to get to 'em because it's new all the time. Yes. And you, you leave, You know, women leave relationships with guys where they have a solid foundation where things are going well. Yeah. And most of the time they have these beliefs and they thinking everything's gonna be pieces of the cream when it doesn't work that way. And the outside voices had you going for the main attraction to Now you just another number on a dude's roster because you think the grass is green on the other side or somewhere else.


And it happens. Like con there's this countless stories of this happening over and over and over and over. It's, it is, it is ridiculous. Especially this one story here. Oh, I got my nose job now I'm getting all type of attention that I never got before. And I think it might be better somewhere else, but you leave your loving husband, you saw the foundation. Someone, someone where you, you got stability And you think it's better elsewhere. Man, sh man, shoot. Oh, Joe. And I'm great at giving advice. Yeah. I just don't take, I sometimes I don't even take my own damn advice.


And that's why I need my ass kicked. I told my homeboy, talk to me. My homeboy had I, my homeboy had this girl, Matt. Yeah. She was amazing. She cook. Mm. Clean. Yeah. I'm talking about this. A I need $500. She might have 400. Right. She gonna give him the 400. Right. And go borrow the other hundred to make sure he Get it. Boom. Come on now, man, come on now. This dude, I said, man, don't do that. I said, you got a good girl. Right? I said, man, she great. Right. They end up getting married. I mean, she was great. There we go. Ocho, ocho, ocho what? And this dude, I mean, he's like, he like, he like dog. It's just something about that newness.


The new one, they, she new this, this one new. Right. I said, I said, bro, your wife gonna be new to another ninja. Yeah. I Said, bro, I'm telling you. Yeah. They still, they still together. No. Yeah. Hey, one thing about it, one thing about it, you never, you never know what you got until it's gone. You don't, you Never listen. You, you never know what you got until it's gone. You never, you never do. I've, I've never, You know what's funny?


Has I been in the game so long? I've been playing the game so long, is I know when I'm always right. I never missed. I never missed never. All I'm saying, look here, if all of a sudden your lady start working out. Yeah. She working out for somebody else to see her naked. That's, Hey, that's, that's a beautiful thing right there. That's a beautiful thing too. Not only she work, Hey listen, not only is she working out for somebody else to see her naked, that mean he get to take the, he get to take her off the books.


You know, when I, You know, when the team, the team they want, You know what, You know, we don't see you putting in the same type of production as you used to. So we gonna have to ask you to take a pay cut if you Well, You know, I ain't taking no pay cut. Alright, well we gonna have to release you. You know what it feels like for an NFL team to move off from a player whose salary is 10 million a year or 20 million a year. And then you get that 20 or 10 million off your books, You know how much freedom that is. So can you imagine you having a woman who's working out all of a sudden out the blue so another man can see her naked. That means he gets to take on that responsibility and those expenses and those bills and that headache.


Yeah. That's a great, that's a great thing. I'm not sure why many times, see when things end as, oh my God, I'm gonna chase behind her or I love her man. What are you talking about, bro? What, what are you talking about? Who chases at an expense that doesn't even wanna be with you anymore? Right? I, I I understand love and all that. Think about it. Why am I chasing at another expense or whoever it is that you in love with? If things aren't working out, what are you, what exactly are you chasing? What value is she bringing to the table two or for you? I chase look it all, it all depends what you looking for.


Yeah. If you, if you, if you find, if you found a, if you found a woman, you found someone, she works, she has a job, she's working, she's bringing stuff to the table, she's helping you, you are helping her. Right. That's a, that's a great relationship. Now you find a woman, you say, babe, hey, you can continue to work. Right. If you don't have to, if you don't want to. I like that because I need you to do X, Y, Z, Z, and Z right here at home. Yes. And in the process, I'm gonna make sure everything that you normally would have to cover, I'll cover it right now. Me. Okay. Boom. I understand that.


She's like, well, nah, I kind of want my own thing. Mm. Because I don't wanna be under control. Because if you control the money, a lot of times he who controls the money controls Me every time. Every time. It's just like the job. Yes sir. The job feel that they gonna teach you a certain type of way 'cause they control the money. Money. Yeah. Now if you need the money, you're gonna have to act. So then a lot of times she's like, I don't wanna be in this situation because I don't want you to have that level of control. Okay, fine, Fine. But it's just like, I just hate, I just hate these, these conversations like, because it's so one sided. Yeah, it is. It is. It's so one sided because I get, let's just say for the sake of argument, Ocho, I have a kid with somebody. Yeah.


Now, okay, she's loving me, she's cooking for me. She's providing, You know, she's doing what a woman could do. Okay, I'm doing for her, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But what happens? She leave. See, the state will require me to do all the things that I was doing before. Right. They'll ma they'll, they'll require me. She don't have to do nothing. Yeah. She don't have to gimme no more. Hoo-ha She don't have to see me no more. Yeah. The state will require me to take care of do what I need to do. You see how west side of that is? Yeah, it is. Why would the state require her to do something for me? Hey, I li I like, I like, but You know what? Ocho at, at, at this juncture of my life, I'm only gonna be with who I wanna be with.


I don't care. Hey, You, matter of fact, I'm gonna be with who I wanna be. Listen, Speak. Speaking of junctures, speaking of junctures in life, obviously at, at my, my big age or your big age, I'm in, I'm in search of life partner. Always have been. And when one thing doesn't work out, then you keep on moving And you stay in search of that life partner. I'm Camila Ramon Pelotons first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur and almost most importantly a per enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Palm A per enthusiast.


Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Asho is where sports music and fitness collide And we cover it all. The Riva sit downs with real game changers in the sports world like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Shumate, who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It All changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know, you're not Latina enough. First of all, What does that mean? My mouth Is wide open. Yeah. History makers like the Suka family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level.


Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought to you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network. It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially mates Nate, we're the energy line.


We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war.


J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its Knees, the FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I am Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty, the story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions From the building of the core that included Clay Thompson and Draymond Green to one of the boldest coaching decisions in the history of the sport. I just felt like the biggest thing was to earn the trust of the players and let the players know that we were here to try to help 'em take the next step. Not tear anything down. Today the Warrior's dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for What Steph has done for the game.


He's certainly on that like Mount Rushmore. For guys that have changed it, Come revisit this magical Warrior's ride. This is Dove Dynasty. The Doves Dynasty is still very much alive. Listen to Dove Dynasty starting April 8th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. I am very intentional in all that I do And I I say it all the time, especially tho those that I meet, You know, And I am looking for a wife and family dynamic now if I try it one time and it doesn't work out, you don't stop.


And that just goes with anything in life, You know, that goes with anything in life. And I I like the fact that all the time especially we have these conversations where a lot, where a lot of people can, can relate. Sometimes things work out. Yeah, for sure. Sometimes, sometimes things don't. But I, I hate people that that, that give up on their dreams or aspirations or what, whatever it may, whatever it may be. And the the funny thing about it is, You know, shit, things happen in life. Things end. Yeah it does. But it doesn't have to stop there. Stop it. It just doesn't Stop me Now you don't Don't to final signal of the evening.


You don't have to stop you type Q and a. Hey, that was a good one. I don't even know where the hell I was going with that. I know I'm going to bed about five minutes. Alright, Ocho, Kemper Norwood Jr question if Unc my question is, is Aren judge old placed to hit 40 of more home runs this season? Yes. Significantly more than 40. Yeah, probably. Wait, is it Rivera unc and Ocho question would have another better stat line than the game against another Elway and unc a par ocho who wins as the better duo? Well that, that's not even fair because you're comparing a tight end and receiver And I I mean it depends on the target. There's so many different variables that go into that.


Yes. I mean you see UNC and UNC could have a goddamn date depending on who the hell we got at that goddamn covered them shit. You know? So it it all depends. It all depends. And the thing is, with Ocho c man, I be having this man, I had TD in my backfield. I damned had damned every year have 11, 12, 13, 14 on the yard rushing. Yeah. We, it is not like the tight end of today's game. Yeah. Unless, I mean, I'm trying to think. Well, like who, how many, I wonder how many balls likely caught this year? How many balls it likely to catch ash And, and because I think I had, like, I had when TD rushed for 2000, I had 64 balls caught. 64 passes, like 650 yards and 10 touchdowns.


Aint a whole lot of balls going around when you rush for that kind of neck, those kind of yard. Right, right, Right, right, right. How many likely had 42 catches? That's it. How many, how many did the guy for the Eagles have Godard? I'm feeling pretty good now. Huh? He had 42 too. Yeah, I had 64 with a 2000 yard rush in my backfield. So I feel a, I feel pretty good. Ty said what's up Acho, if stair Kern wins another ring, will he unquestionably be the gold point guard?


Is yo at the top 20 player all time already? Man, I just have a hard time putting him over Magic man. Damn. Who? Steph. Oh, Right now. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. I have a hard time with Joe. Yeah. Put him over magic. What would he, what would he need to do? I mean he, 'cause see I look at Steph as a two guard masquerading as a point. Most of the time the offense run through Draymond, right? Yeah. I think we, I think now we would have to have a better conversation. Right now I think magic is the gold point guard. Right. But I think if we did, we really have to have an honest, true discussion.


But magic was a true point guard. Right? I don't look at Steph as a true point guard. Is Yoki the top 20 all time player? I say yes Already. I would say yes. I say yes, I like it. Hell he gets another ring. Hell, he might, I have to put his ass in the top 10, but he ain't done Now you talk, I mean he's not done. He Got a ways to go. I, I-I-I-I-I can see a situation on Joe where he has another 2, 3, 3, 4 years where he's putting up numbers like this. Yeah. I'm not saying that he's done winning MVPs.


What, what? Damn Ojo. Think about it. He's won three. Yeah, he's finished second of MB, he's about to finish second again. So in a five year span he's three, he's won three Right. And he's been second twice. Yeah. So you'd be able, you able to keep this consistency up. See it even being, see, okay, I like it. Pat do said to be honest on, I understand Josh should do better, but he ain't the only one doing the gesture. BP did it, did it tonight against the Lakers. Yeah, I agree. I I think, I don't think D DP also doesn't have a history of getting in trouble. Correct. And remember It was different.


No. Remember when Mutombo did this? Yeah, they outlawed it now because he was doing it. I I guess they say, well no, you gotta do it. You know, so Now you gotta turn your back to the guy. Right guy. So they're pro because a lot of times, You know, guys get hot and they be yo like they, You know, they, they hot pull Off. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So, Hmm. Just got my VIP ticket. Aren Owen said I just got my VIP tickets to see you guys at Chicago Aren. Thank you. Can't wait to see you bro. Yeah, we gonna have some fun in shot down. Oh yeah. Trey Parker. I just got engaged with Oto ocho thing. That a ring on your finger ain't it?


Wait ho. Hold on. I I just, I guess you got, do you got a ring on your finger? Yeah, I just, I just got engaged. But Ocho that's a ring on your finger ain't Oh yeah. Yeah. I just, I just got re-engaged. Hold Lord that mercy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like life goes on man. Life goes on. We're not getting into that tonight. O Joe. We not No, I'm, I'm, I'm being honest. You, you, you, I, I know you're being honest. No, I Know you're being honest. I'm, I'm serious. I'm not, I'm not playing like I'm Oh, we believe you. Yeah, yeah. I, You know, You know. Yeah. I, I had to move on, You know. So I told you toy, this, This, And I Told you, I told you 2026. I told you what it is. I'm, I'm walking, I'm walking down the aisle with somebody.


Oh lord. Alright. You think, man, listen, everything I do in life is intentional. It might come off funny, it might come off in jokes, but I'm almost over that mountain And I ain't doing this shit by myself. I'm leaving here with something.


Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join their Nationwide 5G network today.


Please make sure you guys hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite up. Shannon Sharp. Number 85 Liberty City's own Bingo Ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson and please go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Guys, thank you for your support. Thank you for staying up late with us tonight. We know it was a late night, but you guys stayed up with us and so hopefully you enjoyed it. Joe. ISO Joe was amazing. Hopefully we can get him back on the show real, real soon. Please go follow my media company page on all of his platforms. She, Shea Media. Thank you guys so much because of you. We've gotten nominated for six Webby Awards, six three for Club sheha, three for Nightcap, and it's all because of you.


Thank you again so very, very much. The link is pinned into the link is pinned in our bio and so please go vote for us. Voting ends on April 17th. Please go follow my, my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything is restocked, the link is pending in the chat. Supplies are limited so please go get yours while supplies last. 'cause once they're gone, they're gone. Tickets for the Not Safe for Work Tour went on sale last week. Our eight stops are as followed. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, LA Miami, NYC Chi Town Detroit Tickets can be found@shehamedia.com slash tour.


The link is pinned also in the chat. Great guest lineup shaping up for you guys. Can't wait to see you guys get out there and get, have some fun, have some joke, have some serious conversation. Alright, so Joe, we want to thank you Joe Johnson for joining us tonight. Oh yeah, to talk all things hoop. You did an unbelievable job, bro. Look forward to having you back on the pod real, real soon. The Warriors beat the Lakers 1 23 to one 16. The Lakers fall to the fourth spot. The the Warriors move up to the fifth spot and if the playoff were to happen today, the Lakers and the Warriors would face off. But we still have games left and that could easily change.


The Warriors could go up to fourth, maybe even third, and the Lakers could slide down to Field six. Who knows, maybe even seventh. But the Warriors win. 1 23, 1 16. Thank you for joining from Nightcap. I'm up. He's Ocho. We will see you on Sunday, The Volume. Hey, all you women's soups, fans and folks who just don't know yet that they're women's soups fans. We've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire and everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa.


Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. What's up? I'm Laura, host of the podcast Courtside with Laura Corti, A masterclass case study of the business of women's sports. I'll be chatting with leaders like Tennis Icon, Alana Klaus. I Don't do what I do only for women, I do it for everyone, And I want the whole market. And innovators like Jenny Wynn, I would say 50% of the people that come visit the sports bra aren't sports fans. They come to be in community. They come to be part of this culture. Courtside with Laura Corti is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and Entertainment. Listed a court side with Laura Corti on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports. My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns and combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with Jay, Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together.


Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.