
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career, And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Right now, get up to 25% off select online storage solutions. Put heavy duty HDX totes to good use, protecting what's important to you. This solid impact resistant design prevents cracking and the clear base and sides. Make items easy to find even when the totes are stacked. Find select online shelving and tote storage up to 25% off at The Home Depot. To organize every room in your home from your garage to your attic, visit home depot.com. How doers get more done.


The Apple Watch Series 10 is here. It has the biggest display ever. It's also the thinnest Apple Watch ever making it even more comfortable on your wrist, whether you're running, swimming or sleeping. And it's the fastest charging Apple Watch getting you eight hours of charge in just 15 minutes. The Apple Watch series 10 available for the First time in glossy jet black aluminum compared to previous generations. iPhone tennis are later required charge time and actual results will vary. Amazon one medical presents painful thoughts. I could catch anything sitting in this doctor's waiting room. Ugh, my kid just wiped his runny nose on my jacket, and the guy next to me sitting in a pool of perspiration insists on sharing my armrest.


Ugh. Next time, make an appointment with an Amazon one medical provider. There's no waiting and no sweaty guy. Amazon one Medical Healthcare just got less painful. This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with realtime notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight.


Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart. The Volume,


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, An official sports betting partner of the NBA A all 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Now let's get on the Jets. Defeated the Dolphins 32 to 20. But the the big news came out after the game. Tyreek Hill basically said he won it out of the Dolphins organization. Let's take a listen to the sound. Ocho hell, Whoa Know Snoop did a great job of, you know, filling in whenever he learned the offense, you know, getting this going. But you know, whenever you're, you're missing, you know, your franchise player, man, it, it kind of sucked. So, I don't even know, bro. You know, this is my First time. I, I haven't been in the playoffs, man. So, I mean, for me, like I said, man, I I, I, I just gotta do what's best for me and my family dog.


If that's here, that's where, wherever the case may be, man, I'm, I'm finna open that door for myself, dog, as I'm opening the door, like, like I'm out, bro. You know, so it was great playing here, but you know, I, at the end of the day, bro, I gotta do what's best for, you know, for, for my career. And you know what's best because I'm too much of a competitor to be, you know, just that mean he's out there means every, every day. Hey, Oh, Joe, That he, he's emotional, huh? He's emotional after a win understanding. He's always been in the playoffs and then having to be home. You Know, he left Patrick Mahome to go to tour.


What did he think? Now remember he was running his mouth tour is more accurate than Patrick Mahome. Hey Lee, UNC, he's sticking up for his quarterback. Don't do that. Come on now On Joe, come on. You mean to tell me. Okay, So you gonna say, oh yeah, but what you call 'em is, is better than Tom Brady. Ain't no sense in doing that. Ain't nobody believe that. Ain't nobody said to her plus his injury history, which you knew. But I go to show you fan, you see 30 million can't by your happiness when you getting your eyes beat in. You play with a quarterback that's injury prone. So you're dependent on if the backup can come in and keep that thing going. What's the one thing about how many games has Patrick Mahomes missed?


That's why you factor in all of that when you make a decision, right? Like you make right? You got the money. But look at them stats. He looking at all them guys that got them stats. Ocho, Tyreek Hill has never not been to the Pro Bowl. Now when they talk about OCHO last year, the players voted him the number one player. Yeah. What do you think he's gonna be this year? Let let, let's talk about this. Go ahead. Let's talk. Where can we see Tyreek Hill going? Being that he's put that out there like that, understanding his frustrations and not having the type of season that Tyreek Hill should have. Who, who by all means, regardless of this down season, is still a top three, top five wide receiver.


This NFL. Correct? Hey, I, a I I don't know what, oh hell. Top five What? A what? Top five receivers, you know, requesting a trade. Now I know now we not now we not gonna do this. We, we not gonna do this on Beyonce's internet. We not gonna do this on Beyonce's internet. Joe Tyreek Hill is not a top five player. Just simply because he had down here. I did not say that. Listen, come on now. Don't, don't do me like that. Don't do me like that. With understanding to his injuries, backups, things suffer.


He can't throw the ball to himself. Factor that in. When you made that was hurt before you got there, he was hurt in college, you didn't factor that in. You didn't care. Hold on. Every chance he got, he took a shot at the Kansas City Chiefs. They didn't have to trade him. They traded him with years left on his contract. They offered him money, but they couldn't get to the guarantee. They were trying to low ball him. Don't do that. They were trying to low ball OCHO Based on Ocho, Ocho. They hold on. You remember the year before they asked him would he restructure the contract? Reek Hill said, nah, once I signed the contract, I signed a contract.


Right? Ain't no restructuring. Now, what happened to that a year later? If you sign a contract and you don't restructure in their favor, why should they sign a contract for you and re in your favor? He said that. I'm just going by what he said. Now, if it's a lie, he said it. We can pull the tapes if you want to. You see, you see what happens. You see what happens when you, he didn't have to say Kansas City, done right by him. Hmm. I got fired by CBS. You've never ever heard me utter a bad word about CBS Fox. Let me go. I haven't uttered a bad word. They gave me an opportunity. CBS gave me my first media job on network television.


Right? The Tiffany network, right? I'm grateful. FS one gave me a chance to show that I can do, I could be more than a football player. I could talk about more sports than just football. Right? I'm forever grateful. That's not what he did with Kansas City. Hmm. Every chance he got, he took a shot at him. Now look at it. Hey, Hold on now. He Should be made to stay his ass in Miami. Nah, he gonna be all right. He gonna be all right. But we, we gonna get it done. But you know, once, once you put the bait out there like that, you know, team gonna come and call in there. Team, team. I'm will low ball you because I know he won't out. Why would I give you what he is worth when I know he won't out?


I know you. Look, I know your house about to go in foreclosure. I'm not finna give you what it's worth. Mm. I know you need to sell that car. I'm not going to give you what it's worth. You got valuable, you got watches, you got whatever the case may be. Why would I pay you what it's worth when I know you gotta get up off it. He's seeing, think about it. Think about how, what, how it would've looked a three times Super Bowl champ. Now maybe he doesn't have 1700 yards, but Ocho ah, what's the difference between 15? You think if, if Tyreek Hill stayed in Kansas City and instead of having 1700 or 1800 yards, he had 1500 yards, do they view Tyreek any differently?


They do. They do. They do. I like, you know, you, you, you see how you put the bait out there though? Huh? What if he end, what if he end up back in Kansas City? I'm sure that, I'm sure my homeboy love to have it. Yeah. Mm. Come back home. Tail tuck between your legs, huh? Oh, you see that old joke? It's funny how that thing work Aid Sometimes. Sometimes you gotta go back to your ex. There's no place like home. Isn't that what? Dark. Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa. You think I'm about to let you sneak Daddy there? Y'all heard a jack? You think I'm about to sleep? Let you sneak daddy there.


So what you mean, what you trying to get at? Don't? Oh no, I'm, no, I'm not. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm just saying. I'm just saying in general, no, No, ain't no just there's never, there's never, there's no such thing as just, there's always a reason. Nobody just does anything. I do. You just sit in your car or do you get in your car to go to work? Or do you get in your car to go to the gym? Or do you get in your car to go to the store? Right. Or do you get in the car to go to the airport? There's never just, right, there's always a reason. I, now, again, I'm using the reference. I was just using the reference in general, Using The reference general. Sometimes, sometimes you don't understand what you got until it's gone. So, Tyreek with a great understanding after a short stint here in Miami, What's gone that you understand? Have a better understanding and appreciation for Damn, can you fly?


Lemme see. You turn your head all the way around So you ain't no owl. So I ain't talking about you, you, you, Right? I mean, you ask the question again. I didn't hear you. Nah, I say what, what have you lost? That you realized that it's, it was, it's better home than away. I, I, I wasn't referencing people. Okay. We were talking about Tyre Hill. Okay, I'll, I'll, we were talking about Tyree. Okay? Okay. But yeah, I do seem to be off track a little bit. I'm, I'm not sure where you're going with this. Hold on up then. Mike McDaniel spoke about Tyreek not playing the fourth quarter. Let's take a listen to what Mike McDaniel had to say. I was informed that he was unavailable and Right, right before a drive.


I was not informed that it was a, a new injury. And you know, I think, you know, at that point in time, my focus was on the players and I, I didn't take the time to go try to figure out more into that. Just it, there there was guys on the field that were competing and we were trying to win a game. So my focus was there. That's not a good look. Coach o that's a horrible look. Coach o that's what the head coach said. Tyreek Seal took himself outta the game. No different what than what Debon de Campbell did. That is absolutely no different.


Said it was an injury. No, no. Mike McDaniel just said he was breath, that there was no new injury. Oh, I thought I Wait. Are you sure that's what he said? I thought he just said he Took That's exactly what he said. That No, you didn't know. You, you heard it, you heard it right the First time. Built up frustration, man. One of the greatest assistant. Whoa. So lemme ask you a question. No, I, he frustrated. Do you think he gonna get that check tomorrow? So he's not gonna be too frustrated not to get that check, but he too frustrated to take his ass in the game, you see? Yeah. This is why NFL players don't get guaranteed money.


This is the argument that those owners use. Ocho I, nah, you can't use that. We know it's bull, but Ocho you can't quit OCHO style. Yeah. You may excuse excuses, but the man, when the man told you why you do that, Why You make excuses for these guys. Don't you make No excuse. You just said it was a new injury. Mike McDaniel said he was informed that the man said he was unavailable and it was to his knowledge, it was, it was not an injury, a new injury. No, he said it was a new injury. So you, you heard me wrong. Can we play sound? Hey, rewr. That sound Right? Listen to it again. I was informed that he was unavailable and Right, right before a drive.


I was not informed that it was a, a new injury. And you know, I think, you know, at that point in time, my focus was on the players and I, I didn't take the time to go try to figure out more into that. Just it, there there was guys on the field that were competing Mm. Here trying to win a game. So now you want to try to make it that excuse for him. Go ahead. Floor, George. Yeah, I I heard, I heard it that time. He wasn't informed about a new injury, but he was informed about the old one. Let's move on. I'm not Finn to get into it about you. The Patriots defeated the bills 23 to 16 after the game, Jared Mayo was informed he would not be returning as the head coach.


Well see Now we just talked about this. We just talked about this last night on, we just talked about this last night. Unc Mike Vrabel, you put up the goddamn avatar with you in your, your New England Patriot uniform. You knew what that meant, UNC, I told you. You Yeah. You listen, I'm not a conspiracy theorist. He knew the job was his already they had been talking. Yeah, that's tampering. You gave Jra mayo one year. One year is not enough time to do anything in the NFL. Nothing at all. The question is that one year, were those same players? How many games did Coach Belichick get win? Oh, snap.


Those were the same players that Coach Belichick had. They got the third pick in the draft. What draft did they get this year? The fourth pick in the draft with a lot of the same players. The only difference, they got a quarterback. They drafted a rookie quarterback. Right. Great. Yeah. So I I have a question. Since Jerard Mayo's lease was so short being a year, Mike Vrabel comes in. I'm assuming we're all assuming that Mike Lin's going to be the, the next head coach of the new Patriots. What's going to happen next? How short is his le gonna be? It ain't gonna one year? Or does he get a little bit more grace? Coach Belichick was five and 11, if I'm not mistaken.


He got another year. That's all I'm saying. I'm not saying there's anything funny. I'm not saying anything. I'm just saying that's what Coach Belichick got. Gerard Mayo was supposedly handpicked by the Kraft family, mainly Mr. K Craft. And he got one year. But I told you last night, he was, he understood that if he didn't hire Mike Vrabel now, he was not gonna get a chance to hire because Mike Abel was gonna get hired. He was Gonna get hired on, on the coaching cycle. Yep. He was definitely getting hired. Yep. Damn man. That's not, I mean, listen, the business has always been the business.


The game has always been the game. And when it it comes to the business, sometimes the business is dirty. It is. And, and, and this in the fact that Gerald Mayo, I think is not as bad for him. He lives in Foxborough. He was already there. He was under Belichick's tutelage. I I was just thinking about for family and, and circumstances of having to pick up and move and leave and stuff like that. But obviously Man, I'm not leaving in no Foxborough. That man ain't gonna live in no Foxborough. He not the coach. But he's been coaching there for years. Huh? He's been to Foxborough since Playing. How would you say what you just said? Repeat what you just said to the chat. He's been doing what? Living in Foxborough. Doing what? Coaching.


Okay. So what is he doing now in Foxborough? Well, he is not nothing. He's no longer Thank you. Oh, I have a question. Yes. Is it, is it disrespectful? Is it disrespectful for Bravel to have him on his staff? Why would I wanna be a head coach? I was the head coach and now I'm gonna be a, I'm gonna be A-A-A-A-D coordinator or an assistant on the staff at the I'm asking you. I'm asking a question. Huh? You know how, you know how that co you know how that coaching world works? You always keep a job when you're in certain circles. You always keep a job when you are in certain circles. I'm just Curious. Question it. Here's the thing. This is not gonna be a situation where I don't believe Mr. Craft will pick anybody on Mike Abel's staff.


That'll be a Mike Vrabel decision. Yeah. I, me personally, I don't know if I'm the head coach, get to get fired and all of a sudden I come back and I'm the defensive coordinator right now, I might go somewhere else to be a D coordinator. Right. But I don't know if I, I don't know if I could be able to be that there OCHO that I'm just being honest. Right, right, right, right, right. I listen. Whoa. And, and another thing, now we don't get the opportunities as often as others. That's why I was saying if the opportunity presented itself, do you take it or do you sit back and say, no, you know what? I had my time here. My time here is done. I'm gonna move on and hopefully I get a chance somewhere else maybe to be a head coach or maybe to do what I do best.


And that is be a defensive coordinator. Lemme ask you this. How many years did he get, he needed a three or four year deal. Man, why are all these lights on? Man? I'm not paying this electric bill. He signed a seven year deal. Yeah, ocho. Yeah. That man signed a seven year deal. They got one. Hey listen, they gotta pay that whole No, he Signed, he signed a, he No, he signed like a four year. They got, Hey, they gotta, yeah, they gotta pay that whole thing, right? No, no, no. He got, I think he signed a four year deal. I, and they got to pay that whole four years. Right. Unless he go gets another job and then it's offset.


Right. Okay. So whatever he does, whatever he, they'll they'll make it up. Right, Right, right. College you don't really have offset. I think it was like a three or four year deal. Well that, oh, that, that hurt. Boy, I just thinking about it, boy. Well that should have been, that should have told him three years. Most coaches get five six now That's crazy. At minimum, right? You don't, you don't feel bad. What was the Matt rule? Got like a six or eight year deal. Woo. When he went to Carolina. Carolina. Yeah. The coaches got it. Good boy. Yeah. Vance. Joseph left.


He was the head coach. He got fired. He went as a dc Yeah, there was in between He was a DC went boom, went to the Cardinals. Yeah. Came back to the Broncos as a DC right? Yeah. Could I see that? But no. To be on that staff after being the head coach. Nah, I'm good. I'll set this one out. Hmm. Yeah. I think it was a three year deal. It had to be, I think it's three. Yeah. But maybe what maybe an option.


But that should have gave you a clue. 'cause most coaches now signing five year deals,


we all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps back. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime. Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp Bank, north America or Stride Bank. North America members. FDIC spot me. Eligibility requirements in overdraft limits apply Boost are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


This Is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu. DU


Oh. It's such a clutch. Offseason pickup, Dave. I know, right? I was worried we'd bringing back the same team. Oh no, I meant those blackout motorized shades. MVP of the room. Wines.com made it crazy affordable to replace our rolled blinds. Hard to Install. No, it was easy. Even you could do it. Nice. I installed these and then got some from my mom too. You fly across the country to do the install. Nope. blinds.com can do it all. All she had to do was pick what she wanted. She talked to a design consultant for free and scheduled a professional measure and install. Look At you. A Hall of Fame sun. Oh, I just picked the winning team. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in the world. Oh. Blinds.com is the goat. The Goat Shop blinds.com right now and get up to 40% off select styles. Plus a free professional measure and a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Save up to 40 percent@blinds.com. blinds.com Rules and restrictions may apply.


Amazon Pharmacy presents painful thoughts. The guy in front of me in the pharmacy line is halfway through an incredibly detailed 17 minute story about his gout. A story likely more painful than the gout itself. Next time, save yourself the pain and let Amazon Pharmacy deliver your meds right to your door. Amazon Pharmacy Healthcare just got less painful.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about Faye this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. All you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games, they've come in and haven't scored 20 points. And you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this. We'll, we'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you Will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Ocho. Yeah. The commanders beat the Dallas Cowboys. Jerry the Commanders, excuse me. The Cowboys lose to the Commanders 2319 after play by Mariota took Terry McClure, excuse me, Jerry Jones saved 550,000 by not playing Cooper Rush today to avoid a snap incentive or claims he didn't know. Let's take a listen to the sound of Jerry talking after the game. I didn't even know about it until I read about it. So nothing, nothing at all. Now those incentives are in there for the team and we put 'em in there. So if someone is in his case as a backup quarterback cast in lay, they've got the financial incentives, but they're usually put in there because of people representing it.


And there should be. So he did really earn some pretty serious incentives this year. Didn't I tell Ocho Chad? Didn't I tell y'all Jerry didn't know what the hell he was doing hide you. The general manager. You didn't one to do the contracts. I thought Ocho, if you do the contract, oh they'll put in there. So you mean to tell me a agent could sneak some stuff by somebody? Of course not. The general manager reads over everything. Unc You see what I'm saying? Chad, all you got to do is listen to Jerry and Jerry will really tell you how little he knows about the game. Yeah, UNC, he knew about them goddamn incentives. He knew about them damn incentives.


Why in the hell did they just start re lands just for the sake of, for the sake of things. The last week of the season, you knew what you was doing. You didn't want to get that money. We've heard stories like this. This happens all the time. Yep. It happens all the time. And this was done purposely and you know, to us, you know, to to to the people in the chat. 500,000, a lot of money. But we think about it to someone like, Jerry, you penny pension. Why you penny pension? Well, you see what it cost him. Derrick Henry had more rush yards by himself than the entire Cowboys organization. Cowboys had 50 other yards rushing than five. Touchdown. Derrick Henry had 1921 and 16 touchdowns.


But you somehow, you thought Zeke was a better option than Derrick Henry. Derrick Henry cost the Ravens two years, $16 million. Now there's an op they probably considering he played so well, they'll probably give a, they'll probably give another extra year. Probably bumped that up to about 12 million. Because I believe Derrick Henry has at bare minimum have at least two more years. Yeah. At two more at the level that he might not rush for another 1900. But can I interest you in 1500? Yeah. Playing with Lamar because Lamar hand the ball to him and roll out to the backside. He gonna hold that backside in retire. Not Derrick Henry bend that thing back so and so on.


But this is embarrassing. Jared just stopped speaking. He really, because he makes himself look bad. He really does. He makes himself look, he makes himself look awful. I Don't think he cares. He doesn't care. But He cares. Oh, he absolutely cares. I'll give you, because privately when people, when people that he have a relationship with and they say stuff, oh, he reach out, he cares. He absolutely cares. I know one thing he knew Cooper Rush had that goddamn incentive in the damn contract. Owners know all that stuff. They know everything. They're briefed on who's to get paid what before a game is happening. What money's supposed to be shelled out, what players need catches, runs, passes, throws, percentages.


They know all that. They're briefed on it before those games come up the following week. He knew that's why the decision was made to bench him to make sure he didn't hit those incentives. Yeah, but I honestly ocho I mean Cooper Rice, I mean, Cooper Rush Trey last ain't looked too bad. Nah, ain't look too bad. I mean, obviously he got legs, but we know he got legs. But it, I mean, look, he missed a throw. He had ell he tried to aim it and it nose dived on him. But I mean, hey, maybe with some reference. Look, I ain't saying he about to be Jay Daniels. I'm not saying he gonna be any of these guys that, I ain't saying all that Right. But I I think I, he showed me enough right, that if the Cowboys don't bring him back, somebody else is gonna give him an opportunity.


Yeah, they'll, they, they're gonna give him an opportunity. But Marcus Mariota had a 15 or 18 1 61 2 touchdowns. Jay Dame was six or 12 cowboys are what we thought they'd be. I mean, is is, is it, are the Cowboys what we thought they'd be or are the cowboys of what they've always been Both. Okay. Two things can be true. Yeah. Yeah. Hopefully, hopefully they get things together next year. Because I like the Cowboys. I like the Cowboys fans. I like the Cowboys players. I don't like the people that actually run the cowboy.


Not personally. I'm just saying the way they do things. This Was the First time. I don't think I, I think the Cowboys fans come to the realization. You think they get it? Yeah. They're not delusional anymore. I don't know. They realize that Jerry's the issue and they're not going to go anywhere. I don't, this is the First time that I actually think that's, that's, that's what happened. I think it'll be the same thing next year. Training camp is gonna be filled up Jerry's world, September, September 9th, whenever the season starts, preseason Jerry's world is going to be filled up. As long as the money Coming in, Nothing gonna stop. Nothing going to change. Jerry Jones also crazy McCarthy, but wouldn't commit to the future.


This is what Jane Slater tweeted earlier. Jane, I know Jane. She's come on f this one undisputed a couple of times. I love her when she talks about the Cowboys. Yeah. She know her bitch. Huh? Jared Jones kept talking about wanting a coach that would agree to an incentive based contract. Ocho I'm not gonna give you X, but if you win the division, if you go to the NFC championship game, you win the Super Bowl. That's not how coaches work. But check this out. But I argue the market pays otherwise then he said he didn't want anyone who didn't want to be here. But I argue, but if someone doesn't, doesn't make you feel like you are wanting, why would you make no mistake? There are plenty of coaches who want this job. He's not wrong about coach job required of level of ambiguity that he might not subscribe.


He might subscribe to for other struggle to stomach. Mm. So in other words, he know there's only 32 of 'em. Mocho. Yeah. There's only 32 NFL head coaches. Mm. The Dallas Cowboys is the most visible, most recognizable pro sports team in all the world. You take those soccer clubs, you take all of them. The Dallas Cowboys have a, is more valuable than all of them. They make more money than all of them. 10.1 billion. That is what they're worth. Jerry knows that. But you see, oh, I'm, why the f would I take an incentive based contract considering you get the cont you get all the control.


I don't get fi I don't get no say in the final 53. I get no say in the draft. I get no say in P urgency. But you, you really control my destiny. OYI Would, I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it. And you, you say, you say it's probably one of the most pro prominent, you know, coaching jobs there is out there. But who wants to go, who wants to go coach there? Who would want to go? Listen, if you go coach, if you go coach in the circus, you won't be able to tell the difference from the clowns. I said, I said that. I said that quote wrong. I said it wrong. But you get what I'm saying. Yes. No, I I But who, who would wanna do that?


Ocho, this man said he want his coach to take an incentive based contract. He's so, he's unserious, he's unserious, he's unserious. This is why things are going the way they're going. Very unserious and Oh man, ojo Be dead. Serious incentive. Oh Yeah. Oh, he absolutely Serious. Dead serious. It's almost laughable. Yeah. Until he, I'm sorry, players.


I can't openly root for the cowboys. I'm rooting for the players. I'm rooting for Dak and CDI Can't because it's fruit of the poisonous tree. It's contaminated because he owns the team and the things that he's done. No, they're Just employed. So I'm I it's Called fruit. Have you, you know what the fruit of the poisonous tree is? Yeah. Absolute. Absolutely. Okay. So it's contaminated. I can't, but hey. And I like, I like a lot of the players. Yeah, I do. But I will call their ass out when I, I think they don't play to the level that the, of the standard that they should be. Yeah. As a player in this league, given the tenure. Absolutely. I'm gonna call him out. Absolutely. But nah, not them, not with with him.


Nah, I'm good. Oh, Joe Mike Evans extends his 1000 yard streak matches Jerry Rice all time. Instead of taking a knee and run out the clock, the Buccaneers won one last play to get Mike Evans $3 million bonus laugh. It was Mike Evans 11th straight 1000 yard season. Laugh. That's laugh. Now. Now you you, you see the difference. You see the, you see the difference. I wanted that GM knew that. You think that GM knew that Mike Ga needed the thought they Going right. They knew it because they talked about it on TV before it even happened. You know, Mike being able to reach his incentive. The $3 million incentive. Yes. The GM knew. He understood. He gonna make sure Mike got it.


No, that's, that's the difference. I love it. I love it. The difference. I love it. I love, I love when teams reward their players. Mike Evans has been nothing but a model citizen. Yep. For Tampa. He had an opportunity to possibly lead for greener pastures and free agencies. He took less money because his family was there. He's been great in the community. And he is like, you know what I want? I want to be a one Hillman guy. Oh yeah. And they rewarded him for that loyalty. They've been loyal to him. He's been loyal to them. He's been nothing but a great player and a great ambassador for that organization. And this is how it should be. Yeah. When someone have rewarded you with their play and their loyalty, I believe a team should pay that back.


Not all teams do this. Wow. A lot of times loyalty only goes one way. It normally goes player to team and the team never reciprocates that loyalty. Yeah. To the player. Like it's been reciproc because even Tom Brady, every y talk about to Brady did all that at the end of the day, what did the Patriots do? Hey, it's a dirty game. The game is the game business business. Mike Evans. Congratulations. One of the great receivers in NFL history. 11 straight seasons of a of 1000 receiving yards.


We thought that record was in jeopardy. O you remember he pulled his hamstring. He missed three games. Hey, but Baker said, bro, come on back. I got you. So Mike, congratulations. Very well deserved. 11 straight seasons of 1000 yards. Only Jerry Rice has more. 14. That's live. The Eagles defeated the Giants 20 to 13 shout around the league. Joe. Joe, Joe Ch Shine, sch will remain with the giants. But Brian Day ball is out. Ocho Yeah. Do you agree? Should Mara have put just cleared house?


You know what Chung with no quarterback, you knew what's gonna happen. Right? Who's the quarterback that, who was the, who was the GM that paid the quarterback? Yeah. Who was the GM that got rid of Shaquan? Yeah. Who was the GM that drafted Evan Neal? Who was that? Gm? Yeah. You right. But listen, I'm saying Fire and Brian Day ball and you bringing in someone new and you, you, you bringing them in. You're bringing in someone new to the exact same situation. Because until you resolve the quarterback issue, it's gonna be the same cycle repeating itself in the next two to three years until you get a quarterback in that you continue to build a team around.


Isn't hold on. Is that the coach job or the GM's job At the gm. Okay. So why the coach going in the GM stand? Because he picked those players. Well, you, you preaching to the choir. You preaching to the choir. But usually when you're a position of power, you get to call the shots and do what you want to do. You make mistakes. You don't have to take no accountability for Put that off on somebody else. Huh? It there it is. There it is. And that is exactly what they're doing. Well, you know what? I didn't do this right, but you know what? I'm gonna fire you. It's your fault.


The giant Look, the only thing that giants have, Malik Nabors is legit 109 catchers the second most in a rookie season. Brock Byers broke that record late. I think he had like one 10. He almost broke the, the record for the most catches by tight end. He finished a little, just a little short of Zach ER's record of one 16 Malik, my neighbors that catch that touchdown catch and run that he had sensational. Yeah, he looks, they got plenty of money. I'm trying to get a quarterback. Gotcha.


Maybe you need to stop gap. Now that doesn't stop me from drafting one draft one, but in the meantime, do I go out and do I pay a or do I pay a Sam Donald? Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Stop right there. Minnesota is not letting Sam Donald get up out that building. I can tell you that right now. Uhuh The man he traded Leonard Williams. Remember Leonard Williams played, had a heck of a season in Seattle. Yeah. Remember the man gave up two first round picks.


Hold in. Brian Burns in the Giants. Brian Burns came from Carolina to the Giants. Right. But somebody offered two first. Hold on. What'd he give up to get Brian Burns? They had, they don't, they didn't give up too much. But here's the thing, Carolina ed that up because somebody had two first rounds on the, on the table for him and they turned, they rebuffed that only to take a second of a fifth.


So, but it, it's just some thing. It is just stuff that, it was just stuff that, that the gentleman, I don't know how he keeps his job in Brian Day ball. I'm not, look, I'm not an advocate for Brian Day ball. Right. But I'm definitely not an advocate for the general manager. That was terrible. That's been terrible. Just awful. The Bears did something they haven't done OCHO since 2018. Oh yeah. They defeated the Packers on the walk off. 51 yard field goal. 24 to 22. Green Bay was right to play for the sixth seed in week 18.


But leaving the game with injury, Kristen Watson with a knee Jordan Love with an elbow. Scary times in Green Bay. You have to wait. There was no diagnosis after the game. So we'll have to wait. I'm sure they're gonna get MRIs tomorrow. Watson looked like a non-contact. It didn't look good. Yeah, it did not look good. Ojo Jordan Love elbow. He left the game did not come back. Caleb Williams, 21 of 29. 1 48 a touchdown. DJ Moore nine catches 86 yards on a touchdown. Kean Allen had three for 25. Malik Willis, 10 of 13.


Bro. Malik, if you want to play a lot long time in NFL, you better see that pre-release safety to hit you in your damn chest. Now you lucky that was a safety. What if that was a linebacker ocho? Ooh, It wouldn't have been nice. That wouldn't have been nice. How you not ocho? How you not see that? You see it, you know, you know when the game, when the game is moving. Unc Ocho, I, I'm a right-hand quarterback. Right. That guy hit me in my face. Do you know how hard it's for a guy to get a shot that ain't a block?


Yes. You right-handed That guy hit you in your face. Not too back. The left side is your blind side. Yeah. You are right-handed quarterback Ocho. Did he not hear the line? It looked like they lived the call. Right? Inman of the line of scrimmage is your guy. You gotta throw hot off him. He never saw him. Did, did the receipt, did receiver ran the hot rock. He didn't even look to see. He did know. I'm just being honest. I you remember early his rookie season, Justin Fields got caught with a shot just like that. Like that. Yeah. They knock his helmet off. Yeah, I remember that. I remember that. I remember that. You don't wanna take too many of those shots.


Not no clear shot like that. You will get enough hits in your back. You know, you throw the ball Ocho Right. And they get you at the last second, bro. You don't wanna make a living taking crash crash dummy shots like that. Yeah. As we was talking to C punk, I mean like, okay, I can, this is an the Bears. Show me a little something today. Ah, yeah, now it was, oh, Joe, it wasn't great. No, they only had a little over 200 yards. Yeah. 2 30, 2 40. But It gives you, it Gives you hope. But Caleb Williams was 21 of 29. Okay, that's good knife. He made some throws sometimes.


I think he tried to throw too much off balance, but the throw he had to DJ more was off balance, changed arm angles. But I think with the right coach, I think they could, I I think they got talent on the opposite side of I I really do. I was just, I was just getting ready to say that. You get the right coach in there, you know, with him. Boy, sky's the limit. Sky's the limit. You can see Kayla Williams gives you hope. Kaylee Williams gives you promise, you know, based on what you know you can do. Again, I say it about quarterbacks all the time. He plays good in stirs. But you can see the potential. Let him get the right coach in there and watch what happens.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Amazon one Medical presents Painful thoughts. I could catch anything sitting in this doctor's waiting room. Ugh. I can just wipe this runny nose on my jacket and the guy next to me sitting in a pool of perspiration insists on sharing my arm. Rest. Ugh. Next time make an appointment with an Amazon one medical provider. There's no waiting and no sweaty guy. Amazon one Medical Healthcare just got less painful.


This is Ashley ati from the Ben and Ashley Eye. Almost famous missed podcasts. Did you know that Future Health can help make weight loss resolutions come true? Future Health makes access to qualified doctors that know GLP ones easier than ever and for less than $3 a day. Get started with a quick three minute survey@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider, meds or prescribed at providers discretion results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly. Set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


Hey There, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway this new year. Make sure you take some time to take care of yourself and your family. Now through January 28th. Save up to 25% on all your favorite personal care essentials. Shop in store or online and stock up on all your favorite items like Treme, shampoo, ax deodorant, dove bar soap, dove, men's body wash and dove dry spray and save up to 25%. Offer ends January 28th. Restrictions apply, promotions may vary. Visit safeway.com for more details.


OCHO Yeah. Hands defeated the Falcons in overtime. Bryce Young does it. They walk it off. 44 38. Bryce Young accounts for five, five. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. Bingo. Three passing, two rushing as they beat the Falcons. 44 38 in ot. Falcons missed the playoffs. Ah, I think Bright. I think Carolina founded Quarterback of the future. They had him all along. Absolutely. Guys started making plays. If you go back and look at that game, look at them guys making plays. Coker made some hell of a plays Adam Thier made, I mean, guys made tough catches today.


Ocho that's what you have to do. Yeah. Guys have to make, I mean you have to make tough catches for a guy. I mean, damn the guy can't put it between the the all the time. Yeah. Just is anywhere in the vicinity. Just put it in the area. Yes. Help about, that's all I need. Especially you got a young quarterback, he's struggling. Make some tough catches. Let him get some confidence. He was 24, 25 or 34. 2 51. Three touchdowns. Michael Penn Jr. Had an outstanding day at a losing effort. Right. He was 21 of 36. 3 12, 2 touchdowns, one in interception. Bija Robinson had a monster day running the football. 28 rushes 170 yards.


Two tds. They ran the ball 36 times. 2 27. Drake, London Monster Day. Yeah. 10 catches a buck. 87. Two tds, 18 targets. Ray Ray McLeod had four for 66. Kyle Piss had two, three targets. Two, two catchers, 15 yards. There are a couple of players away. I think Carolina, look, I'm not saying they about to be Detroit, they about to switch this thing around. Yeah. But I know they got the quarterback now get, get him a little offensive line. Look, did a great job. He got no sacks. Protect him a little better. Get a couple of offensive linemen. Hey, you know What? Keep building.


If they get, if they get them. I ain't saying a, if they get like a, I'm not saying there is one out there like a Jamar Chase, Justin Jefferson, like a Malik Neighbors. Yeah. Yeah. I'm talking about one of them. Brian to Jr. Win them type like one of them type like Yeah, like, like that that boy, you know what I'm trying to say? Yes. I absolutely know what you're trying to say. Man, Listen, stop playing. You know too, because I like, I like Bryce Young. Yeah, he's frail. Yeah. He's five 10. Yeah. He's thin. Ocho. Yeah. He's never gonna be two 20. Yeah. So stop saying if he gain weight, he not, that's not his frame.


Yeah. His frame can't carry two 20. Yeah. And what is, That's like trying to, that's like trying to put a a 18 wheeler motor in a, in a Volkswagen. There's No point. What is 18? What is, what are you gonna do and help with his skillset set? Nothing. His Game. Nothing. You like it, you, you like him to gain a low weight to see if he can gain 10 pounds Ocho. Yeah, because he look like he about 180 or Cho. You want take some, you want to take some of that? You want some cushion to take some of them blows Punishment. Yeah, But he not going be, No, He not gonna be, he he's not gonna be an overly large man. That's not his frame. So we can stop that. But the passers win the final game of the season. 44, 38 in overtime. Bryce Young five touchdowns, three passing, two rushing.


You have to feel, he ha you have to feel good with what you saw with Bryce Young today. Those young receivers stepped up defensively. Look, they gave up, but they gotta stop when they needed it. And here we are. Yeah. Bryce Young did it. The Cardinals defeated the 49 ERs. 47 to 24. Kyle ends the season with a four touchdown day. It's Kyle Ocho. Lemme ask you this. Yeah. Do you keep Kyle try to build or what are you gonna do with Kyle? You Keep Kyle Bird? What you mean? Okay. Yeah. You, you keeping that, you keeping young boy Young Bulls Knight. You think Kyle's happy in Arizona?


Man, that's a good question, huh? I would think So. You have a, you have a, you have a, okay offensive line. You got James Connie, you got Marvin Harrison Jr. I mean, do you really, do you really, you look at the landscape of the NFL, any other team that you can go to, any other team you can go to, where you gonna go? I like it. He played, he played extremely well today. Yeah. 25 or 35, 2 42 4 touchdowns. Trey Mc Bryant got another touchdown. 7 65 1 touchdown. Marvin Harrison, Jr. Five or 6 3 1 touchdown.


Dort 4 4 47. Two touchdowns. Za Jones, I think that's Za Jones four for 46. They were out James Connor. But they ran the ball 27 times for one fifty one. Joshua Dobbs didn't play bad, turned the ball over, he got a cut down on turnovers. 29 or 43, 3 26. Ricky Piol six for 69 on the touchdown. Kyle Youth check had a touchdown. But when you turn the ball over On Caution free time, you you, you're probably gonna lose the game. Especially when you play on the road and 49 er defense.


All I know is Steve Wils. They defense didn't look like that when they asked Steve Wils called. That's all I'm saying. I I, I, look, that's all I'm saying. Right. I know Kyle, I've been knowing Kyle since he was this tall. Yes sir. Love to Sha ahead, but I'm just saying sometimes they keep what you got the Chargers defeated the Raiders 34 to 20. Jim Harbaugh 11 and six in the regular season. They travel. They're the, they're the five seed, right? They're the five seed. So they play Houston.


They could e they could win that game, won't you? Yeah, they absolutely could win that game. They, They could win that game. And also we could see a, a, a very, very good game from CJ Shroud as well. Yes. So it depend on what quarterback we see from CJ Stroud. This could be a, this could definitely be a scoring game. Mocho. Yeah. Yeah. I, I can see, I can see this game being a a 30, a 31. Easy, easy. 28, you know, 31, 34, 34, 33. Some type of game like that. Justin Herbert was 26 to 36. 3 46. Two touchdowns. Woo. They ran the ball 35 times for 1 37. Quentin Johnson, 13, he had a date, boy, a buck 86.


He had a lad McConkey five for nine, five distally, five for 42. JK Dobbins at 18 Rush 63 yard. Justin Herbert had four rushes for 42 yards. He had a long of 41. Haskins had 12 or 33. So they basically had, they had almost four, 500 yards of total offense. Jacoby Myers 9 1 23 a touchdown. Brock Bowers nine four for 50. It's hard to win without a coach. I mean, without a, a quarterback coach. Yeah. Yeah. I don't give a damn who you coach here. Did you see Coach Belichick?


Go check Coach Belichick's record without a quarterback. Don Shula Doner had all those wins. Don Shula coach, lemme tell you, Don Shula quarterback's work. Y'all might have heard of him. Johnny Unitas. Oh yeah. Bob Greasy. Oh yeah. Dan Marino. Have y'all heard of any of those quarterbacks? Oh, you have. Yeah. They wasn't no slouches either now. Yeah. All first Ball Hall of Fame Real deal. Okay. Okay. So, So you, you guys have heard of him, but man, look, John Harbaugh is gonna get some serious coaching to your consideration now.


I think Kevin O'Connell is gonna win the war going 14 to three of Minnesota and he did it with a back, a quarterback that many didn't expect it play. Right. I don't care what y'all say, Minnesota, if they thought, if they thought Sam Donna was gonna do this, they would not have drafted jj a quarterback. Right. Exactly. So we could put that to bed. But Jim Harbaugh, it normally takes him like a year To Get it going. He turned it around a lot sooner than people anticipated. We knew the turnaround was gonna happen because the turnaround has happened. Every place that he's been. Right. There's no denying this track record. You go back and look at San Diego, you go back and look at Stanford, you go look at 49 ERs, you go look at Michigan, the turnaround is gonna happen.


And it happened. So congratulations charges going to the playoffs. Congratulations coach Harbaugh. Yeah. The coach defeated the Jag 23, 26 23 in overtime. Pat McAfee suite was empty. At today's game, the Cols are retaining Shane Steichen and Jim Chris Ballard. Her Jim EY P Mac has been very outspoken. Yeah. He doesn't like the culture. Some of the players, they've been outspoken. They don't, they didn't like the critique that P Mac has offered. P Mac is Pat McAfee, I call him P Mac.


Right. P Mac have offered and they've kind of been going back and forth. So Joe Flacco was 23 or 42 64. One touchdowns, no interception. Jonathan Taylor, 34 rushes 177 yards. Mac Jones was 20 or 32, 2 25. One touchdown, one inception. Brian Thomas Jr. Ocho seven catches a buckle three. He was, he was, he was sensational. Again, but It's, I I, I think the thing is like what I had to do, Ocho, is I had to divorce myself from it. Right.


When you with an organization and you want the best for it. Right. And you see guys not playing and you become like, I was like, bro, I gotta stop because it's taking his toll on me and Right. And I, that's how PBA is. P might gonna have to divorce himself from that because he gonna give himself an officer. Yeah. Because he cares the team that he played for and he's, you know, he's big in the community. PMA gives back and he just wants what's best for the organization. And it's just hard when he don't, he doesn't think the players are playing or doing the right thing. That, that, that's conducive for winning.


Winning. Yeah. I, I, I understand, I understand where he is coming from, especially when you played for an organization. I'm not sure how long he played there, but I totally get where he, where he is coming from. Obviously. I mean, on, on my end, on your end, you've, you've never had to really to, to, to say anything when it came to the Broncos players or it came to the Ravens players because they've always given their all just in general, you know, when it comes to my Bengals, hell, I mean, outside of us having, you know, playing bad defense, you know, throughout the entirety of the season, outside of the back half, you know, I don't criticize them, you know, too much. You know.


But Pete Mac, hey, he, he got them boys hot boy. Yeah. He got 'em hot, he Got them boys hot For me. I just, like, I say what I said, I'm done with it. I'm not going back and forth with no players. Right, right, right. I'm not jealous of y'all. I don't care what y'all think. My job is to critique and analyzing. You know, I'm very passionate about what I do. Right. I don't take no malicious shots at you. I'm not talking about what you may or may not do off the field unless, like, obviously sometimes we have to talk about guys getting DUIs or doing things like that. So, but other than that, even if I know something, I keep it to the football aspect of it because I don't feel it's my fair. I'm not a, an investigative journalist or I'm not a tabloid journalist where I'm, I'm salacious details or things like that.


So it it, it's tough when you want, you want the team to win so bad and you don't think, you think guys, the team is not holding guys accountable and the guys are not being accountable. Right. Kind of goes hand in hand. You should be professional. Sometimes everybody's not gonna always be professional, but when they're not, that's when you step, that's one of an organization. Leaders coach step in and says, okay, this is what's required. This is what we expect you to do. But whatever reason that hadn't happen, Ocho So PBA said what he said, and a lot of the players didn't take too kindly to that. Now it's time for our last segment of the evening.


It's time for q and a. JP S World said Ocho gonna need a GWA to get all those Buffalo nickels to unc. LOL Big fan. You guys complete my e my evening every night. JPS Thank you bro. I appreciate that. Yeah. Ocho, you ain't gonna be able to put the Buffalo Nickels in that Ferrari. Listen, You don't, you don't want that money on, man. You don't want that money. I Do. I want it, I want, I want to get me some Chrome heart jeans. I want to get me a car, a chrome heart. A a a puffer. I wanna to get me, I want to get me. Richard, listen. Hold on, hold on. Listen. If you want some Chrome heart stuff, I got my dude working the designers to hear Miami.


His name is Arthur. Ask for him. Boom. There you go. He got you. Okay. What about that Richard Mill? Huh? Talk to Me. What about that Richard Mill? Oh, the Rich, the Richard Mille store is right. His, It ain't Richard Mille. It is Richard Mille. Okay. However you wanna say it. It's in Brickle. There's a Richard Mille store. I can see you, I can see the guy's information. I have his card. You okay? Treat yourself. 'cause I know you like watches. What about, what about the Ferrari? That's old. I've been had To f It ain't old. Yeah, it's Oh, that's Old. There it is right there. No. What happened to Saban?


I do save. No, no, no, no. You said OCHO is the attraction. He doesn't need a Ferrari. I don't, you don't need a Lamborghini. I drive a, I drive a smart car. I, I, I don't if you, if you notice I put on clothes be, it was a date night. I went on a, I went on a date with this chick. Okay. Chrome Heart Buffer Vest. 6,900 Chrome Heart Jeans ten five Richard. Our mill 300 K Air Force ones one 15. What, what model of Ferrari is that? FFF 90 F eight. Oh. So we go three 50. Huh. Interesting.


Hey, got it saved. Yeah. I, I do save so I can, I can listen. You not used to seeing me do this, but because I've saved over the years, because I am financially conscious, I can treat myself occasionally and, and peel a move like this 12 years removed from the game of football and, and not saying, Listen, when I wanted to treat myself, you told me no and not Blink your eye. No. I told, I told you, I told you don't be flying on no goddamn private for 50,000. Now that's Different. Hold on That Rich, that's six trips on with the Richard Mill. That Ferraris three 50, that 700. That's another six trips. And I can get, I can do a round trip with the Chrome Hearts outfit. So yeah, I'm good.


You know what? You, you can thank Nightcap because Nightcap, you know, they, they Zoo said everyone's personal life. Yeah. That's old money, man. That's old money Zoos. Everyone's personal life is for the internet except Ocho lady cheated. We talked about that. Damn. I don't know who did that. Travis girl went on LBJ went LBJ Jersey and all. And he talked about that. Now we got f off address. The elephant in the room, you're trending on Twitter. That ain't got nothing to do with me, guys. The news of the day. Absolutely. It doesn't, ain't what y'all want me to say.


Ain't got nothing to do with us. Yeah. That ain't got nothing to do with me. So there's nothing to address. Yeah. I don't know why everybody keep, if you notice everybody's posted it. They got me in the 42 pages. It don't mention nothing about Shannon Sharp did anything. But y'all want to get clicks. So y'all mention me, Right? Yep. I ain't got nothing to do with us TFS card. Watch DT F Service or the lives of team to beat the playoffs. And, and you should get a Sade for the interview this year. I wish we could get shot a, I don't remember last time. I, I've seen Sade with an interview.


I think the NFC championship game is gonna be between the Lions and the the Eagles. Ooh. Who you got? Who you got? Who you got? Who you got? If you made me pick right now, I'll take the, I'll take the Eagles. Yeah, I would. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. I like it. I know one Thing, marsh, your bill said from oh and 16 to running out of the end zone from, from bags of our head and calling our coach the clown for biting kneecaps. Y'all ain't making fun of us now. Bar Marsha Bill, you guys got a, the turnaround has been so, has been nothing, nothing short of miraculous.


You mentioned that. Oh, 16, the bag on your head to D I'm sorry you had a, a very bad moment, but you got, but, but what they've been able to do to turn around last year went to the NFC championship game. Seems like they're the team to beat or one of the two teams to beat this year in the NFC. Yeah. Fire marshal. You guys, y'all, y'all doing anything? Y'all doing anything? And I'm like I said, I don't really know anybody for the, the Lions. I don't, obviously, you know, you know the players, you, but I don't know any, I don't know, I don't think I've met any of these guys personally, but I'm happy for Barry, I'm happy for, for Megatron.


I'm sure they wish they could have had this kind of talent surrounding them to give them an opportunity to play for a Super Bowl, but hey, it happens when it happens. But congratulations to Detroit Lions number one seed in the NFC Dewan Hines. Congrats to the lion of why their fan base so weird. They act like they've been winning for decades and you can't even compliment or criticize them without them saying you are a hater or a bandwagon fan. That's what happens. I mean, you're right. They ever won a whole lot. I I, I hate bringing up the past though. We, we living in it now, but the lions do are doing right now.


It's special. It's, it's special. Especially for a coach to be able to come in and turn a franchise around that damn fast that that fast. And then you, we, we ain't talk about just coming in, just winning few games here, a few games there. We about they damn near running the table. But, but the Lions only lost two games this year, huh? Yeah. And they only lost two games this year. And then the fashion in which they win, they out there running stuff you run on, on at the Turkey bowl on Thanksgiving with your homeboy from The phone. Like, that's Me. You know? Yep. They, they make the game of football excite, man. They, they win. Yes. Different type of fashion, the entertaining fashion.


Then you have a coach who's on the sideline with his nuts in the goddamn wheelbarrow. You know, he like, yep, fourth and fourth and 20 goddamnit. We going for it. Let's go. Yeah. And I, I think you, you're right, Ocho and I think the thing is they can win a multitude of ways. We see them turn the ball over five times. Yeah. Still win a game. We see them get the shootouts and win a game. Yeah. They can win the games at a, at a a a a, a multitude of wage. Yeah. They can run it, they can throw it, they can put pressure on you and, and stifle you defensively. As we see Minnesota, a bare, high powered offense. And guess what? They shut 'em down. They shut him down. Impression.


So congratulations to the Lions headed to the playoffs for the second consecutive year. Tim Lee Ocho, the reason UNC and others give the Bingos fans such a hard time because the Bingos players and their fans talk so much. It ain't nothing, it's historically a bad franchise. It is because all you guys, you, the, the Bingos we're talking about the A FC runs through us. How whoa been, whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. The Bengals are outta the playoffs. Why are we still talking about us? Why we, we, we, we not, we not in it, but for some reason our name, Y'all were never in it Coming.


You Was talking. Y'all were never in the playoffs contentions, y'all. I told you, I said, Ocho, y'all don't control y'all own destiny. Y'all gotta hope. Well, I hope Miami loses. I hope the Broncos loses. Right. See, the Broncos didn't have to do no hope with win the game and we end Well, I told you what happened. I told you what happened. You understand how good and how dangerous you were towards the end of the season that Kansas City Chiefs purposely laid down. So there was no opportunity or chance that they would have to face it again. Because Why am I gonna run if risk, why am I gonna run run risk injury to, to, to, to, to benefit y'all? So I get Patrick Mahomes hurt. Then What? I didn't say anything about Patrick Mahome plan. I said, okay, You thought, hold on.


You thought that, you thought I told you this. I told you once they beat Pittsburgh, they were resting the final game. Right? No, I I'm Saying you talking about Carson win. Yeah. He's been a starter. Yeah. He'll find a way. I thought he was terrible thought. Listen, I thought he would've found a way, but he didn't. He Did. He didn't. It's all good though. We'll see you next year. Matter of fact. No. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hello. Matter of fact, I ain't gonna see you next year. I'm gonna see y'all after next week. We going, Hey, we gonna meet in Cancun. Matter of fact, I'm gonna book y'all flight. I'm gonna book y'all flight from Buffalo straight to Cancun. Oh, y'all want? Yeah. What y'all wanna go Jamaica to Bahamas?


Which one? Whoa, whoa. I'm just, I'm just asking you, Whoa, why you like this Ocho This is so unnecessary. I'm just asking you which one you want, because I hope you don't think y'all finna go into Buffalo and be, and be got and be Superman. Oh, you the same guy that said that Kansas City was gonna beat us today. Were you not that guy? Oh. And you see how y'all offense move when T Higgins got hurt? Y'all better not let t go. How y'all gonna play? How y'all have a $30 million receiver, a $55 million quarterback and a $40 million receiver? Oh, and Hendrickson led the NFL in Sacks again.


Ooh, he gonna command a big payday. Are you sure? Why we talking about the Bengals right now? We not in the playoffs. Let's talk about the Broncos. Y'all won night, but y'all will be home next week. Hey, Hey, dirty. The sell, the celebration is gonna be shit. Owe me money. He won't pay. I said, Hey, dirty a ocho, pay my money. It's getting ugly. I need that ocho. Hey, I, I've been trying to you, but I've been trying to pay you for the past two hours. You Ain't even trying to pay me. You ain't even trying to pay me harder. No Ocho, if I read up here, knock out my money. Be Trouble. Anybody in the chat? Anybody in the chat wants this 4,000 at unc?


Oh man, let me know what You mean. I owe uncle Oh uncle, I mean that I owe unc.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Amazon one Medical presents Painful thoughts. I could catch anything sitting in this doctor's waiting room. Ugh. I can just wiped his runny nose on my jacket and the guy next to me sitting in a pool of perspiration insists on sharing my armrest. Ugh. Next time, make an appointment with an Amazon one medical provider. There's no waiting and no sweaty guy. Amazon one Medical Healthcare just got less painful.


This is Ashley ATI from the Ben and Ashley. I almost same as podcast. What if I told you that Future Health can help you make weight loss resolutions come true long lasting weight loss results all for less than $3 a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Get started with a quick three minute survey@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


Hey there, It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway this New Year. Make sure you take some time to take care of yourself and your family. Now through January 28th. Save up to 25% on all your favorite personal care essentials. Shop in store or online and stock up on all your favorite items like Treme, shampoo, ax deodorant, dove bar soap, dove, men's body wash, and dove dry spray and save up to 25%. Offer ends January 28th. Restrictions apply, promotions may vary. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly. Set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at greenlight.com/iheart


Ocho. Matter of fact, double or nothing be that, be that 4,000 on. You bet that 4,000. Nah. Listen, be that bitch. Your team was the Bengals. My team was the Bronco. You I, whoa. I'm going for the be be that double or nothing. Double. Double or nothing. No. Yeah. Scared money. Don't make no money. What? What you trying to do? I Made money. I got four grand. Now you need to run me that ocho. Y'all see this man? Now he don't even like the bills. He want to bet on another team to do something that his team couldn't do, which was getting the playoffs Ain't not a thing. And we beat y'all though. That's all that matter. We beat Y'all. Yeah. No, no, no. What did that get you? We beat Y'all. What did that do? Get you.


It don't matter. We beat y'all. We got more rec. We got more wins than y'all. We in the Playoffs. We'll see next year. Whoa, man, we gotta wait that long. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. We'll talk about this in Cavo next week. We about this in Cavo. I gotta wait that long. I gotta wait next year for the Bingos to get to the playoffs. Come Again. I Gotta wait till next year for the Bingos to make the playoffs. Unless you play Madden. Yeah. Did y'all make the playoffs last year? Damn. Did y'all make the playoffs last year? Who talking about last year? You see what you just did? You about that? You just asked. You just asked. You just asked me a question. Did y'all make your, you said you didn't wanna talk about that.


I don't like talking about old stuff. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Dr. Frankie l Bella Mc doc. Happy New Year doc. It is so good to see a, a, a a, a chant from you and hey fam, what's good as a cowboy fan? I like to officially apologize, but whatever that was on the field today, y'all. What the, y'all been what? The elephant left on the showground all year. Y'all know what? The elephant left on the showground. Y'all I like you, but I'm not disappointed by this result.


I don't think anybody is. Tyron said, what's up Acho Houston, Texas fans here. Do y'all think Tyreek would be a good, Tyreek would listen, everybody's gonna ask this. Tyreek Tyreek is a good fit. Anywhere, Any damn. The question is, what is the compensation? If the Dolphins aren't ways, what is the compensation that they're looking to get now? They're gonna look to get the compensation that they gave up to get it now. 30 million. I think he's making 30 million. He's probably got what, four years left on that deal. 30 million here. Probably $120 million. That's not a lot of money for a guy like Tyreek. Yeah.


Yeah. I hope things work out in East State. You know, cooler heads. Cooler heads will prevail. Oh, so he doesn't want to stay because he knows his quarterback is injury prone and his future is tied to the quarterback. Because, and I told you Huntley is no Ocho I don't like, I don't like you talking about my team because I don't see, I don't see him talk about Bo Nicks when I talk about Bo Nicks, he Not talking about we the playoff. Hey, why you talking about Bo? I Know when I talk, when I do talk about Bo Nicks, I praise him. I talk about how good he is, how, how stellar his play has been off. That Man was 26 or 29 for 3 21 and three tails.


How could you not praise it? I'm, I would praise him all season long. You didn't hit me. You should. I'm not talking about this game got 10 wins this minute. Hold on. I know y'all ain't got no rookie quarterback. What? The quarterback in Cincinnati, Joe Burrow. Hey, y'all didn't get 10 wins. If we got 10 wins with a rookie. Imagine if Bo had Jamar Chase, Jamar Chase would be in the playoffs. Man. Hey stop, stop playing my team man.


Man, both of your team missed the playoffs. That's, that's fine. Both of my team's in the play. Oh, So you notice that both of your team missed the playoffs? Both of my teams in the playoffs. That's fine. You know what, it is one of those years and it's, it's like life. Life has obstacles and it has hurdles. And this is one of the hurdles that we happen to stumble over this year. And if you notice the Ravens win the Super Bowl in 12 year increments. 2000, 2012. 2024. I like that. I like it. Who, who did that? Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa. I We don't need you like anything. Your bingo B and Ravens don't get along.


Birds do not bird do not like cats. I like Lamar Jackson. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Stop this. He from, he from Florida. That's all Za flowers. He plays from Ravens, they flowers, he from Florida, they from home. We put all that, we put that to the side. We are a raving play like a Raven. I'm able to separate the two. I'm able to separate the two. You ain't got no choice. AJ m who they trump Uncle Cho. Who? What's huh? Who? They Win day, win day. When they gonna make the playoffs again? Win day. Win day again. When day when they gonna make the playoffs again?


Never Next year. And y'all stole the chant. Y'all stole the first chant because they the who That y'all talking about. Who? They We, we had our chant way before them. That now I, I would give you a history lesson, but I'm not gonna go there right now. Y'all Ain't even know nothing. Y'all been bad. The bingos been bad. Ocho. Y'all been bad for a long, long time. Y'all need to stop this notion that y'all been good. You haven't. We've had seasons. You haven't. We've Had now you got the potential to do something. Potential means you ain't done ish yet. That's what potential means. You haven't done ish.


We'll be there. Don't worry about it. Be Where, Keep on laughing Y'all. Hold on. Y'all do know in order to get there, Lamar Jackson owned the bagels. Listen, I don't want to listen All them. We'll see, I'm gonna let y'all finish the season out. I'm gonna let y'all finish the season now. Oh Joe, y'all got practice on, y'all got practice on Monday, Tuesday this week. Who? I don't play no more. Bing. I'm retired. Bengals. Y'all got, they got practice. What time practice? What they practicing for?


I mean looking at, y'all look like y'all didn't practice none this year. I was asking that. What you, what y'all practicing for Vince? All I said ugly Ocho used to say the word used to say he would tell Chris McAllen to his routes because he knew he couldn't stop him. Was there play on defense? He used to bully because you knew they couldn't stop. You all love them. Yeah, I used to. I used to bully Ray. Oh Lord have mercy. I used to. You ain't bully nothing. Used to bully Ed Reed. I used to bully Suggs, you know, be in they head talking the whole game. Y'all ain't gonna do nothing with me. Did y'all Ever beat the rapists? Yeah, all the time. Look at my numbers.


Y'all ain't beat the Rapists. Listen, I can't. I can't control the team's outcome. I can control my individual's performance against said team now that I can do. Yeah, I know. I lost one game against the Bengals one. I wasn't there One. I wasn't there One game. I wasn't there. We Played them. Let's see, we played them in 91 and we played them in. Oh we played. Oh we played 'em when you was there. You was there in oh two and we beat y'all Didn't, that's when Prime was there, right? We beat y'all in oh two Prime was there. I was with the Broncos. Broncos.


I don't remember that game. Huh? Don't worry about it. You didn't do nothing. I wouldn't blame that when you'll think you had one catch. I wouldn't remember it either. But you caught that l go look it up. Probably. I probably wasn't playing yet. Oh, you were playing. Were you on the team? Yeah, I was on the team but I probably wasn't playing yet. That was my rookie year. Sheldon Pope said, oh, what are your thoughts on Bull's retired D Rose number. That's lie Youngest MVP ever. You just always think what could have been had the injuries not happened, what could have been? Mm. I think it's a great thing.


I don't think they got a whole lot of players numbers retired. I think Bob Love, I think Jerry Sloan obviously. Mike Scotty. I'm not, I'm not, other than that I really don't know a whole lot of Bulls players other than you know, love and Jerry Sloan and, and and and and MJ. Scotty. But D Rose going up there. He's a Chicago kid, went to Simeon High School. So Congrats D Rose Brandon. Hey guys. Want to clarify what I was saying yesterday at my job we were doing Secret Santa and my crush Secret Santa and I was my crush Secret Santa.


I bought her a $17 necklace from Amazon. Oh. With her name on it. Okay. I was thinking outside of the box. That younger coworker, he thinking about that box. Yeah. He thinking inside the box. Yeah. Yeah. You thinking outside the box. He thinking about the box. Man, if you don't go snatch that chain, I told you what to do now. I told you what to do. Don't do that. Don't leave with no money, don't leave with no gifts. No, you have to have a, have a great understanding. If it's not being reciprocated, don't start that gift buying shit. Don't, don't do that. Don't do that. 'cause she gonna be with you all for all the wrong reasons. Even if it is only a $17 necklace. Come here. Hey Teddy, come.


You okay? You think Teddy a Broncos fan? Yep. As a matter of fact, he gonna have one. His Bronco Shark Jersey. He got custom Shark Jersey. You have it on. Look at PJs. How you come about these PJs buddy? He don't talk. Yeah, he Broncos won Bingos didn't Buddy You snorting the mic.


Snorting the mic. Hold on. O you know what that is. You know what that means, right? Ocho? What show's over who we got? What we who? Hold on, hold on, hold on. I mean the show's about to be over. Y'all season is over. Time has come, The end is near Baby Blue.


Don. I just go in. Oh I know Karma can be a B but until they take that victory lap, you deserve this moment. Ocho run on that fou kt. So the, the Stripe kittycat going to the next season with some good luck. Nah, they not. You don't need good luck. We'll see y'all next year. We gonna let Unc have his, have your little moment. Enjoy your little la portier, you know, 'cause next week when we on the show next week, oh boy. You better be ready boy. You better be ready. You better Be Cal Simmons. Hey, I'm having Josh Allen jersey and all. Whoa, whoa.


Why you wearing somebody else? I don't do that now. You know I got the Ravens helmets back there, right? Yeah. Okay. I got two teeth in the playoffs. Right? Okay. Okay. Oh, So you gonna jump off when? Off one? Whoa. What you mean jump off? What you mean jump off? If you go back and look at the Ravens in 2000, I was on the team that originally won the Super Bowl. Don't do that. Don't Joe. Alright. Okay. Calv Simpson under Notte, your longtime fan since before lobster and condoms, if Campbell wins, Detroit Super Bowl wins Detroit Super Bowl.


Y'all think he would leave his house go wide open and not get robbed. How far would they go to honor him? Well, if he went to Super Bowl in Detroit, they better build a statue with all the long suffering Yeah. That, that Detroit has had. Yeah. And to win a Super Bowl after all the, what that city has gone through. Right. He ain't gotta pay for nothing. Nothing. You know what? Don't y Rightfully so. What currency is, is the yin or the wan or the ruble? The who? The ruble. I live in the states. I don't know.


I want you to get me some. I want foreign money. Nah, we what? You need foreign money for you. We not in the farm country. You listen man. Try to tell me what I need this fuck I might wanna buy. I buy, I I I think I get look at the price of of a, of a miniature cow. A miniature goat or a miniature horse. I'm gonna give me, I'm gonna give me a a a I'm give me a, what's it call gonna get me a miniature cow and name him dumpling. You know what? I wanna see how much it costs too. A mini cow costs between five and seven.


I think I could spring for another, another foul and get me dumpling. What about a mini gold? Oh they ain't that much. They buy, you get something between 1500 6500 depending on the size. Oh yeah. I get mini goat. I give me a bunch of mini goats for 4,000. They're between 40 and 400. I can get me 10. I get me a little hurt. Get me a couple of burn die cars because they like to stand on abandoned cars and stuff. Oh yeah. Want mini goat? I like it.


That concludes it guys. We want thank Ocho and I wanna really thank you guys for tuning in with. We have some fun tonight. Gotta love you too buddy. Please make sure y'all hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed. I am your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharp, that guy. Liberty City Zone Bingo's Ring of Fame artery. No pro vote, no playoff self all pro bingo legendary. Chad Ochocinco, Cancun Johnson. Check out Shade by Laport.


Yay. Celebrate playoff teams. I know you wanna celebrate. What better way to celebrate going to the playoffs then with a bottle of Shea by La Poitier. If you can't find it in a city or state near you, order it and we'll ship it directly to you. We wanna make sure you celebrate accordingly, please. Drake Responsibly. Now go check out my media company page on all of its platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We got t-shirts, sweats, Phoenix cos and mugs from our latest release. Quantities are limited so please grab yours while supplies last and tickets for our Super Bowl show in New Orleans. It's our first tour spring stop.


It's on sale now. The linkage pen at the top of the chat. February the sixth in New Orleans. Be there. We got great guests lined up for you. Thank you for your support. The lions dominate the vi, the Vike when the number one C with a 15 and two record. Overall they get the first round by the Vikings. Go on the road to take on the number four seed. Los Angeles Rams. The Broncos defeat the Chiefs 38 to nothing. Earn the number seven seed. Ah. And they'll play the number two seed, which are the buffalo bills. You know what that means?


Okay, somebody going going. Let's see ocho, the Jets take down the dolphins 32 to 20. What could have been, what could be possibly Aaron Rogers last game, Tyreek Hill talked about the game, talked about he's tired of losing franchise player being injured. He talked about two. So he spoke as if he might need, he might want a change of scenery. The Patriots defeated the bills. 2316 J May was informed after the game. He will not be coming back as the head coach next season. We couldn't and done the Cowboys lose to the commanders.


23 to 19, Mike Evans in a victory won over the New Orleans Saints extended his streak of consecutive thousand yard seasons. He has 11. The record is 14 held by Jerry Rice and in the process of going over 1000 yards, he hit a bonus that earned him an additional $3 million. Wow. The Eagles minus the lot of their starters, defeated the Giants. 20 to 13, the Bears won for the First time against the Packers since 2018, 24, 22 The Panthers defeated the Falcons in overtime.


They walking off. 44, 38, young five touchdowns, three passing, two rushing Carolina. The Cardinals defeated the 49 ERs. 47, 24 charges defeated the Raiders. 34 to 20. The coast defeated the Jags. 2326 in overtime and that completes Nightcap. Guys we're off tomorrow, but we do have a show on Wednesday, so no show tomorrow. We'll see you Wednesday. Thank you for joining us. So we go Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday. Damn.


So we got a little break ocho, we got Monday and Tuesday off and then we line up for six straight days because the college football playoffs, NFL playoffs. And because the NFL game, there's a Monday night game for the playoffs for the First time. So yeah. Thank you guys. I appreciate your guys' support and we'll see you on Wednesday. The Volume


At David's bridal love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom dress and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person. Look an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more at davids bridal.com.


Amazon one Medical presents. Painful thoughts. I could catch anything sitting in this doctor's waiting room. Ugh. I just wiped his runny nose on my jacket and the guy next to me sitting in a pool of perspiration insists on sharing my armrest. Ugh. Next time, make an appointment with an Amazon one medical provider. There's no waiting and no sweaty guy. Amazon one. Medical healthcare just got less painful.


A, B, C Wednesday, Tim Allen and Kat Dennings star in the new family comedy. Shifting gears, Dad, I am broke and I need a place to stay until I figure out what the rest of my life looks like. So a couple Of days come open When his daughter moves back in the last time he walked out that door, you looked back at me and gave me a double bird. I was 18. The double bird was how I ended all our conversation. The wheels come off. Can We try to talk to each other like rational adults? Have you watched the news lately? That's not a thing anymore. Series premiere Wednesday, eight seven Central on a, B, C, and Stream On Hulu.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's doo.com.


Kroger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back score. Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone.