
You're listening to an iHeart podcast.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back, and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


Kickoff summer with Memorial Day savings at Lowe's. Right now, get five Scott's Naturescapes, one and a half cubic foot mulch bags for just $10. Plus, get up to 40% off select major appliances and save an extra $50 on every $500 you spend on select major appliances, $396 or more. Lowe's, we help you save. Val 5 28 mulch. Shopper excludes Alaskan Hawaii selection varies by location while supplies last. Sea lows.com for more details.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Titos Handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Tito's made in Austin, Texas. Real attention to detail. I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice refreshing, easy Summer, winter, spring, totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, the perfect time to kick back with some Tito's. It's what I pour you should too. Distilled and bottled by Fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


Wanna feel more creative but don't have the right laptop. lenovo.com can help look through our legendary lineup of AI powered PCs and devices and find the one that fits your passion. Our PCs powered by Intel core ultra processors, as well as cutting edge AI tools allow students to focus, learn, and create with ease. That's the power of Lenovo with Intel Inside Plus college students and teachers can get 5% off their order. Shop now on lenovo.com. The future's waiting and it needs you.


The volume ocho. Lemme know what you think about this. Saquon Barkley believes the 2024 Eagles are and should be remembered as a top five team of all time. I firmly believe when you look at our team and what we had last year, I think we're a top five team of all time. If you really look at the season outside of our first four games, it was built to ask. But you can look out outside the first four games. That's the whole point. We gotta take it in its totality. Collectively. Yeah. As As a group. Every single game. Listen, they they were good. May maybe a maybe the the the the back half a top 10 team, huh?


Yeah, back half of a top 10 team. They play. If I take out that Super Bowl game, the Patriots are the greatest team all time. If I just take out that Super Bowl, but I can't ocho You can't at all. But listen, Saquon is is right in a sense, not top five, but that damn team was really good, especially on both. They really Good. Yes. Hey, on both sides of the ball at that, yes. At both sides of the ball. That goddamn damn de de gene. Please hear what I'm saying. Cooper Deja. Yeah. Cooper Dejon, right? Yeah. And that Keon Mitchell to have the rookies LeBron who came in from New Orleans Saints to have the rookies step up the way they did and have those that came from other teams. LeBron played phenomenal.


Yeah. That guy that that front floor. And then me, I'm not even gonna miss Jalen Carter. Listen, the cherry, the the cherry on top of the ice cream was them getting Saquon Barkley from the York Giants and put 'em over the top. Yes. Put 'em over the top. And I really honestly think, UNC, I don't wanna scream Dynasty too soon, but what But what they have, there's a chance they can be back again. Oh yeah, for sure. There's a chance that Injuries is a big key and the thing, it is hard to, the reason why it's so hard in football Lo cho because it's one game. Yeah. All it takes is you have one bad game and you going home. Yeah. Yeah. You going home. So, and, and, and, and, and when you don't play a series sports, which football isn't a series sport, right?


It's a game seven. Every game. The Wild card game is a game seven. The division round is a game seven. That's right. Obviously the championship game is a game seven. The Super Bowl is a game seven. So you are playing potentially 2, 3, 4 game sevens. Yeah, man. And there's no mar there's really no margin for error because it's not necessarily the best team. It's the team that plays the best that given day that day. Yeah. That Sunday, that Saturday or whenever the case, it may be Ocho who plays the best that day. But I do think they're good to look. I mean, we go back and we look at some of those 49 ERs teams of the eighties. We look at the Cowboys of the nineties, our teams, the Broncos in 2000 and excuse me, in the nineties, the Patriots teams, bro.


The Steelers of the seventies. Yeah. Hell, whoa. The Packers of the 60 that mean they're they're lot the two Hey, the two, the 2000 Ravens. Yeah. Yeah. It's so, it's so many teams. Yeah. Were very, very good and very worthy of being top five. Yeah. Top 10. But for Saquon's sake, because they played so well on the back end, on both sides of the ball. I will give, I will give 'em credit. But top five is, it is a little, Yeah, that's, I think that's a stretch. Hey, the way they played Big Quad. You, you, you had an unbelievable season. The team had an unbelievable season. Congratulations. But I don't know about that. Top five Steelers on the Art Rooney previously said at the start of April that the team would not wait forever on Aren Rogers to sign.


Rooney said last month, Rogers wants to come to Pittsburgh, but Rogers has not made any public pronouncement about his intentions. And then today Rooney will ask again about how long the team is willing to wait for him to make a commitment a little while longer. I'll say the same thing. The Steeler star OTAs next week, and they run through June 5th, three day mandatory mini cap that ends off season program wraps up June 10th. So to make a long story short, art Rooney II is willing to wait however long it take to get Aren Rogers. I mean it's Aren Rogers obviously. I I've told you, I told you what the leverage is. The leverage is what you did in the past.


What he was able to do in the past is why he can have a team, a team organization like the winning Steelers who had what, five, six Bowl trophies if I'm six. Six, yeah. Six. He has the leverage right now because of what he's accomplished in the past, not what he did with the Jets. They're not looking at that. No. They're looking, hoping that we can get somewhat just a splash of the Aren Rogers of old, because what we have right now is not gonna cut it. Yeah. It's definitely not gonna cut it. So we're, we're willing to wait. And that's the leverage that quarterbacks have when they are great in the NFL, especially on the back end of their career. The Aren Rogers are old, but the Jets got an old Aren Rogers still Aren Rogers, but there are two different players.


Yeah. But like you said, I mean, you are in that division. You got Burrow. Hey, you got Lamar to deal with. Hey. And so in order for you to have a chance to win, you're gonna have to have exemplary quarterback play. Got to You. Got And and, and they feel that he gives them the best opportunity. I I heard what they said about Mason Rudolph and anybody else. No, no disrespect to him. No disrespect to Mason Rudolph. He's had his time. He's he's had his running in in, in, in, in Pittsburgh. We know what that looks like. He's a, he's a, he's a quarterback. A journeyman. He's not Aren. If, if Mason Rudolph was what the Steelers and Mike Tomlin want us to think, want us to believe, he would've never been went to Tennessee.


Thank, thank you. He'd have still been their quarterback and they would not have been waiting for Aren Rogers. Yeah. They would've not. They would've not went and got Justin Fields and Russell Wilson last year. If Mason Rudolph was what they telling, what they try to believe. Oh, we have confidence. Y'all had so much confidence in them. Y'all let him go to Tennessee. Listen, That's, that's all, that's, that's all words. That's all hot air. They have to say those, they have to say those things. They got to say the right thing. Especially when the individual is back in the building, You know, you don't believe in them. You, you, You know, you don't, You know, he's not to get the job done. Second, second string quarterback, third string quarterback. If that you need Aren Rogers.


Which is why you waiting, because there's only so many quarterbacks out there you can go get. Yeah. You not finna get none of 'em now. Nah, it's Oh, it's a wrap. Yes. What you ain't have, you won't be getting, so you only got one choice. That's Aren Rogers. Ocho Brock Purdy says he's a hundred percent a top 10 quar, top 10 quarterback in the NFL. I'm a top 10 quarterback. I'll leave it at that. Purdy is now the seventh highest paid quarterback in the NFL. Purdy says he took less money because he doesn't need every penny for himself and wants the team to win. Obviously I want to get a deal what I deserve. Also surround myself with guys around me, not just try to take every penny for myself.


He signed a five year, 265 million with 181 million guaranteed. If you look at your screen, you'll see what he's gonna make after taxes. 53 million Federal income tax is gonna take 19,567,892. California is gonna take 7,529,000 federal payroll tax. 1000, no 1,254,000 1 53 California SID tax, $1,686 total in taxes, OCHO 28 million 3 52 7 31.


He gets to bring home a little less than 25 million. Mm. I I'm, I'm gonna address this. Top 10. This this top 10, top 10 quarterbacks. You wanna address the top 10? Yeah. Okay. It is Brock Purdy chat. Chat. It is Brock Purdy a Top 10 quarterback. Is he? Yeah. I mean, I, you, you be shit. He's, he said it not me. I wanna Run through, but I'm asking you, is he a top 10 quarterback? I Wanna run through the top quarterbacks before I even answer that question. Okay. Who, who we got? Let's, let's go through our top five. Right? Well go ahead. I'm gonna let you go ahead and name a five. Okay, let's, let's, let's go. Joe Burrow, Lamar Jackson, Josh Allen, Jalen Hurt.


We who? Jalen Hurtz. Okay. Four. This man done named four quarterbacks and not one of 'em named Mahome. Jerry Goff. I'm gonna keep y'all. Stay with me. Stay with me now. Patrick Mahomes. Jerry Goff. Patrick Mahomes. Where I'm at at seven. Seven. You want CJ Stroud. CJ Stroud. Jayden Daniels. Jayden Daniels. That's 10. Jordan Love. Oh my goodness. Jordan Love. That's 11. Okay. Matthew Stafford. Hell yeah. I forgot about, Hey, gun slinging Stafford. That's 12. That's 12.


Come on. Who else? Who else I'm missing somebody. Well, that's 12. That's 12 guys right there. Yeah. I mean, listen, I, I love, I love Mark Purdy. I love what he was able to do. And, and you didn't mention, you didn't mention Dak. Okay. You didn't mention who else, Daniel. Yeah. You said Jayden, Daniel. Yeah. So that's 12 right there. So you got per, huh? I, now I'm getting ready to tell you I love Brock Purdy and Shanahan's system. Yes. I love Brock Purdy. I love the way he looks when all the pieces are in place. Deebo, IUK, trim Williams officer line is intact. Christian McCaffrey. And I, I have a question. There's no disrespect to Brock Purdy because he plays extremely well and does what's asked of him in that specific system.


Can you take a Brock Purdy and take away all the talent that's around him? Will he still look the same as a Brock Purdy saw with all the elite talent around him? I think the thing is The type of quarterback that get elevated team, That's the thing. That's the word I want you to use. Have a quarterback, the elevator team without adequate talent. Ron, is he that type of quarterback? Right? I'm asking you. Yeah, that's the word I wanted you to use. I didn't want you to strip all the talent because every quarterback has talent, but I believe there are certain quarterbacks that elevate the talent that they have. That's what made Brady special. Brady could elevate the talent. Now, as he got older, he needed people to help elevate him. Right. That's okay. But he had 18, 19, 20 years of elevating others.


So if he wanted to get a little help the last couple years, by all means I, we, I I welcome that. Yes. I don't look at, I don't, I don't look at Brock Purdy as a multiplier. What I mean by that, I don't believe he can just take ordinary people and make them, make them great. Really good. Great. Right. I think, You know, he takes, he, I mean he could, can he get the ball there? But Christian McCaffrey's pretty good without him. Kittle was kittle without him.


Very good. I think Deebo had that all pro year without him. So he's a really good, he understands the offense. He gets the ball out of his hands. He doesn't have the, he he, he throws with great anticipation. Great. Because he doesn't have the strongest arm. So he has to let the ball go. Yeah. A lot sooner than a lot of these quarterbacks do. And, and, and, and in Kyle's system, it's, it requires you to have a great understanding of that offense. It has you, it, it, you have to have a great recall process. Information like this. Yeah. Yeah. He's, he's good at it. That's why, that's why I said He's, I wanna talk about the, I wanna talk about how this man make 53 million and he gonna come home with 24 million.


How Uncle Sam get to take how, how Uncle Sam get to take 28 and give you 24. But that, that's the way it work. You know, uncle Sam, No, I want to give you 24 and I take 28. Boy Uncle Sam worth, that's, that's why Uncle Sam, you always see, notice he always pointing at you. And that finger mean When you talking about he want you, I want my money back. That's what I want. Federal man, 19 mil. Well, Since they slash Medicaid, I ain't paying no Medicaid tax no more. I ain't paying that. So stop taking it out by check.


Nah. Hey, all food with a Sambo Cho. Yeah, man. Mm. I I'm, I'm gonna say don't play by. Yeah. I I I'd rather pay him more than I owe than not pay him enough. Because honest mistake is still gonna cost you interest. Yeah. Yeah. They interest, they interest hit different. Now they don't give you the, the interest that they charge you versus the interest that they give you on your money. Right. Is two different things. Yes, sir. Two. But look, I I, I, I do think he's earned his contract. Ocho, Mr. Relevantly, he's gone to two NFC championship game. He's taken a tune to the Super Bowl. He's gone to a Pro Bowl and, and this is the going rate for a quarterback.


Right. A good man. And like, look, Look, everybody can't listen. Everybody can't be top five. Even when I was in the league Ocho, there weren't a whole lot of top five quarterbacks there. There's your core, there's your elite, elite guys, then you got guys underneath. But guy's gonna, You know, hey quarterback's going command a premium. That's just the way it is. Yeah. He plays a premium position. It's just like Ocho, you wanna go live in San Diego, you gonna play premium, you want to go live in the Bay, you gonna play premium. You live in Bel Air, you live in Beverly Hills, you live in Brentwood, you live in Harley Harm Hills, you live in Malibu. You are going to pray a premium for those locations.


Right. Well he plays quarterback. He doesn't have to be Mahomes in order to get Mahomes esque money. No, No. He's a very, very good quarterback. He's a tier two quarterback. He's a yes. That plays extremely well and does what he's asked of in that specific system. Yes. Very, very efficient level. Week in and week out. I mean, boy, I be crying, but You know, the thing is Ocho like people like, man, just be glad you got it. Okay. That don't mean I want to give it away. The whole re I mean, because You know, you growing up Ocho you just see that big number. You like, you ain't even thinking about no taxes.


What? Taxes. Oh, it's coming out. You don't, it don't even cross your mind because the only time you, you didn't have to deal with, the only time you worry about taxes, you go buy soda and you paying 2 cents or you buy gum or something like that and you pay a little, little, do You know? Damn. Oh Yeah. That's what you gotta edu That's what you gotta educate people on OCHO is that hey, yeah, that thing might save 15 million, but you not bringing home 15 million. Chop that in half baby de De depending on where you are. Yeah. That could be half or more than half. Yeah. Chop it off. Yeah. So I, I'm just saying, just, just fy so while you, oh man, I'm gonna buy this, buy this.


Okay. You know what I'm saying? Gonna want his cut. He want his Yeah, He want that. And so, yeah. But that he, he's deserving Ocho. I mean, and, and You know, they took care of a, I love when teams take care of their guys. That's been really, really well and don't all that playing around and we got a handshake deal and we gonna get this done. Well, he is under contract, man. Go ahead and pay that man. Yeah, you do this every year. That's what, that's why you find yourself in the position that you're in Cowboys. 'cause you wait till the umpteenth hour On purpose. Because the thing is, I don't, I don't get why fans don't have a problem.


Oh, take a discount. Y'all think, y'all think these teams give these TV TVs, these companies deals, these media rights ain't got no deal. You paying premium. Any, any advertiser or sponsor are paying a premium for these teams. Yeah, but Oh no, but you're the player of a, I I I don't, I I never understood that. I, I never understood how fans can be so ingratiating of billionaires and be so hard on the millionaire. The loyalty is to the team, not the player. Huh? Always true. Always willing. Because I, I was, I was a fan of that team before you ever arrived.


So when you leave, when you retire, whether they trade you, whether you get cut, you retire. Cowboy's still my team. Yeah. The Ram's still my team. The Ravens or the Bengals or the whomever, the Broncos. That's still my team, whether you're there or not. So naturally the loyalty lies to the team. But I wish they underst You know, they understood. But hey, it is what it, we ain't changing nobody's mind now, Ocho they, they, they've been, they've been a fan for an extremely long period of time. A lot of times you grew up, that's who your grandfather or your, your father, your mom or whomever family members, that's who they root for.


Yeah. You grew up rooting for that. And even though you don't live in the same city where that team played in, you go spread your wings. And that's why when you see the Steelers hit the road, that's why they have a lot more people in the home team. When you see the Cowboys or the Packers or the Broncos, that is why The Eagles. Eagles because they, they travel, they grew up watch. That was my team. And when I became an adult, that's still my team. And guess what I tell my, my kids and then my kids grew up. That's their team. Right. Sometimes they branch out like, nah, I gonna get my own team. I, You know, I wanna thank for myself, I wanna do my own thing. But for the most part, Ocho, that's, that's, that's the, that's the way it worked. Right Now you got, You know, new teams that just popped up.


But every, everybody, I mean the last what, the last 10, well, 2002, when the Texans came in. Yeah, because 90 95, it was the Panthers and the Jags and then the Houston Texans, You know, became a franchise because after the, the Oilers left and went to, went to Na, You know, went to Memphis and first, and then they came, came on down to Nashville. So, and I don't know, I don't Think you gonna get, I don't, I it's so perfectly balanced now, Ocho You know, you got 32 teams, you got eight 14 divisions and things like that.


So it would be hard to bring in one team. Maybe you bring in two. But who got, I mean, who got an extra $7 million? Jerry don't want another team in Texas. No, the Florida teams don't want another team in Florida. You got, you got three, you got Jacksonville, you got Miami, you got Tampa. Where the hell you gonna put 'em at Tcho? That's ain't ain't no, ain't nowhere to put 'em. Texas. You got the Cowboys, you got the, and the, and the, the Texans. Texans, they don't want another team in Texas. So where, where, where can you put it? Where can you put 'em? These college towns don't want you to bring no more damn teams up there.


So look like we stuck for a while unless somebody move. And, and I think the, didn't the, the Washington commanders didn't, they just, didn't they just close on? They gonna be ORFK. They, they, they, I bet they gonna build a new stadium right there. Yeah, it's Not that far away Though. Nope.


Hey, so we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know what degree? Cool Rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rug sent back. And it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store, gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com com slash card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this contents not investment advice and trading crypto involves risk For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know if you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants, assistants switch you to Mint mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee, default terms@mintmobile.com.


It is Ryan here. And I have a question for you. What do you do when you win? Like are you a fist pumper? A woo-hoo, a hand clap or a high fiver? If you wanna hone in on those winning moves, check out Chumba Casino. Choose from hundreds of social casino style games for your chance to redeem serious cash prizes. There are new game releases weekly plus free daily bonuses. So don't wait. Start having the most fun ever@chumbacasino.com. Prohibited by law 20.


Aston Genty said Daniel Carson could buy a car with the cost of the Raiders. Number two jersey to start running back. Said kicker. Daniel Carson, who was formerly number two, could purchase a new car with the money he was given by Genty for the number. You could probably buy a house. Actually, I'm not going to say a house, but you can buy a car like a nice Mercedes. Genty wouldn't reveal the exact figure he paid, but it was a significant, if Carson can buy a car with it. I warned the majority of my career, it's a, a day of greatness was born and the day I was born December 2nd, it's a family number. All my family members who played sports wore the number two ocho. What is the most money you would spend for the number 85?


Two when I went, when I went to the Now now I'm talking about now you, I'm saying under the impression that you first round pick, you were top pick, let's just say a top 10 pick. 'cause Genti was six pick in the draft. I mean being that it had sentimental value maybe, maybe close to And he was a top pick like that. He was number six, right? Yeah. Maybe a hundred, maybe a hundred thousand Because of what the, what the number means, especially with the number means to him. Hell, I had to pay for 85 from all, but I went to the Patriots from Aren Hernandez. How much you pay for it? I think maybe 25 grand. You said that's the the number That's what you said. That's what I would've said.


I've said a hundred Thousand. Yeah, he he showed, he showed love though. He he showed love. Yeah. A hundred, a hundred, a hundred thousand. Yeah. You can't be OCHO with 81, 82, 83, 84, 86, 88, 89. You can't be OCHO with that. Chad, if you guys were a top 10 pick and you had a special number that you had pretty much worn through high school and college, what is the amount that you would spend to get that number? Because like, most guys are superstitious, don't you? Yeah. I mean listen, you, he talked about his family wearing a number. Him being born on the second, wearing it through college.


His family wore number two. I mean, but a hun a hundred thousand Is that, that's the, that's the limit. That's the limit. I'm not going over that. Absolutely. Anything over that. Man, man, go ahead. Forget you. I just start a new li I I start a new number, a new number of importance at that point. Yeah. Don't call me Ocho. Don't call me Ocho right now. You call me Ocho but don't call me Cinco. Yeah, I think Juan Soto gave bought the guy a new Tahoe for 22. Right. Think you He probably making 3 million. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. But if you want that number, don't worry about what I'm making. You want a number or don't, don't worry about it.


Don't count my pockets. What you want the number? 'cause I gladly keep kicking field goals in it. I thought you wanted it. Yeah, I mean as a, as a kicker you should, you should be willing to come up off your number. Especially I ain't giving up nothing. Play it like that. Un unfortunately Joe ain't gonna be able to do that. I wish it was something I could tell you to make you feel better, but No, I can't. I mean, I'm, I'm gonna pay, I'm gonna pay for it. Yeah. A hundred, a hundred grand is what I do. Yeah. Hundred grand. Yeah. And I don't know if car married a mother. Hold on. Shhe Tony bought, bought a, an old boy wife a car bought a Porsche. Yeah, That's what, yeah, that I know.


I I, Juan Soto bought the guy that gave him 22. He bought him a Tahoe, but Shhe bought the player that he got. I don't even know what show his number is, but he ended, I know he ended up buying the guy's wife at Porsche. Yeah. I mean the kind of money they making on that's Different. Well he, you think about it, he got see getting 70 million in salary and he's probably doing another 10, 15, 20 million, 30 million an endorsement. Especially with in Japan, the Asian market. He's he king. He's King Kong. I mean, had, had, had, I mean the perfect name for him would be Godzilla but had decade Masui had that name.


So he can't be Godzilla. He's in 70 million a year. Yeah, 10 years. Yes. He deferred it. He only making 1 million a year now. But he deferred. He deferred on the back end. Yeah. He said I'm gonna go back to Japan and uncle at California. Y'all not finna get all my money. Y'all not finna get all this bread, huh? Yeah, for sure. But Ocho and I in agreeance a hundred foul ocho, there was a viral TikTok trend going around the NFL where players were calling their teammates to wish them a good night. Mikey Commanders. Mikey, since Riel got in on the fun last night and called his quarterback, let's take a look at this.


Ocho This What's up? Yo, bro. Yo, this is this cb CB that's not in mind. Yeah. So I'm gonna just see you tomorrow, bro. I'll just calling to say goodnight, bro. What the fuck? You straight Bob? Huh? Bro, we good. What you mean? He usually call and say goodnight like bro, goodnight bro. Get my dog bro. I'm just checking in real quick. I just talked to you five minutes ago. I'm, I know that, but when like, I ain't say goodnight, bro. Like sleep well, bro, bro, bro.


Yeah bro. I can't tell my homies like sleep. Well bro. Get good rest. Hey bro, bro, I don't know what type of shenanigans you're on right now, bro. But you are at the real bonkers right now. Hey boy, I'd hit that Look here. I said boy, if you don't get your ass off by phone then hold up so quick. I was like, are you for real good night. Oh man. Hey, they all, all, all my homies man would've man, if you don't get your ass off my goddamn phone. Yeah Man, They, they would've known something was up. 'cause it's something that I that, that I don't, that I don't do. No, and they would've started cracking jokes.


Would've said some crazy stuff. Yeah. That, that they Gonna like, Hey man, you okay over there? If that is, is that cold for something somebody got you kidnapped you hostage or something? Hey, blink twice if you need help. Yeah. That that What you do. Why you play it like this? Sharp? What's wrong with you? Hey, they listen. I can't record nothing like that. All my people Don say something. Oh, they gonna, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I get what? But I can't even post. Yeah, yeah. I you that, that ain't something I could do live. Man. Boy you don't get your ass off my phone.


Oh, Joe. It's official. NFL players will be allowed to compete in flag football at LA 28 Olympic Games. NFL owners have now officially approved a resolution to allow their players to participate in flag football in the 2028 summer Olympics by vote 32. Oh unanimous. The NFL version of the dream team is coming. Justin Jefferson on flag football in the Olympics and the NFL being able to participate. To be honest, I'm at a loss for word to think about a chance for playing in the Olympics and getting a gold medal. It's a Dream five on five format, which each team filled in a 10 man roster comprised of the following positions.


A quarterback who could only run past the line of scrimmage after handing the ball off and receiving a lateral or going out for a pass. A center who could only go out for a pass immediately after snapping the ball, while receiver back, who could line up as either a standard running back or wide receiver. A rusher who could rush the quarterback from seven yards off the line of scrimmage, defensive back who defensively function functions as a traditional corner safety. Who prioritizes defending the pass over the run. Here are the rules. Ocho the field is 70 yards by 25 yards. 40 minute games, two 20 minute halves including a two minute warning. Four downs to reach midfields and four downs to score.


Touchdown no plays within five yards of the end zone overtime to score a score is tied. Which each team getting equal chance to win. Ocho your general manager. Pick your 10 man squad. Oh my 10 man squad. Yeah. Ooh, Lamar. Quarterback. You got Lamar, You better take Lamar because he can run that throw. Okay. Yeah, we got, we got Lamar quarterback give gimme chase, gimme Justin. Okay, We need a run back, right?


Yeah. Gimme Quan. What else? What else do we need? You need, you need run it back. You need two wide receivers. A quarterback. You need rush corner. Rush Corner, gimme sting, gimme ex sting on one side. Okay. Gimme PS Two. Yeah, gimme PS two on the other side. My safety. Gimme gimme derwin. Gimme derwin. Okay. You know he, he, he, he, he can get back there. He, he range as hell. We need a linebacker. Huh? We need somebody in that middle. Huh? You better get somebody that can rush the passer.


You need Micah. You want Miles, Garrett? No, No. Give gimme Micah. He's a little bit more little, little bit more quick. Twitch. You mean Micah and I, can I get Fred warning in there or not? Okay, Hold on Joe, I Think you trying to, you Think you trying to feel a whole a real damn team? No, no, No, no. I'm, I'm just, I'm just saying I'm, I'm thinking flag football. Okay, you get a quarterback, a center wide receiver back rusher DB safety. Oh No, but not a center also can go out for a pass though. So it's not gonna be a real center. Yes. So you gonna take Tyre? Yeah, Let's, let's add Tyreek gonna be my center. You Laugh, you laughing. But also this is, let me, let me, let me say something real quick.


Now I understand that NFL players could do it, but we have, we have legit flag Flag football to you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. You play the game. So I'm, I'm hoping, I'm hoping they're integrated into this as well. Somewhat because the, the game, obviously the game of flag football is going to be new to those that are playing in the NFL and the rules are much different. It's much different. It's much, much different. So I'm hoping those that play flag football are able to represent, You know, the country as well and, and allowed to play alongside the NFL players. I'm, I'm, I'm hoping that's what it is. It's not strictly only NFL players. Yeah. Right now their proposed roster, the 2028 Olympic team CBS sports say this would be the proposed roster.


Ocho, Jayden Daniels at quarterback, running back Jamir Gibbs at running back wide receiver. Devon Ahan running back wide receiver. Justin Jefferson, wide receiver DB Jamar Chase wide receiver DB Travis Hunter, wide receiver DB Rush, Michael Parsons, rush Nolan Smith Jr. Corner, Darryl Stingley Jr. Safety Maxwell Hairston. I I, You know what? That's not bad. That's not bad. But we got, we gotta have more people out there than that though. Not on the field. I'm just saying as far as far as reserves, as far as these reserves, we need more reserves.


Well I'm, you got a 10 man team, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10. That's 10 man. That I don't, I Don't, I mean the 10 man team that we, that, that, that that CBS picked, I'm probably gonna pick somebody or a somebody that's elusive quick twitch. So Jayden Daniels or Lamar gonna be my quarterbacks. I like Gibbs at, at running back and I said Sequan, but Gi Gibbs, Gibbs is a lot 28 I think, You know, I would've gonna say Christian McCaffrey, but he might be a little, little old. No, I like Gibbs. I'm thinking who, who Another running back that can, that can catch, You know what I'm saying?


Don't that can catch everybody Get outta, Because mainly they ain't gonna be running, they gonna be throwing in the ball. It, I, I like Gibbs the best. That's why I think Quan, it's either one of the two I'm talking about that can get gone. But, but all but the, the running backs and receivers are interchangeable because they're running back or receivers so you can line 'em up anywhere. So I like Chase, I like Jetta, I like Tyreek, I like a chan. I like Micah. I like that. You know who I, who is a good rusher like Noa Smith. I like Will Anderson Jr. That's a good one. He real twitchy Because you gotta got guys gotta be able to change the direction.


Don't Joe. Yeah. Back, back and move a little bit Because hey, them guys starting to stop him. And plus you gotta realize these players hadn't played flag football and, and 25, Hey. That's why when I thought about it, I'm like, well damn, we got players, we got people that rep that represent, that represent us, that play the game of flag football. They actually play flag football Play. So I'm, I'm still curious. I know, I know we're talking about the NFL players and how good they are in the NFL, but playing flag football Yes. And their rules So entirely Different. Completely and entirely different. Entirely different game. Damn. That's a good one. When Ashton Genty makes his NFL debut for the Las Vegas Raiders this season, he might be adding a de debuting a new pre-snap stance in the backfield.


Since high school, Genty has stood straight up with his hands by his side in the backfield before the staff. My stance that some have compared to Mike Meyers, the infamous killer in Halloween horror movies. Chip Kelly, the Raiders offensive coordinator wants me to adopt that different stance. Oh man, Ocho you have to understand if you'd put him Ocho if you'd have put him down on a down sta three point stance, how was he gonna see? He already five eight. So how tall was it when he started playing football? Five foot. What'd he gonna see? Like what, what is what The process starting the first day of Raiders, a recent man camp. You know, sometimes you have to, you have to go with the flow.


Genty said, Kelly asked him if he had ever played basketball. I'm like, yeah, I played basketball, You know, I can dunk and all that. He like, okay, show me how you would guard. And he's acting like he's holding the ball. You don't like, you don't like guys change, you don't like the coach changing the stands. What, What are we doing? What, what is, what is Chip Kelly doing? What are you doing? The man has had success playing the game of running back in the same stance all this time. Now all of a sudden he gets to the Raiders. You wanna change the way he stands. It has nothing to do with running the goddamn ball. All right. It's not giving away any indication. No indicators leave the man alone. Man. What, what?


Listen. Some coaches, some coaches get a little beside themselves. Just, just create, just create a narrative just to feel, just to, to not, not to really abuse your power. Just, just do, just be unnecessary. Change your stance for what it's unnecessary and it's pointless. Tell me. So we both know because I, if, if there is something that, if that him standing in that stance was an indicator, it's a run, it's a pass. I said okay, he needs to switch. But he does The same thing every time. But hell, you can't tell he just standing there. He does the same thing every time. Run, play, pass, play. Nothing changes and all of a sudden he gets to you.


Okay, we wanna change for what makes no sense. Yeah. I wouldn't change. I I the thing is Ocho, unless it's something like you really try to change as little as possible. I mean maybe there's some technical things you like, You know, with a wide receiver, you're like, okay son, don't let your elbow flare out when you doing the, the hug and stuff like that. You try to keep your elbows tight to your body, things like that. You know, hey, you tipping your route because you're getting your head around too. You let me know you gonna run out or you letting you gonna come back or something like that. But other than that, I ain't really trying to tinker with too much because I liked it enough to, to select him six overall.


So there's something that I like. I mean, and you knew That and he'd been doing it that way for a very long time. He was successful doing it that way for a very long time. And here you go, right? You want to add your little twin to it just to say, well he's, he's able to do this because this is what I told him to do. Come on man. Right. It's kinda like Michael Johnson running style. Why, why would I change that? You know, people keep saying Quincy Winston, the Quincy Wilson, the young guy for bulls running the 400 man bro, the dude run 44 20 change what? Same thing with Abey Steiner. Well You know she got that army and all I know is she ran 21 8 and she ran sub, You know, she can run sub, You know, because she can run sub 11.


So all that other stuff that y'all are talking and she could run sub 50 in the 400 meters. I ain't changing the, she's doing something right. So Ocho Dak Prescott is 1500 yards away becoming the all time passing leader. No Dak needs 1500 yards to pass. Troy Eggman, he needs 27 40 to pass Tony Romo. So he's about, he should pass Tony Romo to become the all time pass leader Cowboy Cowboy. Until, until I know he gonna get married.


Congratulations that Right. But if you want be thought of like Aikman like Star gotta get that that Ring, huh? Ain't no way around around it ain't no way around. Most Definitely. Most definitely. I mean listen, when it comes to the Cowboys, I'm not sure how, how much window of opportunity they have left. I think the addition of George Pickens, you, You know how I feel about him offensively. I think they're gonna be all right when it comes to the Cowboys. It's gonna be your defense. Your defense have to show up 'cause you're gonna be able to put a point. Yeah. You demon have to show up, You know, that's all it's gonna come down to. Especially in that division, You know.


Is Diggs, is Trayvon gonna be able to come back? Yeah, he's, he and how soon will he come back? Right? They brought back Dante Fowler. He followed DQ over to the Raider, excuse me, the commanders, they resigned him. They wanna pair him with Micah. Obviously we know Micah wants that big deal. Micah's looking for 40 million. You know, I think he wants to be the highest paid or close to it. I don't know if the highest paid means as much. If guaranteed money means to him, we'll see how that plays out. But how, how close is Trayvon from being able to go?


We, so he, he, he's, he's a year, he's a year removed from that surgery. 'cause You know, he went a little bit last year, man. I Know. You know, so I, I think obviously this this second year, two years removed from it. I think he, I think he, he's he's, Nah, he had another surgery, another, didn't he have another surgery? He didn't finish the season. He got hurt again. I think so. Didn't Trayvon digs have surgery on something? I know Overstreet is gonna be gone this year. He ain't coming back or they just shut Trayvon down. He coming back from an injury.


Ojo. I think I, it is not, I I I'm wondering if it something serious. I don't, I don't think it's something as serious as ACL though.


Hey, so we all make mistakes but owning up is the right thing to do. You know, a degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading Crypto involves risk. For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. That would make sense that I would be the host of the Colin Coward podcast. I mean, that's the way I see it. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it or in this case when I taste it. Tito's handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Okay, I like things that are built to last. A great team, a well run organization. Same goes for my vodka. Tito's made in Austin, Texas. Real care, attention to detail. Distinct, crisp taste. I was just telling my wife the other day, Tito's is the one vodka. It has a completely distinct taste. Been my go-to for years, so I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime.


Lot of ice refreshing, easy summer, winter, spring. Totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, your team's gonna play 162 games. A perfect time to kick back with some Titos. It's what I pour you should too. Distilled and bottled by Fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


Good morning cruisers. Here's what's on deck for today. As your top shelf at Venture continues, start with Sunrise Yoga with Amy Brown. Join the Bobby Bone Show for an exclusive behind the show q and a. Then head to the kitchen where Crook and Chase are cooking up country favorites from Nashville's biggest stars. And tonight Lee Rice takes the stage in our main theater. The top shelf country Cruise Setting Sale February, 2026. Brought to you by Signature Cruise Experiences. Book your state room now at top shelf country cruise.com.


Deb Bryant, former cowboy great receiver tweeted, if the cowboys go get chub combined him with flu, the cowboys offense will be the most dangerous in the NFL. I really can't find a con if that happens. Think about it. Blue gets to learn from a dynamic back who plays the game the right way. That's how you mold a young promising running back Dak Really quick. Pick your poison situation. CDO Pickens can put the ball in the end zone anywhere on the field. There are so many strategic ways for the Cowboys offense for success. I think the defense is going to perform well, but how well we know Micah and Diggs are going to perform. I'm skeptical to see how the new these changes affect the defense.


To sum it up, I don't think the boards are trying to win. I think they should do make a few more sacrifices to compete with the new improved NFC East Division. Listen, Make a splash Jerry, make a splash. What, what Dez Bryant says makes so much sense. It makes so much sense. You know Jerry's not gonna do it. Signing Derrick Henry and not using money as an issue, not being able to afford a player like Derrick Henry that has succeeded continuously despite his age in Baltimore. Listen, now you have an opportunity to do it again. Make a splash again. Help your offense out. Your identity is on offense. It's what you will be known for. You have, you have special pieces, You know, on defense they're gonna have to do what they need to do, but be all in offensively so you can compete in that.


N-F-C-N-F-C East. Wait, no, and this NC, Right? Oh Joe, how about this? Trey seven T Trayvon tweeted just yesterday. My ACL rehab journey was very successful. I ended up coming back to play two months sooner than I was, was supposed to follow my journey as I give you direct insight on how I did just that. Thankful for everyone who played a role with me getting back out there. Episode one out now on. Well, That's live. I gotta check, I gotta check that out. I gotta, I I didn't know he reinjured it. I ain't know that. Fred Warner signs a three year $63 million contract extension over 56 million guaranteed.


The deal ties warned to the team through 2029. The rework deal also returns Warner to the top of the list of the highest paid off ball linebackers in the league at 21 million per season. Remember Quan just signed that deal last year that paid him 20 million per season and bolted him to the top. Now Fred is back at the top of that list. You see also they just paid Brock Purdy. He got 2 65, he got 181 million guaranteed. Fred got 63 million. 56 million guaranteed Ocho, you like the moves they making? Yes, Ab absolutely they took care of their three, their 3 cent pieces.


They 3 cent, they 3 cent apiece for that team. Kiddos, obviously the quarterback, rock purdy, and then their defensive leader and Fred Pointer, who is the best middle lineback in the game. So, rightfully so. At some point, You know, despite what Quan Smith got, You know, you have to, you have to do right. You gotta, you gotta do right by Fred. You you got to. So, I mean hopefully they can, they can, they can stay healthy on both sides of the ball and contend again, You know, for another championship. Joe Burrow says Trey Hendrickson deserves to get paid Amid Beagles contract talks. Having previously vouched for t Higgins to get paid by the Cincinnati Bengals.


Joe Burrow is now stepping up for Trey Hendrickson amid his contract standoff with the organization speaking to reporters on Tuesday. Burrow addressed Hendrickson contract by saying he deserves to get paid based on how important he is to Cincinnati's defense. That's gonna be tough, huh? Listen, now listen, I don't, I don't, I don't know the books. I don't Joe spin all their money. Ocho Joe spin all their money. Joe, Joe trying to squeeze him now. And one, one thing you don't want to do is you took care of Joe offensively, making sure Chase and t Higgins were taken care of both of them taking most of the money. I don't, I don't know the cap. I don't know what we have left to actually spend, but we still need to be able to, to have a team to be able to pay everyone else.


All the money can be locked up off, You know, on, on offense. Can we pay Trey? Well, Think about how bad your defense was. And you had Trey Hendricks who with 17 and a half sacks, 35 sacks over the last two years. So you take him out there, where you gonna get that production from? You Take him outta there. Yes. Hey, can you afford him? Is the problem. Can you, The the question is, can you afford not to man Ocho IIII don't know. I I don't know if I can afford this insurance. Can you afford to be without it given your history?


You know, you got hypertension, you got diabetes. Yeah. You got all these elements that run in your family. So the question isn't what can you afford it? Can you afford not to have it? Hey, that's, that's, that's, You know, how many games y'all lost last year? Ocho how many games did y'all give up? 30 plus points. And you lost, you scored 35 and you lost, you scored 38 and you lose how many of those? So while you're saying can you afford him, can you afford not to have him? Listen, I I, I wish I knew what the books looked like. Huh? I understand the salary cap continues to go up year in and year out. But listen, we got a $40 million receiver. We got a 30 $30 million receiver. We got a well 55, 50 5 million quarterback. And what he deserves as at the defensive end with two 17 season sacks, 17 and half sacks.


Yeah. I mean, he, he, he gotta get what upwards to what 30 He looking for 30. The reports are, they offered him 28 up from up from like 50. I think he's supposed to make what? 15 this year. He's gonna want to be in the thirties. That's tough. That's tough. And the thing is, ocho, but look like you got a defense that, that stand in the offense. That's stand in the Taj Mahal. And, and and, and, and, and Hey, and your defense sleeping on some friends and family's couches. I I, I don't even know. I wouldn't even know what to do in this situation. I wouldn't even know because you got, some people say, well, hell, he had 17 sack, but still his defense was bad.


Can you imagine what they looked like if he didn't have those sack? Remember what he did? He single handedly one year that gave in Pittsburgh now. Yeah, he did remember that. Yeah. He, the three sacks he did. He did. He did. And a force bumble the end of the game, basically. That's tough. Joe Berg was not happy about the team scheduled for the upcoming season. Playing Baltimore for the fourth straight year in primetime is an ideal. Maybe we can get one of those games in Cincinnati please. The Bengals have played a night game at m and t Bank State Stadium. Each of the past three seasons, all of them have been defeats, including last year's. 35, 34. Remember what did That was a Good game. They scored 34 points. That was good game. Yeah. Lost remember? Hey, the other week they scored 38 and they lost 41, 38.


Listen, I know Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe wanted to be home. Obviously it makes sense, but hell, when you play the goddamn Ravens, you got one home game. You got one you got, He said, well, let our game be the, let our game be the primetime game. Yeah. I mean that's, that's, I don't know. It, it don't make me none nighttime, daytime, anytime I'm ready to play. But you play with a shield too. Did you play with a shield? I need to see. I need to see it. And I need you to see my eyes. I don't wear no shield. No, sir. I had a, well, I play with a shield for one year after I fracture my oral. I played with a shield. But it's hard because, You know, for a wide receiver, you're not really in the downstairs.


There's a tight end you down in the downstairs and that sweat dripping on the shield. Shield. I don't like that. What you with the clear one or the, I wore a clear one. I wore, I wore a dark one in the Pro Bowl, but I, I don't know how guys, I don't know how receivers catch with that dark one, especially at night. Who? AJ Brown wear a dark one. I don't, I don't, I don't know how they do that. I, I, I mean, because it is, it's hard to getting adjusted, You know? 'cause we not, when you play a night game, you go out there that Saturday night to get your eyes adjusted, get your cleats and everything adjusted and that glare, it catches just right. 'cause You know, sometimes that ball get lost up in the lights. They're like, man, how Whoa, I could see that damn ball up in the lights.


That's crazy. Burrow is also disappointed. NFL for not giving them an international game. He says he worked really hard. He's worked really hard to grow the NFL internationally and is disappointed. They haven't had one yet, but he is doing quarterbacks correct? I think. Yeah. Yeah. Are you disappointed ojo, that you did not have a, a, a, a international game? Because they probably would've asked you to go to be an ambassador. I Mean, that, that would've been cool. That would've been cool. I got my passport too. But I mean, listen, their, their time will come. Obviously. You know what, that long flight, you should be thankful you don't have to fly there during the season anyway. You should be thankful.


And the, the, Hey, listen, It's not ocho. They, You know, they get over there the day they get over there, the, the, the day before. Right? Again, again, why they shouldn't Well, they should be happy. They don't have to take no 7, 8, 8, 9 hour flight. Go across that water. Yeah. I they, they might arrive the day of. You Think so? I mean, that night they might, because it's not like you, it used to, because they were guy teams would go over there like that Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday play. They don't do that anymore with Joe. They probably get all the practice in before they even leave. Do a walkthrough. You get there. Yep. They say studies and doctors say it's best to just go over there and just go play the game.


Look at that. That's, that's, that's, that's a a a s backwards. I got some sad news. OCHO co-owner, Jim Ey passes away. He led the team since 1997 and presided over the what story franchise's. Greatest eras. He was 65 years a day. 65 years of o 65 years of age. Excuse me. Earlier today. He posted on x his support for his Indiana Pacers and Herb Simon ahead of their opening game in the Eastern Conference finals New York Knicks. He wrote, go Pacers. Good luck to Herb, the entire pacer organization and our city. He passed shortly after that. I've only met 'em a handful of times.


Mostly the owners. I mean, let me, I'm stop saying, most every owner that I meet, they're always gracious to me. They always, they respect the way you play. Really love the what you do. You can tell you study love that you, You know, you love the NFL and we appreciate, wish we had more guys like you, all of them. Mr. Blank. Jim, when he was in, when he was with the, the, the, the Hornets. Jerry Richardson all, I mean, I, I know all I know for the most part, all of them. And they've always been very, very, very, You know, respectful to me. And it's, You know, death is never fair, man.


You know, I I mean when you, when you, when you were young, it is like, damn. But now You know, that's the one thing about it is it can't be fair. Can't. Yep. As you get, you gotta take black white. You gotta take young old, you gotta take men. Women got To, and, and at some point, and that's, that's the way, Hey, Joe, the, the way I've always been, that's the way I live. I live the way I live, huh? Every day I treat every day like it's my last. I'm always happy. People say, boy, why you always smiling boy, why you always laughing? Why you always telling people you love 'em everywhere you go? Why would you meet people? You hug them, you hug them, you act like he'd done known him 30 years. Because I'd never know. I'd never known. So if they, if in in remembrance of whenever it is time for me to transition that moment, that one moment you always remember.


It's always, always a good one. It'll always be a good one. The funny thing about life is when you're born, you never know when your expiration date is. You never know when your expiration date is. So I always love to live life each day as if it's my last. Which is why I I I look at people that, that think they can no matter what you do. Huh? You know, if you believe in God, you understand. God knows when that day is. You don't. But for some reason, yeah. People on earth have this inclination that there's certain things I can do in life that can extend that expiration date. That's not the way it works. That's not, that's not the way it works. You can't extend anything. But when it's time to go and that not coming to calling at the door.


You hear me? When that not called boy, you coming home, It is the one appointment you can't reschedule. Mm. Man, stop playing man. Stop playing. It's the one, Hey, oh, I can eat this and I live a little bit longer or I can do this and I live. I be what? Huh? Who? What Man, if you don't get out here and live and enjoy yourself before that time come 'cause you don't know man. So it's, I'm sure the 'cause he was a very generous man to the city of Indianapolis. He loved his coats.


Obviously his dad, I think his dad's name was Bob. What his name? I think his daddy's name was Bob Rse. He took over for his dad. I think his daughter's gonna take over for him. Man, that's sad man. Rob. Yeah. Call it Bob. Yeah, I thought so, but Dear Rse gone at the age of 65, The volume, okay.


Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sin back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


We finally switched to T-Mobile because with them we can be connected here and there. Dad, the cousins in Mexico have a surprise for you And enjoy the gift of staying connected. Switch and start saving today. Get four Samsungs Galaxy S 25 phones with Galaxy AI on us, and four lines for just 25 bucks per line. Plus nonstop talk texts and data between us and Mexico. Visit a store T-Mobile dot com or call one 800 T-Mobile one 800 T-Mobile. See details at T-Mobile dot com.


Add dry eye relief to your routine with refresh Optiv mega three, A lubricating eye drop with a moisture rich preservative free formula enhanced with an active ingredients like flaxseed, oil and antioxidants. This formula supports all three tear film layers and provides advanced hydration to instantly moisturize and soothe dry eyes. Refresh Optiv mega three is safe to use as often as needed so you can make it part of your wellness routine. Find refresh online or in the eyedrop section at all. Major retailers, FSA and HSA eligible.


Get this. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives. But are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving, and investing, and this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk free trial at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


You're Listening to an iHeart podcast.