
Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage self prohibited website, restricted to age 21. Plus tobacco consumers.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did


The Volume.


This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdown is key to hosing Vince Lombardi Trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at drafting sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers. To get $200 in bonus BES instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings Sports book. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions to and responsible gaming resources.


Wolf Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobil himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now the Jet Nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit boost mobile.com or your nearest Boost mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Alright, thank you for joining us back. Ladies and gentlemen. We're joined by Main Event winner. He's a onetime WWE e intercontinental champion. He's a four time WWE wrong tag team champion. No pause. Six time WE SmackDown tag team champion winner. And now he's the 2025 Men's Royal Rumble winner. Jay uso. Jay Jay. How you feeling bro? Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. This is Sharp man. Thank, thank you for the Thank you for the introduction, my dog. You deserve it, bro. Yeah. Yo, lemme ask you this. What's ups Jay? What up baby?


You, congratulations on your royal rum or your Royal Rumble win last night. Has it set in yet that you're gonna be headlining WrestleMania? Can I be honest? Yes. Yes. It's a, it's another day at the office, you know, because here's what happened, you know, did work on Saturday. What's the day today? Sunday? That was last night night. It feel like it was like three nights ago. It felt like it was three nights ago. You know what I'm saying, Shane? Yep. Did it last night. You know, popped on the road, Joe, four and a half hours with my baby. You're back here. You know, you know, right there, you know, you know I'm in the hotel room.


Okay. You got an Oculus phone? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, it's charged up, you know, and you know, I just say stay quiet because, you know, walls are thick. But you know, if I could be honest, man, if I could be honest us, I just owe to the next, I got, I'm in Cleveland, Ohio right now. I got Monday night roll tomorrow. I'm, I'm gonna just check it off as I go, you know, check it off as I go right now. It feels, it feels like another day at the office. Yeah. I might, you know, once I fly home, my family calm down a little bit. Send in my living room. He might hit you might hit me. He might. I said might though. What went through your mind when John Cena's feet hit the floor and your Crown Royal Rumble winner?


Oh shit. Oh shit. I said it. I'm sitting in the ring and I'm telling you, when I pushed him off, I saw, I just watched it. I, I I, oh shit. Oh shit. I don't want you, I don't want the rumble. And now you're gonna be headlining. So lemme ask you a question. Is there anything that Cino said to you that you care to reveal right now? Yes. 'cause I know this is gonna be his last year. He's retiring this year and I, if I'm not mistaken, I think Ron Rumble might be his last event. I mean, WrestleMania might be his last event.


Excuse me. Yeah, so I think, oh man. I know, I know. He just said that he's, he's, he's going into the elimination chamber and I think I wanna say like March something. Okay. March 1st. Maybe that is his last chance to kind of, I kind of mean it in WrestleMania. So, and we're in Toronto, Canada, you know, I hope. Yep. I hope he gets it, man. But I will, you know, say some, some, some real shit, man. He came in the ring and if you watch it back, he did come in the ring. He came in the ring. He, after, after, after. I thought, I thought, I thought I was about to damn had up clip him one more time. He had to do, I had to about do his ass. He throw his ass out one more time.


And I was, I was just, but he, he said, he said, Hey man, I, he hugged me. He goes, he goes a uss I remember yo first tour. I said, I always told you and your brother, you guys will be fine. Be yourself. And he, and he, and, and he goes, he goes, look at these people now. And like, that's when he turned me to the crowd and you know, they just, they just hitting it, man. So yeah, man, love of love for John Senior. You know, he, he's a goat man. Oh yeah. I don't, well definitely. Hey, listen, ye has become such a huge defining party of persona, obviously it's a signature catch phrase, man.


Dude, the crowd loves it. I love it. How did you come up with Ye and did you ever expect it to take off the way it has? So, so if you, if you really pay attention, like, oh man, me, my brothers Roman, we, we've kind of been saying that from, from from the jump. Right? Right. If you, if you look at like, old promos or whatever, like you, you'll hear 'em, whoa, you, you, you know, it is also a west, it is also, it's also a west coast slang. Right. It, it is been a slang before geek with the, with the meme. Like, I'm a little older than, than, you know, the, the, the, the little homies are like, oh, that, that's just a, that's, that's a meme, a catchphrase where, you know, you yee and people, but it, it, right, it's, it's, it's been a, it's been a d it's been a slang.


DI the team wasn't even on me. It used to be y like Y-E-E-E-E-E you know, you know, like that. Yeah. You, you said a little too hard though, Mr. Shar. You gotta come. Oh yeah. Now, bro, you done, you done listen today. I could tell, but man, man, man. And then I didn't expect it to take off though. Like that ocho man. It just, it just took off. And I feel like it kind of took off at the press conference. If you watch a press conference. Like, you know, if you watch, you know, and then I had Cody saying, ye and then it just took off, man. Like, I think that was a turning point of, but I didn't, I never think, I never thought it would take off the way it do.


I don't know if a whole lot of people know this. Your dad is the famous wrestler, Ricki? Yes, sir. Did, did, I mean, how was it having a, your dad was a wrestler, so obviously you had to be one of the coolest kids in school. Yeah. Not, hey, not really. Not really. Hey, I, come on. But look though, if I could be honest though, my dad, my dad like Rickke, she really ain't catch off until me and my brothers got in high school. Okay. So now we in high school and man, man A Hey Ms. Sharp. Hey Ocho, when I say we, we was balling, we was balling. Stop. Well, oh, y'all ball, y'all balling out, man. I'm telling you, I'm telling you what made us, what made us kind of safe. We, we was known as like the twins.


You know, there's twins, right. But we was good in football. Good looking though. Stop playing. But, but look though. But look though we was bawling. Like we was putting up numbers and shit and they're like this. And they daddy's a wrestler. So that's what kind of, kind of saved us, like from, from like separated us from like my dad and being like the, this wrestler. 'cause when, when he would show up to my height, when he would show up to the game, Zeus, I knew he was hurt. 'cause when we in the field, like the game would stop because we would look and there was a crowd moving. It is like a wave go. You feel me? So I knew my dad was here. You can't miss him. You know, big Samoan dude with blonde hair.


Yep. You know, you know, can't miss him. But I, I did. Did you always, did you, did you always, you and your brother know you wanted to go into the family business? No. No. We, they, my mom, my mom and dad didn't, didn't want us in the business. 'cause we know, we know how it was. Like I said, my dad kind of, kind of like caught us break when we was in high school. But he's been a restaurant my whole life. So that means like, you know, the income travel, travel, travel. Yeah. The income wasn't high though. You're a wrestler. You know, and, and being like gone for like two months at a time, you know, my mom was a single mom, you know, n never did. It was until, you know, went to college and then you come back in the real world like, this ain't fun.


You know, pops, you know, can we, can we wrestle? Boom. Took us in the ring, beat us, you know, beat us up for two hours, man. You know, you all, y'all still wanna rest. Yeah. You know, but had to drop weight, had to look good. You know. Lemme ask you this. Yeah. When you started your solo journey and you had to realize that, you know what, I'm not gonna be rest performing with my brother anymore. Were you conflicted? Because obviously you want you, you know, you wanna be successful, you want your brother to be successful. Yeah. And you wanna do everything that you possibly can to potentially bring him along. But you are gonna have to go this thing alone. Jay did. Were you conflicted? How did that make you feel? Oh, okay. Un uncomfortable for sure.


Mm. You know, and, and, and it wasn't even, it, it wasn't even the, like, the work part. The what, what got me though is I separated from my brother. You know, I'm used to being, I'm used to driving these four hour drives every night after a show I'm used, I'm used to like, you know, pushing up it with my brother on a plane. You know what time the plane is, bro? Four o'clock. Where you at? What? I'm at the Fridays by gate four. You feel me? Like Right. Yo, we'll just move together. So I don't have them like that, man. So that, that was my biggest adjustment, man. Yeah. Listen, being on the road. Yeah. If you could go back in time Right. And give your younger self advice before starting wwe, what would you say?


Man? Man, I would say put me on the spot, man. Now you, you good. Put me on the spot, man. No, man. If, If you could do it again, what would you tell your younger self? Like, you have help? Mm. It's going to be okay. Like, you have help. You know, I didn't, I thought, I thought like I just have to, and, and it's me and my twin at the same time. I just thought like we, we just had to, we gotta do it. We have to go do it. If, if we don't do it, it's, it, it's, it's everyone's fault.


It is going to, we, we failed. Right. Like, we really, man, you just, we was young trying to figure it out. And now looking back now, it was just a, it was just those pro it was a process to get me like to here today. You would've, I would've never thought, man, I, I'd be sitting here today talking to you and, and, and you and I just, and I just won to Roy Rumble in 2025 last night. That's crazy. You know? And I'm over here trying to get some buffalo chicken wing from my baby back here. You know? Just, just, just, yeah. Y man, you know, hi. Having it happened. It seemed that that's your, that's your little, that's your little homie.


That's the road dog with you. You got him. And you seem so calm. You seem so at peace that you got your son and he gets to experience this with you. Yes sir. Like, he's been, he's been, but I'm just, I just, I just want, yeah. I just wanna be a dad. I just wanna spend time with him. 'cause like, I sacrifice a lot of time. Like, you know, we sacrifice time, man. We can't get it back. You know, you can sacrifice a lot of things, man. The time, you know, I have a, I a i, I have two boys. Well, one one goes to Morehouse College in, in Atlanta, you know, in a, okay. That. What's up? Come on, come on, man. 18 and 19.


So he, he does his, he does his own thing, you know, kind of not in the wrestling like that. He is, he'll watch, but you know, he's doing his own thing. This one over here. He like, he all in, you know, he want to, he dead. Dead, dead. How old do I gotta be? The rest I'm like 18, five more years. Me, you could be like Ray Mysterio and do Mysterio father and son. Tag team champions. And he'll just walk off and I'm like, that's what's up man. That's right. Who, who, what's been your favorite celebrity? The come in the ring, but you've been in the ring. You have a celebrity coming there. You're like, man, this is pretty cool. This all right here, man. I can be honest, man.


Lil Wayne, I really like. Yeah man. Come on man. Man, I love, man. Come on man. I, we, I, we listened to him. We listen to him since coming up. You know, the Carter one know Lil Wayne. Like he Carter won. Come on man. The the dope part is when I first started wrestling, me and my brother came out to go dj. Like, that was our walkout song. And, you know, in the little independence scene. And just to have him, you know, walk me out at a big WrestleMania on stage and fire, it's like full circle. Yeah. Y Hey, I, you know what, I know what it feels like, dude. To, to have your name called out for me.


Just to give you, give you perspective. They come out that tunnel on, you know, and they call your name when they announce the offense and they say Shannon Sharp or they say Chad Ochocinco Johnson and 80,000 people dog, 70,000, 60,000, whatever it may be. Or screaming your name. And the fans have embraced you as the Main Event, Jey, Uso. How does that feel, dude? To hear those chants and see the crowd rally behind you all actually has to be one of the greatest feelings in the world. Man. They couldn't come on up. Yo. Yes man. I, I, I, I, I appreciate that, that view.


You know why? Because we're the only few that can see it from our eyes. Right. You know? 'cause, 'cause, 'cause the, 'cause the rest of the world is looking at us. I just told my son, I said, Hey, I bought him in the ring after, man. Man, the old show. Hey, hey. Yeah. Hey. I said I man, I told my son last night, man. I started, I started, I was like, Hey man, you, you, he, because he knows what to do. Like he, he has that, he has that man, man, us. I bought him in the ring and, and, and he had the people like this, like this. They was going with him. I wasn't doing that. I was, but I'm, I'm telling him, I'm like, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. You know, in Lorraine, you know, I'm like, hold on, hold on. Wait for the beat to drop.


You know? Now he, I'm like, okay. Go. He's got, he's got, see I, he's got 60,000 in his head and I was just sitting here like this. Wow. That's dope. And he's over there. He's over there, man. But I told him when we was about to go to sleep, man, I told him, man last night, I was like, man, son, you did you, what does that, how'd that make you feel? Like, did you see all those people? He's like, yeah. He's like, man, they're like, like dad. Like that's a lot of people. I'm like, they was looking at you though. You know, man, it's just a different Wow. I appreciate it though. Like, I wish, I wish my, my messages to the people. I wish you guys, I wish everyone could experience that.


What, what we get feeling to experience, man. Yeah, man. Because that's kind of why it keeps his lit in the game. Oh yeah. Jay USO punched his ticket to WrestleMania Main Event with his ro with its Royal Rumble win. Last night senior declared for the chamber match. He needs to win to have a chance at another Main Event. Yeah. You're not gonna wanna miss the elimination chamber match in Toronto, March 1st. New Jay Stadium. The Rogers Center is going to be huge. WrestleMania the big where Jay USO is headlining April 19th and 20th at Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas, Nevada. Jay, congratulations on your win last night.


Congratulations on the Main Event, bro. Thank you for joining us at our unc and Ocho at Nightcap our chat with Love you man. Appreciate it. Continue success. And after you win this WrestleMania Main Event, holler back at your boys. Hey, hey, hey, hey. UNC and Ocho. Hey. Yeah, for sure, for sure. But can I like come, I wanna, I want to be like there like in the same room with y'all next time. Okay. Okay. Okay. That'll work. You know what I'm saying? You have to, you have to catch us on one of the live tours. One of the live tours. You gonna have to catch us on one of the lives, man. I'm in the a man. I, I know y'all always come through a tm, like whatever man, let me know. We'll make it work. Alright. All right baby. Yeah.


Appreciate you bro. Yo, have a go with man. Love y'all too.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees. Fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free overdraft of to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by bankcorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


This ain't the little itty bitty teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at DraftKings sportsbook. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdowns is key to hoisting the trophy and you have a shot to score big by betting on them at Draftking Sports. Book the number one place the BET touchdowns. New DraftKings customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the Draftking Sports Book app and use code Bobby Sports. That's code Bobby Sports for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings Sportsbook The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort, Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, cdk ng.co/audio


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to Fame smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from Heavy hitters like Mackin, Udo Monte Crito Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale. Prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me in former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest. It was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it Yeah. You're like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Back to this Luca Don Luca released a statement seven years ago. I came here as a teenager to pursue my dream of playing basketball at the highest level. I thought I'd spend my career here and won it so badly to bring you a championship. The love and support you've given me is more than I could ever dreamed of for a young kid from Slovenia coming to the US for the First time. You made North Texas feel like home in good times and bad from injuries. The NBA finals, your support never changed. Thank you for not only sharing my joy, our best moments, but also lifting me up when I needed it most. To all the organization I work with throughout the Dallas community, thank you for letting me contribute to your important work.


Join and join you in bringing light to those who need it. Who need it. As I start the next part of my basketball journey, I'm leaving a city that will always feel like home away from home. Dallas is a very, is a special place and male fans are special fans. Thank you. From the bottom of my heart, Luca. Seven seven. I like it. I like it. I like it. These remaining very, very, very, very professional. Obviously you don't have a choice at this point. You know, whatever issues were going on behind the scenes, unc it had to be agreed to. It had to be something so bad for them to trade someone of that magnitude. That is that great. They we're just in the, the finals last young NBA finals.


Yeah, we were just in the NBA finals last young. What did he average? What? What did he average again? If I'm not mistaken, you know the numbers better than I do. Well, He averaged, he averaged like 34, 9 and nine in the regular season. Oh, that's crazy work. 34 9 9 In regular season, you take your team to the NBA finals the following season, they trade you. Yeah. And not that you asked, not that you asked to be traded Ocho people are dogging. Nico Luca became the first player to lead the playoffs in points, rebounds assist and steals. Yeah. Last season. That's crazy, man.


It it, that's what I, that's what I kept selling. Mark. Hey, it might have something. Hey, this might, you know what? I don't wanna say nothing because I don't wanna be rude. Ed. Listen, and this is what I told Jamal and y'all heard it in order for you to trade a player like this Yeah. In his prime, given the accolades five times, he been a first team all pro in his first six seasons. The behavior, the attitude had to be so egregious. Yeah. He said we're done with it. There's no getting through to him. And I believe what, what, what what Jack was saying is that the coaches, I believe they've tried.


Yeah. I don't believe it's a lack of effort. Then they've tried. But you've gotta want it as bad as I wanted for you. Because if I want something more than you want it for yourself, you are gonna win out because it's you. You know what you want. You know what you have to do. 'cause guess what? He wanted to be an NBA player. Right? Ain't nobody had to take him to those practices. Ain't nobody had to do what they had to do. He did that. 'cause that's what he wanted. If and when Luca wants to get in shape, if and when Luca wants to take his condition serious. If and when Luca want to eat, right, that's what he's gonna do. That's what he's gonna do. It's just like anything, when a person makes up their mind, they got a, they got an addiction to something.


When that person makes up their mind, see we create our demons. Only we can chase 'em away if and when. He wants that to be an afterthought. Right. Because right now, how do you want it to be? You want it to, you want it to be your story or you want it to be a footnote because you get to determine, Wait a minute, but you think he's slick Now, hold on now. Hold on, hold on. I gotta use that. I use that. I give a prime example. You heard Yoic Yoic put up those numbers, but Yoic said I was fat. I was outta shape. So I stopped drinking soda. I cut back on soda. Drop weight. Now he is a three time league. MVP Shaa is gonna cut.


It is right now it's him and Shaa. Gils Shaa. I would give Shaa a slight lead. His team is better. He's foot up. Phenomenal numbers. But go look at yo's numbers and look at what he does on a nightly basis. I I need you. Listen, I know you, I know you're not a record player, but I need you to rewind that footnote, that footnote quote again now that that was a good one. Now can you Yeah. You want that to be, you want that to be your story or you want it to be a footnote in your story. Because the thing, the the, the thing about ocho, like it's our career. Yeah. We get to write it. We got the pen. Right? You get to write the OCHO story. I get to write the Shannon Sharp story, But that was a good one.


Every boy, Like I said, every I I I, I, you know, everybody knows how I feel about Luca. Luca, my guy, I gave him the name Baby Bird. He's like I said, I say when LeBron leaves, he's gonna probably be my favorite player. No question about it. Because my favorite player was Larry Bird. He's the closest thing for that type of player that I've seen the bird. And I just, like I said, like, like Jack said Ocho Yeah. He cost himself a, now he was eligible to get 3 45. Now the max he can get is 2 29. I mean, that's real money man. You gotta think about it. Huh? Listen, I, what can you get with 3 45? You can't get with 2 29?


I want that. I want that. I want all that. Y'all want all that. Think about Ocho. This dude was in line to get 70 million a year. Yeah. And in five years, Luca would've been 30. He'd have been eligible to get 400. Another One. That's crazy. Maybe more. That's crazy. But this might be a wake up call though. Sometimes it, I hope so. Sometimes it takes something like this. Sometimes it takes something like this. I wouldn't say humble. You maybe, maybe, maybe humble might be the right word. Because we don't know what's going on behind the scenes.


Obviously you're not being humble if they're willing to trade you at 25 with the type of production you put up. This might be a humbling moment. And I hope it pisses him off because Yeah, he might get a different Luca, you know, a pissed off Luca might be worse than the Luca that was chilling, drinking beer, you know, playing around. Man. The man had a 60 point, the man had a 60 point 20 rebound triple double man. Stop playing. The dude is, is, is. But I but see p ocho, when you in the profession, I keep telling people, right. But they tell me, I don't know what I'm talking about. Y'all will listen now. People will tolerate you until they can replace you.


It can be sports, it can be in a relationship. Treat your significant other like crap and let them run across a person that'll treat them better. You gone? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, let me do, as long as I'm doing my job. That's not the way it works. Now, if you want to be however you want to be, create your own company and you create a dress code, you create coming to work doing however you want to be. Yeah. Make your own. But as long as you punch that clock for somebody else, literally, figuratively. Yeah. You gotta do it. Ain't no way other way around. It gotta buy ain't no other way around it. Well that's ain't no way around it. Y'all get mad all you want to, but I'm just telling you the facts.


Yeah. And people that don't understand that, you have to ask yourself, why don't they understand it? Why don't they get it 25 5 time first team all NBA and they say, nah, we good. We normally guys at that age, when they get traded, they requested a trade. Right. They requested it. He didn't request it. He didn't know anything about it. My antenna perked up when Rick Carlisle wouldn't sign an extension. Right. Do you know, normally coaches get fired.


Doug Collins got fired. I'm trying to think, who was his first coach? Who was Doug Collins first? Was it Rry? Who's Michael Jordan's first coach. But normally if you get a guy like that, you don't not sign an extension. Right. You don't resign. They fire you. 'cause you're not getting the job done. You don't walk away. Because you know how hard it is to get a guy like that. Right.


Kevin? Who? Larry. Yeah. Yeah. The, the writing must have been on the wall. Mr. Carlisle saw Mr. Carlisle saw it, you know, and he, he didn't want to deal with I I I mean, as a coach, how does that really affect you? If you have a player when you understand what he doing? It's difficult. Now what he's doing on the court, how, how could you still not wanna be there because of that? They're gonna, it's, that's on Look, I I I hope he gets it. I hope he figures it out. Ocho Yeah, Because the talent is there. There's no undenying it.


Yeah. But Ocho I mean, because here's the thing. Ocho, if you exhibit this and you making 35 million, what you gonna do when I give you 70? Yeah. We, you, you know what happened when you give, when you give somebody more money, you know what happens. And so they just like, I'm surprised they didn't. But I think the thing is Nico, like he had a relationship with Rob Palka, as you heard. I I think that was either Jack or Jamal said Rob Pelinka was Kobe's agent.


Right. Nico Col. Nico Harrison used to work for Nike. So there's a relationship. This didn't get out. See if you open it up to other teams though, Joe, it's gonna get out. The reports are, Luca is being shocked. Reports our ad is being shocked. You know, that's why You see now. That's why it didn't get, you know what? Don't, yo I'm glad this happened like this. Now y'all see when they start reporting stuff, they ain't making it up. See y'all quick though. Media made it up. You see how it didn't get out? Because ain't nobody wanted it out. Yeah, but you know why it didn't get out? Huh? 'cause there were only two teams involved. The Dallas, the Dallas Mavericks, and the Los Angeles Lakers now And nobody wanted it out.


Yeah. Oh yeah. A absolutely because it, I I guarantee you they kept between two people. Mrs. Nico and Mr. Nico and pka. I bet nobody else knew about it. No. It it's reported that, that Mark Cuban didn't know about it. It's reported that Jason kid didn't know about it. Yeah, that's that's right. Anthony. Anthony Davis didn't know about it. That's why Richard Paul didn't know about it. LeBron didn't know about it. That's Why it didn't get out. Because they kid, they kept between two people, the two people that had the power to get the job done. It's kind of a blessing because he is like, you know what, we wanna move him, but a at least move him to la Mm.


Because everybody's opening up the conference. Everybody's opening it up. Yeah. What you want give us ad in the first round. Pick and Max Christie. That's it. Okay. Bet, bet, bet. But hopefully Luca gets his con get conditioned, gets his heating, eating habits under control. Takes it a little bit more serious. Look, Tcho, he ain't never gonna be able to sit down in the chair. He ain't gonna be Kobe. He ain't gonna be Jordan. He ain't gonna be LeBron or Kawhi Right.


In their prime. That's not what he is. But he's greeted what he does. But you can't ocho you can't just open the door and let the man come in the house and then talking about, Hey man, he robbed our house. Y'all should have locked the door, bro. That's your guy. Right? That's your guy. But I hopefully he figures this out. O Joe, O Joe. People are dogging Nico Harrison for comments he made earlier. Let's take a listen.


How does it ocho it makes sense. The mere Fact trying to go just like, Hey man, would you ocho if it ever comes up, man, would you cheat on your wife? Would you cheat on your girl? No, I was just playing. I was just playing. You already put that thought out there. Yeah. Yeah. You thought about it. You thinking about it Ocho Right? The mere fact, Hey, would you, you train Luca? I dunno what? Nah, nah man, I, I wouldn't train no Luca. Man. Stop. Stop. Yeah. Uhuh. Hey kid, like, ah, don't speak for me. Hey, he had nothing to do with Kid.


Like, I don't care. I don't care if he 300. All I know is he give me, he give me 30 plus nine and eight Every night. Oh, that's crazy, man. But, But here's the thing. That's how it doesn't get out. Ocho. Yeah. Normally two people can keep a secret, but one normally has to be dead. Yeah. You know it because The more, because the more people you tell. And then there is a chain that you don't know where the breach came in at because you done told so many people. People, yeah. Oh. So you know every last story in school, you tell somebody at the front row and by the time it get to the last person, it completely Different. It ain't Nothing like that. Nothing Like the first year. I remember that Same thing.


Too many people know it's going to get out. Yep. Oh Yeah. Mavs fan held a funeral for Luca outside the stadium. Oh Lord. Yo, check this out. This is a real quote from Mark Cuban. If I had to choose between my wife and keeping Luca on the mouths, catch me at my lawyer's office prepping for a divorce. Listen. A owner that understands, a owner that understands, oh, that's, that was, That's the funeral. That was funny.


Oh, they, oh, they serious with it? Yeah. Ocho them guys like that. Don't He had on the suit. You saw that OCHO players like that don't come alone. Yeah. Guys like that. Listen guys don't come alone. I mean, they've had Dirk Naski is an MVP and a finals. MVP. Yeah. He not better than Luca. Yeah. Guys like that Don't just ro up on trees and you don't.


Yeah. Sometimes you get fortunate Ocho and you'll get, you know, you get the number one draft pick and you'll get David Robinson, right. And then, you know, 12, 13 years later you'll get a Tim Duncan. And then 12, 13, 15 years later, 20 years later, you'll get a wim. But Don yo guys like this don't grow on tree. They don't come along. But every so often Cleveland's not gonna get another LeBron. James. I could, could you imagine Cleveland trading LeBron at 25? No. That, that, Could you imagine That man? The internet. The internet would would've crashed. Look caught. Internet would've crash.


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to Fame smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door. So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop. From Heavy hitters like McDo Monte Cristo Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirrorball Trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason Run.


Ever wonder what it's like to be on the phone with an NFL General manager as you finalize the biggest contract in NFL History? I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First, where we've negotiated $1.4 billion in current NFL quarterback contracts. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series, along with my co-host Brian Murphy. Athletes first, CEO. We're pulling back the curtain on how these historic deals come together. You'll hear directly from the agents who shaped the NFL's financial landscape, the ones who negotiated Justin Herbert's extension and Deshaun Watson's fully guaranteed contract that sent shock waves through the league. This isn't just about the numbers though, it's about the untold stories behind these massive negotiations and the relationships. The NFL superstars like Dak Prescott, Tua Tango, Viola and Jordan Love have with their agents at Athletes First. For the First time ever, the agents who orchestrate these deals are sharing the details of the negotiations and everything that led up to their client signing on the dotted line. Listen to the Athlete's First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Kevin Durant calls out loyalty double standard after Luca trade players are held, held to a different standard of loyalty and commitment to a program. But the organization don't get held to that same standard from the outside world. Whether it's from the media members or fans. We all should be held to the same standard. Now, every other, every other team might get the confidence to say, F it. I'll trade a few of my top players if this isn't working. I'm still shocked. That's crazy. Unbelievable. Or trading a 25-year-old Kevin Durant. Hell nah. I mean, I I mean you think about it. Yeah, I mean, Shaq left. Shaq was younger than 20 when he left Orlando, but Shaq left.


They didn't trade him. I mean, I, I can't, I I could be. And when the Lakers trade and when the Lakers traded Shaq coach Mr. Mr. Bust, the owner thought Shaq the salary, the weight concern, the conditioning was an issue. Right. Ah. SGA on Luca being traded. I learned that lesson the hard way my first year in the NBAI got traded outta the blue. Didn't see it coming. It doesn't surprise me anymore that myself getting traded a long time ago. I found out it's a business my first season.


Woo. The Clippers kicking themselves in the butt because they traded Paul, they traded him and all those draft picks for Paul George. Right? It ain't worked out. Paul George is in Phoenix as in, in Philly in Phil Ka. Why can't stay healthy and SGA is on page to be how old's SGA 25? He's on place to be the MVP. They got the best team in the Western conference. I thought it was 25. Shay is 26. Oh 26. Okay.


Ocho. Yeah, it's being reported. The Lakers were reportedly irked by ad's. Comment earlier about a another big Lakers reportedly felt ad could never be counted on as a top option and weren't going to offer ad an extension this season the man ain't say go get yolk the man. They just get him a big, just get him somebody that he could slide down to the four. Okay, now come late the ball game, I'll play the five. Right. LeBron will play the four. Damn. Yeah, if you go back and look when they won the championship, he played the four.


Because normally it was either JaVale at the five Right. Or Dwight Howard at the five ad played the four and that was the year they did a number. They it triple basically Jave had it for like six or seven minutes. Dwight to get him for six or seven minutes ad get him for two or three minutes. Right. LeBron, you take it four minutes. We just three kept throwing a lot of different looks at it. Lakers fell ad could never be counted on as a top option. It's hard to be a top option. What top option if LeBron's on your team, if you go play with Nico Yoic, who's gonna be the top option? Yo. Yo you go play with yo.


Lemme ask you a question. Dave was a top option in Portland for all those years. He's not the top option playing with Giannis. Yeah, come on people Come on Lay. Y'all know that. And they weren't going to offer ad an extension. I thought they just gave him an extension. I thought just signed a two year extension. He could sign another longer term after this year. You going, you Going? I mean ad the last couple years. Oh, ad has been playing. He is played a lot of games. Me, you, you, you'll get one in Dallas After next year.


I believe that. So let me guess LeBron leaves because there's a great chance LeBron leaves after. Let's just say for the sake of argument, LeBron plays this year. 22 plays next year. 23 LeBron leaves. You mean to tell me you was gonna let Anthony Davis walk? I find that very hard to believe the Lakers are about superstars. And I'm not saying a ad is LeBron Shaq Wilt Kareem? He's not that. Right, but who you gonna to get? Who? Jason Tatum. I don't think Bo Boston Parkway was him.


Nicole Yoki? No. Denver. Damn sure not park with him. Yeah. Okay. First of all, why was Shane leave and give up that five year extension? Shane's go about to be eligible for a supermax so he can get 3 45. I think Shaa wouldn't shave up next year. Shay can go back next year. Four years, almost 300. Okay.


Not going, I'm not gonna let y'all, I'm not gonna let y'all let, let y'all get me out my bread. So I'm just trying to figure out who can, who can they get? Because look, they're only a handful. First of all, LeBron and Kobe. Yeah. These are great players, right. But when we talk about that, you pay a top dollar to go see everywhere they go. Ain't been a handful of those. Yeah, it's, it is always, it is always Def Curry, LeBron, Jordan, Kobe in the modern era, right? Yeah. I'm saying anything since like 90, let's go say like mid nineties.


Everywhere you go, home or road where no matter what the arena is, yeah, the team might be two and 50, but they gonna come out to see LeBron. Oh yeah. See Steph, see Jordan. See Kobe. There's only a handful of Guy Luca has that. Luca has that. And the Lakers now have it for the foreseeable future. Now Laga got power because now they're like, nah, you know what bro? We love you, we appreciate you coming here. But we take our orders from him. Yeah. Because at Max you'll be here two years.


We're hoping he'll be here for a decade. Hmm. I Can't wait. What you thinking? I can't wait to see how it play out. Play on court. Yeah, On court. And, and and quietest kept, I still like the idea of Kyrie Kyrie opting out in the summer, which he has an opportunity to do. And he might bring his ass over to LA next year. I give you a prime example. Ai, what they do to ai. Tell the people the home, what they do to ai. Oh, They created him, didn't he crazy?


Yeah. Got him up outta there. Got him right up outta there. Yeah. Tolerate you and say think of what, What did Jack see? I I had never heard anybody say that. What Jack said. Yeah. Never accept anything in a win. You wouldn't at a loss. Y'all gonna listen to me Chad, y'all get mad at me. He think he know everything. No, I don't know everything. Just a tad a bit about everything, but I'm just telling you been in locker rooms, been around a lot of people and won some games.


Culture is very important. Very important. Everybody that's won something will tell you that it's important. People that have it say it doesn't matter. Ask Google. Ah, Ask Microsoft, ask Apple, ask Nvidia, Salesforce, Oracle, ask them, is culture important? Meta, Berkshire, Hathaway, Exxon as coach. Important.


Important. They get bad ojo. Hey, they don't, they don't. You have to understand you looking at it from a different lens as opposed to everybody else. Everybody's not looking at it from your viewpoint. Everybody's not looking at it from your lens. And the perspective in which you know and understand how things work is different. It's because I think the thing is, is like to be successful, most successful people are highly, highly, highly motivated.


Don't Highly motivated, don't need any Outside help to be motivated. Nope. Nope. I gotta beg you to eat right. I gotta beg you to get conditioned. I gotta beg you to show up on time. Ocho I'm paying you 50 million and it's just not I'm, look, we using professional there guy, there are people out there making a hundred thousand, 200,000, 300,000. Right bro. Show up on time. Oh, that job will be there when I'm dead and gone. And you gonna be out of it while you alive? I I just don't get it sometimes. And, and and but Ocho but you understand why people are successful.


Yeah. No matter what they do. Mm, they're successful. Yeah, because it's a, it's a commitment. It's a singular focus to be great. And what does that look like? What does that take? Everybody talks about gr ocho, everybody don't wanna be great. A lot of people wanna talk about being great. Right. And I'm not saying, I'm not saying be great So you can own a business. Everybody is not meant to own a business. Right. They're not. And there, there, there are varying levels, degrees of success. Right. But There are certain things, there are certain foundational pieces that go hand in hand with success.


And I don't believe you can skip the process. You can or skip the steps in order to enjoy that level of success. You can't. I I I just don't believe you can. I mean others like, look, I disagree with the Lakers. I think AD was playing phenomenal. He's played phenomenal every year except the year he's been hurt. It's not easy being a first option to LeBron. 'cause LeBron is still LeBron. Look at LeBron. Look what he did last night. A 33 point triple double. He was the best player on the court. Yeah. And the other team had two all stars, Kat and Jalen Brunson. And nobody's that in that arena.


Nobody that watched that game can leave that game saying LeBron James wasn't the best player on the court. He's 40. But I just saw ad the other night before he tweaked that abdominal muscle go get me. 43 and 20. I saw that. Was it 43 20 or was it was, was it 40 and 20 or 36 and 23 With nasty work? Yes. And na Oh, he could, I mean, I mean he's, he there a whole lot of guys like ad he had 42 points, 23 rebounds, OCHO and what, two blocks?


I think there Ain't a whole lot of guys that can play that side of the ball. Yeah. Offensively give you those numbers. He's 26 and 12 and play defense. Defend a pick and roll can defend one through five, can help weak side. Right. Block shots, rebound assist. And a whole lot of guys. They ain't, there ain't there ain't three. First of all, the only guy that's comparable to him is Giannis. But Giannis can't defend. I I still don't believe Giannis can defend like ad can. Right? Nah. And boys man, that's crazy. Just still thinking about that.


And they trade, they trade a young bull away like that. That good? That should, but, but guess what? They trying to take some of the power back. Y'all don't wanna play, y'all don't want to do this and, and we don't do, Hey, Hey, I'm, I'm telling you when that You trying, you talking about they trying to take some of that power back. Listen. So you playing NFNB when you playing NBA players, that kind of money, the kind of money they make, it's gonna be, it's still fuck you money. No matter what You telling me I can't get 3 45 but I can still get 2 89 or 2 29 or whatever it be. That's still fuck you money. They will never be able to reel them boys back in ever.


Not until they until they don't have G It's hard to really be when you got guaranteed money. Man, I tell you. Kiss my butt. Wow. Beyonce Cowboy Carters win Best Country album. Grammys. Oh, you was coming up as say Ash was upset. Ocho we have some Grammy upset or Grammy upset Grammy update Kanye West and Bianca, since I saw that sensor were not kicked out of the Grammys.


Despite early reports, ah, as nominee Kanye walked the red carpet imposed with Bianca, the two then got into their car left, but they turned heads with their arrival with Bianca leaving little to the imagination by going completely naked underneath a sheer mini dress. I mean it's, I mean what what it it's, it's come it's puer mean. This is, this is expected. It is expected. What what, what does he do? How do I make a splash? How do I take advantage of this moment? It's you Kanye, it's the grip and nah, nah, nah, nah. I used the Grammys. What do I do?


I use my m to make my statement and she made the statement. I mean it's, I mean we've all, we've all seen ass and titties before, you know? Yeah. But I ain't really trying to see it out in public. Not at an event like that. Ocho That's the whole point where I just said he to make the statement. How do you make the statement and grab the attention? How do you grab the headlines? You do it exactly what they did and it worked. She got some nice nevermind. Nah, I, I wanna to get in trouble. Kendrick Lamar won Grammy for a record of the year and then later won another Grammy for Song of the Year.


Not like us, except an A Award from Diana Ross. This is what it's about, man. Because at the end of the day, nothing is more powerful than rap music. I don't care what it is. We're our culture and it's always gonna stay here and live forever. None. That's live. Beyonce won Grammy Grammy for Album of the Year for Cowboy Carter. Hold on. This is her first album of the year, isn't it? I think it's because normally Taylor Swift, I think it's won four, has beaten her, has beaten her out a couple times. I think she's got all these Grammys. But I think Cowboy Carter is her first album of the year.


Hey hold How she win Grammy for Album of the Year and she ain't get no Country music award. That's some bull Jack Ocho. Hey, How Ocho How How am I the Super Bowl? How am I the MVP of League and I don't make the Pro Bowl. I don't know. But I know one thing. You need to save your money up 'cause we, we, we going on tour for what? Beyonce Man, please. She talking about, she goes she announced a tour. Yeah, I know she did. Oh, I listen, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm I'm gonna call, I'm gonna make the make, I'm gonna make the call. We gonna fly where she is and we gonna sit down and and we gonna talk to B.


Yeah. What happened? Nightcap Nightcap featuring Beyonce. Yeah, I got you. She won what on? She won. So she won, she won Grammy of Album of the year for Cowboy Carter. Did she win anything? She won Country Album too, right? Yeah, yeah. Country Album of the Year. Well, congratulations, Beyonce. Look, she's the most, if I'm not mistaken, I think she's the most decorated singer in Grammy history.


I don't think anybody has more than she does. And she finally has an album of the year, if I'm not mistaken. Right. Album of the year. Right. Okay. I like, like that. Congrats Beyonce. Well done. Alicia Keys says, DEI is not a threat. It's a gift in powerful speech. She was presented with the Dr. Dre Global Impact Award at the 2025 Grammys. Queen Latifah presented Alicia with the honor, calling her a global force in her acceptance speech. She gave a shout out to female musicians like Missy Elliott, Linda Perry, and more saying, I always had to fight for certain level of respect as a songwriter, composer, and especially producer, it's strange that we think women as producers like Quin, we don't think of women as producers like Quincy Jones, Dr.


Dre Swizzy, her husband Swizz. But female producers have always powered the industry. Good job. Good job. Hello, Alicia.


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from heavy hitters like Mackin, Udo Monte Cristo Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason Run.


Ever wonder what it's like to be on the phone with an NFL General manager as you finalize the biggest contract in NFL History? I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First, where we've negotiated $1.4 billion in current NFL quarterback contracts. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. Along with my co-host Brian Murphy. Athletes first CEO. We're pulling back the curtain on how these historic deals come together. You'll hear directly from the agents who shaped the NFL's financial landscape, the ones who negotiated Justin Herbert's extension and Deshaun Watson's fully guaranteed contract that sent Shockwaves through the league. This isn't just about the numbers though, it's about the untold stories behind these massive negotiations and the relationships. The NFL superstars like Dak Prescott, Tua Viola and Jordan Love have with their agents at Athletes First. For the First time ever, the agents who orchestrate these deals are sharing the details of the negotiations and everything that led up to their client signing on the dotted line. Listen to The Athletes First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Alright Ocho, now is time for our last segment of the evening q and a. I got goddamn chap funny tale man. Ah, Johnny er said Y Pensacola, Florida. Stand up, shout out to Nightcap and the for two family. I guess that's a, yeah. Thank you Johnny for tuning in, supporting the homie. Appreciate that Rayquan Howard. Hey Uncle Ocho, love the show. Keep up success.


I just got my wisdom teeth removed two days ago. May I get a birthday? Shout out. It's on the 23rd. Absolutely. Thank you for your support, Rayquan. Thanks. We greatly appreciate that. You supporting the show Heal Up. Take your time man. You don't wanna get them things. In fact, boy, you don't want them things. What did they call that? Dry something. Dry socket. A rayquan Dry Socket. Listen to what that dentist say bro. That ain't nothing to be played with. So well we thank you for the support Robert Gomez, congrats on all this success. Thank you for my birthday. Shout out. My wife and I had lobster for dinner.


Hey, got that wig in. Whatcha y'all Looking forward to this year? Success OCHO and I just wanna build on what we've created since 23. Gonna try to do, just get better and better each tour, each show, try to get better and better. Mean Nightcap. We got some awards. Don, y'all finally got my BET award. Hey, where mine at? Beautiful club C. Okay. We No, we nominated. We nominated, we nominated for the N NAACP Image Award. Hold On. So I'm not part of Club Shay. Shay Yeah. You you a big supporter club Sheha.


Yeah Man. But Yeah, hopefully we can, hopefully we can get a a what it naacp man we get the NAACP in with award ocho. Hey, I got a question. What if we get the end NAACP award? Do we get to go to like we get to go somewhere where they can present it to us? Present It. Yeah. Okay. Because I, I I already got my suit ready. I got my tux ready. Yeah. You won't be able to hit me in the ass with a red apple. We win that. Hey, hey, there's, there's a good chance you know the good, the good Lord has favor now. Oh yeah. Yeah. Jeremy Scott said I remember last year when the Mavs g annoyingly taking a beer from Luca doesn't seem so funny now.


Yeah, it doesn't. It's unfortunate. Very. I hope it all works. A dab Smith said, I don't care if Lucas was 300 pounds. You don't trade generational player that took a team to the finals just last year. If the pelicans can still keep Zion after the problems he calls you damn sure can keep Luca. Well it's coming. I mean if they can get a deal, if they can get a a fair, if they can get a deal for, look, I thought they probably could have extracted more ad the 30, 20, 30 first, 2031 first round pick.


They probably could have got some pick swaps. Right. But hey, But Zion isn't in line line to get 345 million because you are gonna have to make a decision. Ocho Yeah, you're gonna have to make a decision this summer. Listen, Wait, wait, wait, wait. Time out before you even finish the decision would be easy to make based on what I've gotten in the past. So I'm gonna just, I'm gonna lead. I'm, I'm gonna just say that it's, it's easy to make. I ain't doing it. I ain't doing it. Why would I, I let somebody else take that on. That's what they did.


How many times you seen receivers? We know Florida guy AB sixth and consecutive 100 Catch seasons. Mm six Might not ever be done again. Ocho. He did it. Yeah. Steven said nah, think about the pace to was on. Mm. Real deal. Yes. They Will tolerate you. Listen.


Yeah. They will tolerate you until they can replace you. They're not gonna let you hold their franchise hostage. They're not gonna let a player hold 'em hostage ocho. Yes. Even if it be, hey, they're not. Don't matter who y'all. Victor Castro love to show y'all where Anthony Davis fit with the mouth. Yeah. Kyrie pick and roll pick and pop. He got lively to play the five. He could have gaffer play the five. He could slide to the four and then late in the ball games if he need to, he can go to the five.


'cause he is the guy, you know li likely lively. Isaiah Lively is not the, the greatest free throw shooter Right. In Africa ad's like 80 something percent. So then he goes the main last five minutes of the game, he can slide back to the five. But absolutely, absolutely they got a couple spot got a, a Clay that can spot up the shoot. Not today, not withstanding, they gave up 91 first half points to the Cavaliers the most in a half since the play by play started in 9 96, 97. I think the Phoenix sons scored the most in a half. They scored 107. Yeah. So 90 and a half is crazy work. 90 scored 50 in the first quarter.


41 in the second Crazy work. D Smith the same Luca with these problems ran through the west on one leg while the Sixers big up Bill and Bead has a sniffed deal at finals and still with the Sixers. Bro, you can't, comparison is a thief for Joy the way one person is like one family man. They let they kids go out and come in whenever they want to. Your mom and dad didn't do that. You can't say because they did that over there. I should be able to do that to them here. That ain't the way it works. No, I know one thing they about to have to pay Luca $350 million and they said we don't believe it's only going to get worse.


Yeah. I don't know why people don't understand. I I love Luca. I, Luca is phenomenal. Anybody that's tracked me since I was on undisputed know what I think of Luca. But I had these concerns. I said it Y'all gotta stop saying because Oh look what the Pelicans do with Zion. Look what the officials do with with with Joel mbi. That's not the Mavs and Lucas' salary was about to be Joel MBI and Zion's combined. Oh that's crazy. Ooh boy. A them boy be making that money. They make that fit. You hear me?


That's good. Money Did Team majors. Team majors said DeLuca pull a hard to get to a bigger market. Yeah, I might have pulled that after I got that 3 45. I damn sure ain't gonna pull it before. No. Oh no. Nope. Not me. Ocho I'm gonna get all by bread. I got you. Me, you both Isaiah Lancaster. Uncle Ocho wasn't healthy. Who's better running back Run CM Run Christian McCaffrey or Saquon? I think CMC because he is a three down back also. I think the Lakers should get Miles Turner. What do you think?


Who you like Ocho Saquon or Cmac? Woo. That's a good one. Saquon. Cmac is C Cmac is he's, he's he's, he's in the conversation for Saquon. I'm gonna take Saquon just for the ability to stay healthy. See Matt, catch this miss too much time. Mocho. It's too much time. Listen, When he's on the field he's sensational. Yeah, he was offensive player of the year. Just last year can run the ball give you 13, 1400 yards. Can catch another 80, 90 balls outta the back field. Sensational. Just can't stay healthy. Black Fabio Levon left the keys on the table for ad to take them, but for some reason ad kept bringing the key back, the keys as if he forgot if LeBron forgot them on, on accident.


What you think Ojo LeBron said it himself Huh? Before the season started, I'm giving the key, I'm turning the keys over to ad you know I thought ad played well. He, he was played, he was playing Well he, I thought he played, he I thought he played well every year. He is been there with the exception of the season that he is got hurt, got hurt and he's done a better job of keeping, of, of, of being available, of being accountable, being there And obviously is not enough. M and from Rogers, Lou Ocho What butter products really work? What Products? I gotta get Ocho some. Let him see o see on you see how this old, this old?


What kind of product? It right here. What's that? Products for my face. Oh, okay, okay, okay. You know I, I use, I use, Oh, you put some on your head though? Nah, I, I use fair and white black soap. That's why, that's why I look so young. Well that black washing off on you Honestly, LeBron to the Warriors, the leaguers are moving on from LeBron era and going to international. Going international with it. Hunter LeBron has a no trade. How'd that work? He can boy, he can void it though. I don't think LeBron didn't come here to go somewhere else. He, LeBron done signed two contracts extension with the Lakers.


What'd that mean? Huh? He chose to come back. Okay. Because when you a free agent, you do realize you have the option to leave. You know how free agent work Right? Miss, I understand what you're talking about, but we've seen Stranger things happen. We've seen LeBron ain't going to. Alright. Kirby Asian dog Happy tent Vietnamese New Year at Nightcap fam. May you all be blessed with good health and happiness. Always. Thank you Kirby Asian doll. Thank you. Kirby. Asian doll. Curvy Asian ash love Vietnamese food. Lemme take that back. Ash loves all food. Ain't nothing Ash doesn't love Vietnam.


Thai. Oh yeah, she don't eat. Yeah, I ain't gotta worry about nothing. She ain't gotta eat nothing in my Tupperware. It'll still be there. Nah, but, oh, I like Thai food. I like Vietnamese. I like sushi. I like Ash. Just say what? Yeah, nothing. Absolutely nothing. Frank Tank 9 21. Unc, I watched the little Yachty interview today. It was great. He did so give his blessing for you to date his mom on the low. I she's a stepper unc man. Hey, ain't listening to Yachty. Somebody talking about Yachty was trying to tell in the most respectful way he need, he needed to date somebody his age.


And I told Yai in the most respectful way, I ain't listening to it. So we both were very respectful. Nah, but I lo I I love having that interview with Yadi. He, he was great. That was a good one. What's up Uncle Ocho? Ocho Do you have any recommendations of restaurants or things to do in downtown Miami? I'll be on vacation in that area soon. Listen, if you're gonna be on vacation area soon, make sure you hit me up and let me know. I'm there for one. Right. If you happen to go there and I'm not there, I need you to do me a favor. I want you to write down two things real quick. I don't know if you have a pen or a pad anywhere near you, but take your phone and put this in your notes. You gotta try Smith and, excuse me, you have to try Smith and Webster.


It's in Coral Springs, Smith and Webster. Matter of fact, when you get there, tell 'em Ocho sent you. Is it a steakhouse? No. No. It's, it, it, it is a nice cuisine. KV von Webster spoke. Right? Okay Then, okay, After you try Smith the Webster, I need you to try. I crave. It's another, another another nice soul food spot. It's in the inner city where I grew up. Okay? Matter of fact, when you get there, tele mocho Ocho sent you. Now, when you, when you use my name right, you are not gonna have to pay. It's on me. Now the third place I want you to try is Tootsies. Now this is, this is a, it is a family, a family oriented environment. You and your girl, you and your wife, whoever it may be, you go there, enjoy yourself, makes you go upstairs.


Now, when you get to the door, make sure you say Ocho sent you So you can get the VIP treatment to go upstairs, get a shoulder rub, get some food. Me personally, I like the seafood, rice and lobster tail with the chocolate cake coke, no ices. And they can make a latte too. They have cigars as well. Reason McKinley. Hey uncle, no Cho, would you wish my fiance Elijah? Happy birthday please. And please also pray for us. We lost our five month old daughter suddenly passed on one 14. Keep grinding, reach.


First of all, we're I condole wanna send our thoughts and prayers out to you, our deepest condolences to you and your family. I know that's tough, that's really, really tough. But we appreciate you tuning in and watching UNC and Ocho. We greatly appreciate that. And Elijah, happy birthday. You got a strong lady in your life. This is the right one for you because even though she's going through what she's going through, she thought enough of you to wanna shout you out. So Bri, thank you Elijah. Happy birthday and again, sorry for your loss. JCO Jordan, when it's all said and done, people are going to realize appreciate the podcast like Nightcap was made.


Uncle Ocho, you, Torema Amma, appreciate you, bro. Thank you. Thank you for your support. Thank you for watching and we greatly, greatly appreciate that.


Oh Joe, that concludes this episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join the Nationwide 5G network Today, y'all know me, I'm your favorite aunt, the Liberty City legend, the bingo ring of Fame honor. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


And we want to thank you again for your continued support. Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. What better way to celebrate 2025 than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter. Now if you cannot find it in a city or a state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to your door. And one favor, please Drink responsibly. Oh, second favor, stay safe. Please go follow my media company page on all of its platform, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out everything we mean, everything just restock. Use code Super Bowl for an additional 10% off. We've also dropped new beanies in every color.


We've also introduced gift cards available from 25 to $500. Take the guess work out of it and let someone special pick exactly what they want. Chief fan Eagle fans, NFL fans alike. Tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans are on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Unfortunately, the BIP meet and greet tickets are officially sold out, but there's still plenty of tickets left for you to attend the big show. February the sixth in New Orleans at the Mahalia Jackson Theater. Be there. Big guest coach, prime Master P Juvie, flavor FLA and Deebo, James Harrison are just a few of the massive guests that we have planned for you guys.


Both Nightcap and Club Shehe are both nominated for NAACP Image Awards. Nightcap was nominated outstanding podcast, arts, sports and Entertainment Club. Shehe was nominated outstanding Podcast Society and Culture and Me Club. She, Shannon Sharp, was nominated Entertainer of the Year. Please go vote for us. The link is pinned at the top in our social bios. We wanna thank Jamal Crawford, Mark Jackson for joining us to break down this trade, this blockbuster trade. Luca Donit goes to the Lakers for Anthony Davis, max Christie and a 20, A 2031 first round draft pick. There was also a Trade D Fox got traded to the San Antonio Spurs.


Zach Levine goes to the Sacramento Kings. I don't think the NBA is done yet. There's gonna be some more movement and maybe not. This is to the surprise of what we got with Luca and AD because it was so hush. Right? They've been talking about this D and Fox, they've been talking about Zach Levine getting traded for the better part of a year and a half. They've been talking about D Fox, the Aaron Fox getting track trade damn near for the last two to three months. But this, this one caught everybody off off guard. Luka Don is now Los Angeles Laker. Anthony Davis is now Dallas Maverick.


That concludes this episode of Nightcap. Thank you for joining us. I'm Unc. He's Ocho. We will see you Wednesday. Radio row, radio row, baby. See you Guy. Huh? Actually, it's called Nightcap, but it'll be Day Cap because we're gonna be coming to you during the day in New Orleans. Thank you guys. The Volume


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 With the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust. The name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to Fame smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirrorball Trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Let's have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. And you will be glad you did.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.