
When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out. But with HubSpot, they can achieve their best results without the stress. Tap into HubSpot's collection of AI tools. Breeze to pinpoint leads. Capture attention and access all your data in one place. Keep your marketers cool and your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more


When it's tip off time. At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime. Video. This Thursday the AFCs oldest rivalry is rekindled as the Pittsburgh Steelers visit the Cleveland Browns join Al Michaels, Kirk Herb Street and Kaley Hartung for this exciting matchup. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's Best party TNF tonight Live from Cleveland. Not a Prime member, not a problem. Simply Sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. It's the Steelers and the Browns. 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football, and it's on Prime Video Restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device, qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


What's good? Justin Jefferson Here Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds, To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports Book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code Money Moves. That's code Money Moves for new customers to get 150 in. Bonus bet if your wins when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction. Boy in Ontario won no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dkg.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. As you watch the Texans go on the road into at t Stadium Jerry's World and beat the absolute dog poop out of the Cowboys by the score of 34 to 10. I am your favorite. Onk Shannon Sharp. He is your favorite. 85. He's a Liberty City's native. Yeah, that's me. Bingo. Ring of Fame artery. That's me. The Pro Bowl of the All Pro. Yeah, that's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him ocho. Please make sure you subscribe. Please make sure you hit that like button and subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We thank you for your support. We thank you for your continued support and your loyalty. Make sure you check out Shea by La Portier.


We do have an abundance in stock, realizing the holidays were right around the corner, so if you cannot find it in a city or state near you, you can order it and we'll get it to you Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Year's. Make sure you have a very festive holiday. And do us a favor, please make sure you d drink you drink responsibly. Please Go follow my media company page on all this platforms. That's she, she Media and my clothing company. That's 84 with 84 being spelled out. I was held when I was. Well I'm currently wearing, I'll lie for you before I lie to you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Black Night Camp hoodies stay with me now is also in the hoodie form and our best seller, UNC and OCHO ts. And guess what? We have it in black.


The UNC and OCHO T now comes in black. Do us a favor, make sure you go get yours while quality quantities are limited. Make sure you grab yours while supplies last. ocho. Yeah. The Texas did a job on them. The Texas beat the Cowboys about to score 34 to 10. I I predicted the final score would be 30, 27, 13. Right. They got several more points. Dallas got three fewer points. But anytime you allow Cooper Rush to throw the ball 55 times Yeah. You get exact you deserve, you earn what you get. Yes sir. An ass whipping. Yeah, that's what the Cowboys got. That's what they earned. And it connected. Ain't no way in hell Cooper Rush supposed to throw the ball 55 times.


Well, so, so you you, the fact that they don't have a running game, how did you expect them to be able to move the ball up and down the field? You don't clearly They ain't got a passing game either. They going, they throw fight to 55 times. They got 10 points. The offensive line is terrible. Ocho Oh yeah. Yeah. I'll watch Zack Martin. If Zack Martin is going to the Hall of Fame on the first ballot. Yes sir. I watch him get beat with a swim move. Three consecutive plays. Yeah. One for Sack, he got rid of the ball and the next play boom, three consecutive plays. He, he, He Barnett was wearing the guy with the, with the swim. Yeah. He not the same. Who's the other, who's the other guy? Danell Hunter. Yes sir. Danell Hunter was do we like he's on the dance floor. He hit him with the swim one move he hit him with the rip, then he turned his back and spin.


He do away like, man, I'm just, I'm just clowning. And Michael looking on the sideline, he looking up the jumbotron thinking to himself and I know exactly what he's thinking. Damn, I wish I could rush against these. Sorry, mofo. I have me about eight sacks in a game. Yeah. Yeah. He would. Yeah. But they're bad. The offensive line is bad. Mm. The defensive line isn't any good. Right. Jerry didn't address the issue as far as being able to stop the run. Right. They want to play from, for a lead from with they lead. But don't your, what happens when you don't get a lead? Yeah. It's the same thing. It's the same thing if you can't get the lead and a team can just run bludgeon you. Yeah. Now what do you got? You got a bunch of undersized guys that can't stand up against the rush mixing 20 rushes 109 yards, three touchdowns.


They had to ran 25 times for a buck 41. Yeah. Mixing had all three tubs. T CJ 23 of 34, 2 57. No touchdowns won in interceptions. Offensive line did a great job. Only gave up one sack while the Texas defense got after Cooper Rush sacked him five times. They should have picked him off another two or three times. Yeah. I mean the ball hit the guy right in the chest. Ocho Stingley had one dropped. Yeah. I think it's Harrison. He had one dropped it. But the cowboy, look, hey, at this point in time, Ocho I'll just play, I would just play Trey Lance. So, because what are you hoping for? Right? Just go try to get the worst pick you could possibly keep pick. It's time to rebuild.


Your offensive line is trash from from left to right. Right. Is all of them, not now. Except, I mean, Smith, you can work with Smith. I think it's Ty, Ty ty Smith. Yeah. You can work with him. But the rest of them, Listen, it's, it's, it's, it's always been time to rebuild for them obviously for, for daks sake. And before Dak is able to come back, there's only so much the cowboys can do. This's only so much Jerry Jones can do as far as rebuilding is concerned. You can't build every, every goddamn aspect of your, of your team. You can only do so much in the offensive line. You can only do so much in on the defensive line to be able to get pieces in there that can, that can, that can be adequate, that can hold up where you can compete at the level you need to compete at, you know, to compete for a championship or you, or you.


So say Jerry Jones is a little bit stubborn. I think he doesn't know. Maybe, maybe you can see it. If you can see it and the rest of the world can see it. I'm not sure he can because the things that he going to need to do to make the move necessary to compete, he's probably not going to wanna spin. So I think that's gonna be a problem. It's gonna be kind of a kind of a, a pulling tug for him and, and thinking he knows what he needs to do to be able to compete and win when he doesn't even know. Wait, hold on. Where people, how do, how do you say it the right way where he says, I'm the gm, I'm the one that knows what needs to be done. Yeah. The team, he says nobody can do a better job. He said no one can do a better job than him. Beam. The team that he has assembled, he feels is, is adequate enough to be able to compete.


So he's not gonna listen. You can see it clear as day. I can see it clear as day. The cowboy fans, they, they probably gonna see it clear as they, They finally starting to see it. If they haven't seen it, They not, I don't, I don't think they're not gonna make any moves. And then I, I hear all the speculation, but I don't wanna jump into that part yet. 'cause I'm sure we we gonna talk about that. But but go ahead. The cowboy, the, the, they, they got, they have a long way to go. They have a long way to Ocho But you're saying a complete rebuild. Normally when people redo their house, they do the kitchen. Yeah. And they say they do it taking a step. Yeah. They do the kitchen, then they'll do the bathroom, they'll do the den. They might do the lawn, might do the roof. They don't, everybody, everybody don't do a complete restoration at once. Okay. Okay. I See what you're Talking about.


But because Jerry has allowed everything to get so dilapidated. Right. He has no choice. You can't do, you cannot do a bathroom rebuild when your roof leaking. You can't do, you can't do a roof a, a, a restoration when you, when your house infested with rats. Right. That's what Jerry has allowed to happen. Yes, sir. He has a rundown dilapidated building. Both literally and figuratively. Because you saw families dropping from the ceilings. Yeah, Yeah. From the ceiling. So that's what has happened because you can't tell him nothing. It's hard to tell a man something that's worth that amount of money. See, and a lot of times you have yes.


Men around you because they tell you what you want to hear, not what you need to know. Nobody is telling Jerry, Jerry, actually, honestly, dad, honestly, Jerry, you doing a hair, you're doing a terrible job. Mm. Ain't nobody gonna say that. There ain't nobody gonna Exactly. Can you Can't. That's why he said You get your water cut off, you get your water cut off. You can't, you can't say Right. That, what do you saying? Nobody has told, nobody has told him. Remember we was talking about the tours that come through when the players are there. He said, nobody ever told me that it was a problem. Yeah. Like somebody gonna tell you, Jerry, what the hell are you do? Right. It's a problem. Of course not. Yeah. Acting like, especially during football season, acting like it's the goddamn museum.


It's, that's how, that's how he treats it. But I don't know. They haven't won a game at home. And the game that, and the games that they're, they're, they're, they're losing. They lost the last six home games. 34 to 10 over 24, 34 to 6 47 to nine. The closest they came to winning was, was the Ravens. And the Ravens had 'em down really bad, but they fought back. They lost 28, 25. They lost 44, 19 48, 32. And the lastly, they've trailed by at least 20 points in all six games. An NFL record. Yeah. And Jerry claimed, but he, he all in. I, I don't, I don't, I don't think he understands what all in mean. I think he meant, he meant all in as far as the two players are concerned that was supposed to get paid.


Yeah. And they didn't even, they weren't even all in because they didn't get paid on time to be in goddamn time for practice. It should have been the mini cam. They should have been. Oh, I, I don't know what, what'd he say Ocho Well, I don't know what CD would've got on practice. He'd have got a c chemistry, I mean, for, for them to guys to lead the league in reception and, and, and in quarterback. He had reception. Yes. Ocho This year you would've never knew that CD had played with that. Yeah. Yeah. And j that, that, that tells not only the casual fan, but it tells it, it tells Jerry how important all the things that you do, the necessary steps that are taken in the all season, how important that is before the season even hits.


You don't know what you don't know and what you do. You surround yourself with people. They do. Your people are supposed to be like mirrors your real view. Yeah. Because sometimes objects are, are closer than they appear. Yeah. Yeah. You sound like my grandma. But Jerry can't see that. Jerry can't see the forest for the trees and because he wants to be the smartest guy in the room. And he's not, he's not, he's not. Jerry doesn't know front. Jerry doesn't know coverages. Jerry doesn't know formations. He doesn't know protections. He doesn't, and it's okay, but it's the pretending like he does. That's, that's what irks me. Right. If you don't know, like Clark Hunt doesn't know Virginia McCaskey.


She doesn't know. Right. Steve Busti, he doesn't know. Right. Owners don't know that. Right. Jerry doesn't know it either, but he pretends and he like the, he try to fool the fans. Well, I I nobody could do that Jerry. You don't know bro. And it's okay. I don't know everything that I need to know, but I like to think I've surrounded myself with enough good people that do know got, you know, that can help Shannon in areas where he's weak. Right. Guide you in the right direction. And the Bible, the old man used to pray in the church, Ocho, they say, God strengthen me where I'm weak. Build me up where I'm toing down. You see what, you see what I'm saying? I'm weak in the area. I need you to strengthen me there. And if I'm up here, bring me down.


Hold on. Stop right there. Hold on. Hey, I been thinking about guys have lost 34 to 10. 34 to 6 28, 25 was the closest they came to having a victory home. They lost 44 19. Wow. And they lost 48 to 32. Look at the numbers that they're giving up that Hold on. God strengthened me now that that's, that's a good one. There Strengthened me where I'm weak. See that's what Jerry build me up where I'm touring down. Ooh.


Ah. But I'm gonna let you, I'm gonna let, I'm gonna let Jerry, I'm, but you know what, I think the fans are starting to see Jerry full of car call. Jerry doesn't know nearly as much as he says he does. And it's not, it's not the fact of if you know what people can understand. If you don't know something, it's the pretending. Yeah. That, You know, I just do know. Yeah. And they allow people to see Jerry ain't know what the hell he was talking about. Yeah. He don't Ocho did you hear those scores? 30 14? Yeah. 34 to 6 47. 9 28, 25, 4. I mean, look at all these. 44. All these forties.


More than 48. 44, 47 more. And you remember the Lions, the lions running back show a phase to a tackle. Yeah. A Running Alea flicker to attack. Yeah. Play. Just, they ran Alea flicker to tackle the Lions was just, they just making up stuff. They, they, they doing backyards football. Well, hell, you know the funny thing, we'll get a, like, you know, we'll give 'em a pass on the line because the lion doing and everybody like that. They just hung 52. They just hung 52 in the goddamn jags. Oh, Joe. Hey, hey. They could have hung four if they wouldn't called all them damn funerals. They hung 4 50 50 on the, on the Cowboy. Oh yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. I mean, that's a situation Ocho you know, when you playing little league football and you blowing somebody out and they're like, Hey coach, can I get there?


He come off his live, they put in a big fat ass in there running back. God, God, God, you, you blowing the off somebody. Right. They got a live in there. He got number 73 on there and you handed hit him the ball. Right. And he gonna run a touchdown. That's what the lions were doing to the Cowboys. Yeah. And that defense, y'all ain't got no. Do you got any pride? Do you got any pride? Got you got. If anything, if you don't play for the star on the helmet, at least play for the, for the last name on the back of the name on The back. The la name on the back of the jersey. I cannot have my name walking Away. That's what I see. Yeah. On camera, on camera. That name and that number.


I need mine to always stick out. I don't care how the situation is around us, how bad it is. But when they turn on that film, there's One thing that's gonna pop out. I'm just, I mean, if I was a cowboy, I'm just, Shh ocho and it might have got outta hand. Had they call that Nico College Playback the first play of the game. How you give up 80 plus yards on the first play of the game. Mojo First play The first Play. Hey, can you help me understand something? How did Referee saying it's a lineman too. Wait, how, how you say it? Lineman too far down. Ineligible man. Downfield. What is the lineman doing? Do they not know? They have to stay behind the line of scrimmage and not go forward? I think he can be one.


I think he can be what, one to two yards down the field. He wasn't that far down the damn field. But if you saw later in the, in the game. Right. How many passes interference did they call in Dallas Saber Trying to make it a ball game. Okay. Dallas too good to even benefit from penalty. Right. I don't know why y'all calling. Y'all just wasting time. Y'all just drawing out the game. Yeah. Right. If, hey, I, if I call the Cowboys game, I'm eating my penalty. I done called and got me some, a General Joe's chicken and some y'all ain Finn, y'all ain't been make my Chinese, my Chinese bill get cold. Yeah. Help y'all. I already know y'all on some bull drive. Right. It It, as a matter of fact, I would tell my wife to sew my flag in my pants. I can't pull it out.


Right. It's it's bad. It's bad over there on it's, it's, It's terrible. It's, It's bad. So how, how, how do you think outside of, outside of having to revamp the offensive line, the defensive line and, and getting a little, some, some, some bigger hogs, you know, for, for the lack of better terms upfront. You got, you got draft, you got D in the draft. You're not finding nobody in the draft. Huh? But, but you, you don't have a choice, Joe. Just like they found Zack Martin, just like they find Tyran Smith once they have, what was the guy Travis? What was the guy, the center? Fred, Travis, Frederick. Okay. Once Travis, Travis Frederick was the anchor, they drafted.


I mean they went consecutive years where they drafted all pros. Right. And what happened was Frederick had an injury that he left early then what he should have. Right. And they let Tyron Smith injury pile up. They didn't have an adequate replacement. Zach Martin. So guess what happened? Everybody gets old and starts to deteriorate. Right, right. At the same time. Right. Not what you got. Ocho You ain't got nothing on. You ain't got, you ain't got nothing. Zach Martin is not the same. And everybody else is just, is is bare minimum at best. And I I I hate, I hate saying that. I I hate saying it. No, these are NFL players. These are the best of the best. But to compete at the level that they need to, again, to compete at the level that they need to weak in and weak out is bare minimum.


No, It's not even, not even close Ocho. And, and and that's what, that's what happens if you wait until your car's on its last legs. It's too late Ocho. Oh, that's a good One. That's why, that's why you supposed to get it serviced all the time. That's a good one. That's why you supposed to check. Yes sir. But they were such great players and I get it. But even if you have to draft their replacement and play 'em at other positions until they're ready to move on. Right now, you got your left tackle in waiting. Now you got your right guard in waiting. Now you're gonna have to develop these guys on the fly. And the likelihood of you getting a, I mean, look, think about how long it was they had Larry Allen. Think about how long it took 'em to get from Larry Allen leaving until they got Zack Martin.


Yeah, But that's a long time boy. Or, or when they had Ho Hotel Adam Flo. Now Flo wasn't what Ty Smith is. Right. Tyre Smith is, is, is is a future hall of famer. But he let the roster get, he let the offensive roster go down too much. Right. And defensively, because you know why? Because he was too busy blaming coaching. He let the fans coach talk him in and say it's the coach's fault. It was Mike Nolan's fault. It was a Monte KIPP's fault. Right. It was Chris Richard's fault. It was always someone else's fault except me than what the player. Because see, I can't blame the players 'cause I picked those. See if I said, if I say it's the players that's gonna reflect negative on me.


Right. See, I can change the culture and like, oh yeah, hey, it was time for him to move on. But if I say Dallas is the direct tie to me. Right. And what's the other Martin? Wasn't Rod Marelli the coach in Dallas? Yeah. They, they blamed everybody, don't you? They blamed everybody. They done ran outta people to blame now. And guess what? You can't. Jared done fired. Jared done fired everybody. Right. They done blamed everybody. Now he's the last man standing and then Nothing has changed. So who's the problem? Who's the common


denominator When all your marketing team does is put out fires? They burn out fast, sifting through leads, creating content for infinite channels, endlessly searching for disparate performance KPIs. It all takes a toll. But with HubSpot, you can stop team burnout in its tracks. Plus your team can achieve their best results without breaking a sweat. With HubSpot's collection of AI tools Breeze, you can pinpoint the best leads possible. Capture prospect's attention with Clickworthy content and access all your company's data in one place. No sifting through tabs necessary. It's all waiting for your team in HubSpot. Keep your marketers cool and make your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more


when It's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championship seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, LaCour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Congratulations to 3:00 AM Innovations on their first place. Win for innovation in community. At this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business 3:00 AM used T-Mobile 5G to enable Florian the first AI enabled incident command platform for first responders. Florian's features include real-time tracking of personnel on a 3D map and voice activation. AI is used to filter out background noise until it hears a trigger word such as mayday, increasing situational awareness on the ground and improving onsite safety. This will shape rapid response moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates 3:00 AM for their unconventional thinking.


S Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You, feel good enough to go out there and play. You turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Hey, what's up guys? I'm Fred Warner, linebacker for the San Francisco 49 ERs. The holidays get really busy for me, but I still wanna pull up to events looking. My freshest abercrombie's latest drop of party looks is taking me through the season for date nights, hanging out with the fellas and even New Year's Eve, they have outfits for every occasion. I'm big on sweater, polos and trousers with a wool blend coat over top for those really fancy holiday events. Abercrombie has suiting options too. Shop Abercrombie for every night out,


According to Adams as Shefter. Bill Belichick seen as a likely to be among Jerry Jones. Top head coach options, Shefter said lots of speculation swirling about the cowboy, what the Cowboys would do, right? People have even even thought about Coach Belichick having been spotted in Dallas last week. It can be confirmed that Bill Belichick was in Dallas last week, but it was the, it wasn't to meet with the Cowboys, it was for previous speaking engagement. Still that doesn't start the idea that there are people across the league who continue to believe that Coach Belichick would be one of the top considerations for Jerry Jones after the season. Bill was not pleased with Dallas's effort tonight against Joe Mme. Mixon go tackle him.


You wear pads for a reason, go tackle him. Hmm. IIII don't see it. I don't, I don't see it. If you understand, for those that are in the chat, if you understand how Bill is, if you understand how he runs a ship, how he runs his ship, one of the main things that he, that he talks about is not talking no bullets and board material, keeping quiet. And to have an owner like Jerry Jones at the front center of everything, I think maybe he would like it in a sense. The fact that it takes away from him having to talk and be in front of the camera, in front of the media. He takes that spotlight. I think it's something that Bill might not like, but I think it gives too much bullets and board material to the other team and unnecessary pressure on the players as well.


But what happens when Coach Belichick comes in and say, this roster is not good enough to compete everybody on that roster, right? Is there at the behest of Jerry Mm. How is that gonna make Jerry look when he said nobody can do a better job selecting these players right. Than me And Coach Belichick comes in there and says, we're not good enough. Yeah, I mean that's, and listen, that's a conversation that would be had way beforehand. I'm, I'm not sure if, if, if even, you know, bill was able to even think about taking the, taking the job in Dallas. I mean, he would understand. Obviously I don't have a goddamn roster to be able to compete. And he would probably tell Jerry, you know, nor knowing Bill, who is a very, very honest, if you able to talk to him one-on-one man, Jerry, you, you, you lying.


Not, not only to yourself, you lying to the fans if you think Yeah, you got some fuzz on your neck, bro. I do. Yeah. You got it. I got it. Yeah. No you didn't. Yeah, Go ahead. It's gone. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I appreciate that. Appreciate But you're a good dude because you could just had me up here all fussy, the whole show. I appreciate that. Yeah. Hey, but hey, you know, knowing Bill, knowing Bill unc man, he, she'll tell Jerry right away, listen, I can't do nothing with this. I can't do nothing with this. Don't, don't give me scraps that I'm not, I don't mean to be disrespectful to the player. Don't gimme scraps and tell me to make a goddamn make a goddamn gourmet meal.


I'm not gonna be able to do it. Right. It's not gonna work. It's just hard. And I know people have said that. Coach Belichick says he doesn't need control. But it's hard. Didn't me, when you've had control for two plus decades to all of a sudden says, you know what, I answer to a GM or I got a pro personnel director and I got an answer to the owner. When you've never had, you had a direct line of communication straight to the owner. It, I, it, I'm not saying it can happen, but it's just hard for me to believe, to see a scenario that he can just give up that kind of autonomy when he is had it for such a long time. He, he would've to, he would've to understanding the way Bill runs his ship in order and, and I don't need you in my way.


I don't need you in my way. And doing what it takes to build a contender. I know what it takes. You've done it before. You have Super Bowl ring. I have Super Bowl rings. I think, I think, if I'm not mistaken, bill has two more than two more than the Cowboys, right? He has, he has six. The Cowboys have five. Okay, one more. But he has two of the defensive coordinator. So he has eight total. Damn. He won two with the Giants. He was the D coordinator with the Johnson 86 and 90. Listen, If, if, if at that point Jerry, should, you know what I give you the reins. If I'm just saying hypothetically speaking, if it's, if it's ever to happen, Jerry had to take a seat. He gotta take a seat. He gotta take a back seat. Let Bill does what he, he's already done.


He's already done. He knows what it takes. And this time in this era, he knows what the roster needs to look like. He knows what pieces need to do when it comes draft, when it comes draft time. Nobody does it better than Bill when it comes to breaking down film and understanding what type of players I need to build a goddamn team where Jerry relinquish that power. What Jerry like names build like guys that fit a particular scheme. He like smart players, he like players that fit a safety. That'll be a certain size. A linebacker will be a certain size defensive lineman will be a certain size. Yep. It's hard. Everybody can't play D-line in the scheme because his D-line is to eat up players. Yes sir. And let the linebacker free flow. Mm. And go make plays.


That's how, that's how he operates. He is a, he's a two gap guy. Yeah. He doesn't want you to run the football. Everybody has a responsibility. Do your responsibility. And, and I think this is work. I'm gonna put you in the right situation for you to do your job. Right. But it's gonna be very interesting to see what the Cowboys do for the rest of the season. O show a piece of metal falls from the stadium shortly after opening the roof and nearly lands on people while the roof was being open for the first time since 2022. It was then closed after the incident. See, you talk about Spirit Airlines and at t Stadium falling, falling apart. But you got, hold on, that stadium opened up in what, 2009? 2010.


So, I mean, theoretically Ocho it's kind of outdated. You think so? If you looking at it, oh man, if you looking at it Ocho man, these teams flipping these stadiums around, man, wait, hold on. Look at the Georgia Dome. Have you seen the Georgia Dome? Have you seen SoFi? They got, they got Mercedes-Benz, right? Huh? You seen SoFi? Yes. Oh my God, so far. Be, and look, and they have a lot of events at Jerry's world, right? Because that's the way the, the the, the the the building pays for itself, right? Is that, you know, how many events can you have there? How many truck pools and concerts and other football games and basketball games. How many other events other than NFL football games can you have at a venue SoFi's like look, we gonna have the opening ceremonies, we gonna have, I think they got the World Cup.


Yeah. They got so many, they got so many events that's gonna be held in SoFi. Right. And that's what, and and you gotta get the latest and greatest. Yes sir. You gotta put the sweets because that's where you make the lion share of your money. Money. Yeah. Because people are paying 500,000, a million dollars, $2 million every year. You wanna get, you wanna get a sweet Yeah. Yeah. And you gotta pay for the food that's going in there. Okay. Okay. So you don't, the the sweet is One thing. You gotta pay and that stuff ain't cheap. Nah. Hell, I think we paying $12 for a can of beer. When Ray and I had a suite on the 50 yard line, I mean we had a, we had a, we had a great deal. I mean we had a great deal. I mean, ain't too many players have a, have a, a suite on a 50 yard line. But that's what our suite Ray and our suite was right next to Mr.


Mo. Well, alright. Can't call him Mr. Rest his soul. He, he roll, he rolling over talking about, what'd I tell you by calling me Mr. Mo? Alright. Yeah. That, that's very expensive. But, and you see, I think the Bronx, I mean Mile high, it Safeco, Invesco, it's not, I don't know what it is. The stadium at Maya High. Right. They're looking to do a new stadium. You see Kansas City is about to do upgrades. Yeah. Soldier Field. They're about to move out a little further and they're about to build a new stadium. That's just, that's just the way it is. Ocho it's just state of the, you gotta go state of the art because you gotta have more things than just NFL football played in that building. And you gotta have luxury suites, you gotta have all these bells and whistles.


You need to have five star Michelin star chefs preparing the food and things of that nature. Yeah. It's a, it's a different ball game now. It's, I mean, going to, it used to be you go to the ball game Ocho Right. To watch the game. Now you go to these, it's an experience. Oh yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. It's an experience. They got fanfare. They got all the glitz and glam, they got people juggling and they got women dancing and they got concerts before, and they got concerts after, after. It is an experience not going to an, into a sporting event. Yeah. Yeah. That's the that's what, that's, that's, that's, that's And say all we need is some good food. Oh, Joe. Yeah. The December 9th, Monday night football matchup between the Bengals and the Cowboys looked very appealing when the schedule was released months ago before the season kicked off.


Networks like ESPN can work with the league to flex game out of a time slot and replace it with more exciting one. Right. But today it was revealed the game can't be flexed out for a truly hilarious and unexpected reason. The Simpsons for those asking the Bengals Monday night football game is not eligible to be flexed out because of all the drawings, voiceover, and other works that had been done for the Simpsons alternate cast that will air that night. Who would've guessed it? Homer Simpson would be a reason. Millions of you gonna be subjected to a subpar subpar football game. Whoa. Instead of one with Oh yeah. It don't matter. Actually, honestly, this wouldn't be a subpar football game. Offensively, offensively.


The Bengals are exciting and entertaining to watch, So they just play offensive football now. They just, they don't play defense. Huh? Now you see, you see you ain't had to go there. You ain't had to go there. Now I'm, I'm telling you why You realize like the Bengals defense and the Cowboys defense gonna have to come up. Now the Cowboys offense might even look competent against y'all Don't do that. Don't do that. No, I'm just saying No, no. Oh no. Don't, don't do that. Don't do that. But again, listen, our offense, one of the most entertaining offense is that you will tune in to see, regardless of what our record is, they are excited to watch T is back. Jermaine Burton playing. Well, chase is goddamn motherfucking Chase and I, I just as bad as our record is, we are the best, we're the best. Four 17 in NFL. I don't even know if that even fucking makes sense.


We are the best four and seven. Yes sir. If you, if you win, if you, if you get first in the ugly contest, you still ugly. What the hell are you talking about? I don't, I don't, I don't like, I don't Like y'all got, y'all got a guy that's supposed go throw for 5,000 yards. Y'all got a guy that might win the triple crown. Right? You still four and seven? Yeah, I know. That's why I just see, see that's why I said we the best four and 17. It's ugly. Yeah, it's ugly. It's ugly. What? It's ugly. It's real. That's like, that's like being the little biggest little person in the circus. You still in the circus? You getting your ass out of a little car. 15 of you. What the hell? What the hell you talking about?


I'm trying to find the good in the situation. You just making it. You can't Find no good joke, joke. Find the good, Your de as good as your offense is, your defense is equally as bad. Yeah. Yeah. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. They gave us the chance that second half. Now I'm not sure where that came came from, but that second half they gave us a chance. Yes. But see, like you said, we needed that. We needed those stops in the second, in the first half, the first half so we could get our footing. Yeah. We gotta start pass, man. But hey, we want to, we we gonna talk about that. Yeah. Joe Burrow is on pace to finish the season as an early vacation, despite leading the NFL in passing yards and passing and touchdowns. Joe Burrow is projected to finish with four hundred and forty six hundred eighty yards.


42 touchdowns and six interception, which should potentially win the mvp. Yeah. But guess what? He ain't gonna get no votes. But instead he has a sub 500 record and his team is a Joe through the first 11 games. The Bengals are four and seven. Joe has 3,200, 3028 passing yards, 27 touchdowns and four interceptions players to achieve 3000 plus passing yards, 27 plus touchdowns and a five or fewer interceptions through 11 games. Tom Brady in 27, 2007, 20 15, 1 season he was 16 to old. The other season he was 13 and three. Aaron Rogers in 2020 in 2011.


2021 In 2020. Excuse me. He was 15 and one, 13 and three. Yeah. Patrick Mahomes in 2020 he was 14 and two. Drew Brees, 2018 he was 13 and three. You, you, you, you, you, you, you see I think Brady won the MVP in both of those seasons, didn't he? Aaron Rogers, I think Aaron Rogers won the MVP in both of those seasons. I think Patrick Mahomes won the MVP. So because he's four and seven, regardless of what the numbers numbers are, there's no way you win. Well obviously Jerry Golf, Jerry, Jerry go and, and, and Josh. Well you Got Jerry playing well enough to win it. You got in Buffalo, Jerry, Josh Allen playing well enough.


Yeah, you got Sequan Barkley. So how do you give it to a guy? 'cause at the end of the day Yeah, he putting up all those stats in a losing effort. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you know, I Mean Yeah. If he would, would if he was winning. Oh, Joe. Yeah, he, he's different. Let's just say for the sake of argument, I ain't saying he needed to be 10 and one, but let's just say for the sake of argument, he's seven and three in one, or he's eight and three Now we got a whole different discussion, Different Conversation with those types of Numbers. Different conversation. Yeah. But yeah, he's having, he's having a heck of a receiver. He's a heck of a player. He's the number one overall pick for a reason. Yeah. He got two outstanding receivers. His defense, and he has to put up those type numbers because the defense is back there bad.


Yeah. Oh, Joe, people wanna know, is Joe Burrow being wasted in Cincinnati? Ooh, that's a good question. That's a good question. Okay. Give was a good answer. I I wouldn't say, I wouldn't say it's being wasted in Cincinnati. Think about it. Hypothetically speaking, obviously Joe's gonna be there for a decade. A decade plus or more. Where else can he go? Where else would he go? Where wouldn't be wasted? 'cause all the other opportunities and other chances for him to be on the team That is good. That had the chance to win a Super Bowl. Already have quarterbacks. Huh? Think about it. Even, even, even you throw out a hypothetical, what situation be better than what he's in right now with the offense that he has. Even though the defense is bad.


Any team that has a good defense, I guarantee they already have a quarterback. Think about it. Oh, for sure. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I mean, I understand what people are saying and saying, you know, it's being wasted, but there's a reason he's a quarterback. So the point of what they have to do is every team is a quarterback away from winning a Super Bowl or being able to contend. So the Bengals are in a position to contend year in and year out because of who they have at the Ack quarterback. Now what you have to do is you gotta build around him. They already bill around him offensively. Now you gotta bill the goddamn defense or against Well it's gonna, it's gonna hurt you because you got a quarterback on max money. Yeah. And receiver it. That's not gonna give you a discount because you jerked them around. So what you coulda gotten for say 145 million Yeah.


Is gonna probably cost you 1 55, 1 60 and he's gonna want 90 million in guaranteed money. Yeah. So that's the problem that you run into when you kick the can down the road. It's a great thing to have because that means the guy that you selected in the first round you hit on the bad news is you gotta pay him. Yeah. Yeah. You're probably gonna think about it Ocho, you're probably gonna lose Hendrickson. Remember he wanted more money. Oh yeah. You lose Him. Oh yeah. He leading the FL and right now too. Yeah. You gonna lose him. Yeah. You got, you got, you need a DT tackle. You need a D tackle. Well, you let Rita go. Yeah.


So you, y'all got your work cut out for you. Big time kicker. Evan McPherson has basically cost the bingos three to four wins and a K lost a KC 26 25. He mixed a extra point lost to Washington. He missed a field goal. 38, 33 lost to Baltimore. Missed the field goal. 41 38, lost to the Chargers. He missed two field goals. 34 27 Mm. Hey, same thing with Justin Tucker, you know? Yep. I think, I think we can go down to a list of numerous games that have happened throughout the season where I hate saying it, where it shouldn't come down to the kicker, but it actually come down to the kicker's foot. It actually comes down to him being, damn, what's the word I'm looking for, for kickers with him being accurate.


You know? Yes. For lack, for the lack of better terms. And listen, that's a very, very, very tough spot to be in where you can't miss field goals. It, the goal posts a lot more, a lot, a lot narrower now. Know, being able, being able, being able to hit him. You know, I, I heard Justin Tucker, you know, complaining about, about the surface and listen, it, it had nothing to do with that. It, it all, Oh, Joe, yeah. Lemme ask you a question. Yeah. What if I put Joe, what if I put Joe Burr in Minnesota with that defense? Oh my God. Well, you might, you Might. He still got jj. He might, he got Addison. He got Hawkinson. That's a, that's a good hypothetical. But they got JJ McCarthy. So as, as a hypothetical speaking on it, you might as well get him the goddamn trophy.


I'm, I'm, I'm just saying with that defense and what Brian Flores doing with them. Sh man shit, It's now time for Money Moves presented by DraftKings Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Gimme my money. Gimme my money. Josh Allen has officially overtaken Lamar as the MVP front runner. Josh Allen is now a plus one 50. Lamar Jackson is a plus 200. Jerry Goff is a plus 600. Jalen Hertz is fourth with plus 1200. Patrick Mahomes is plus 1300. And Kyle Murray is plus 1500.


And the regular season Josh Allen has passed for 2,543 yards. Eight, which is seventh 18 touchdowns, which is six five interceptions. He's tied for fifth. I mean he's tied for 57th, which is a good thing. And his QBR of 72.6 puts him in fourth Lamar, he's second in passing yards 2,876. He's second in touchdowns 25. He's tied for 47 with three interceptions. Mm. He's number two in QBR with 75.1.


Hey, you, you know, you know what's funny? Everything, you just ran it down with golf, probably golf and, and Josh Allen obviously being the back, back and forth, it's gonna change because Lamar Lamar's not gonna play another bad game like he did against the, against the Steelers. He argenx gonna come out and he's going to be the front runner again, because then go out and he's gonna put on an unbelievable performance. I'm not sure who, I'm not sure what their schedule is or who they're playing next, but the other teams aren't used to them. It's not a divisional game. It's not going to be a divisional game. They're not going to have the structured defense to be able to contain him the way the Steelers do. The Steelers are built to be able to stop a player like himself because they're used to seeing him and understanding that team's tendencies offensively.


So he gonna come out, he gonna have one hell of a day, do some crazy stuff on the ground, do some crazy stuff in the air, and he's gonna be back at the number one spot to an MVPI guarantee. You guarantee. Yeah. I mean, look, look, I mean, he has another game against the Steelers. Ugh. Steelers have given them problems. What, what, what's Lamar? He has a pretty tough game. One In four. One in four against the Steelers. Yeah, one in Four. He has another game. But this game's at home against the Steeler, right? What, what, what, what do they have? They got the Steelers, I think they got another game against Cleveland at Chargers. Yeah, this week. He's at the Chargers this week.


Eagles at home, at Giants home versus the Steelers at Texans home versus the Brown. So it ain't like he got some cupcakes on the schedule now with y'all. Yeah. Ain't no, ain't no cupcakes. But again, every, every team you just named don't have the personnel like the Steelers do to be able to stop what he's able to do and what he does. Well, What about the personnel going up against his defense? What about the Eagle's offense against that defense? The secondary, what about the detective's offense against that defense? Mm. You see, hey, You, you, hey, can I tell you something? I I People you do know your Raven team is dead last in the secondary. When it comes against the past. I, Oh, Joe.


I've been trying, oh, Joe, In 30 seconds. But see, when I tell people that in 30 seconds, they say, well, you trying to, you trying, I know I'm, if you gyp see that when people tell me, right? Oh, now you could tell Shannon didn't watch the game. You watching it, but you don't know what the hell you looking for. You like a blind dog in a meat house. Right. You can't tell me fronts. You can't tell me coverages. You can't tell me formations. You can't tell me anything. Right. All you watching for is touchdowns and facts. Right. I'm watching to understand why they had success. So while you tell me I'm not watching it, you watching it, but you don't know what the hell you looking at. Okay. It's like you watching a foreign freedom and they got SubT. Unless they give you subtitles, you don't know what the hell you look at. Right. I've been telling them, but they gave me excuse.


Wait till this guy comes back. Wait till that guy comes back. Well, I saw you guys in there when you had those guys and your defense was still bad in past defense. Yeah. Much better, much, much better. Stop the run that, that, that, that second level. At some point in time, fans gonna have to understand. Everybody is not a hater. Sometimes people are just trying to give you information. Our job is sometimes to be is, is to be entertaining, is to be informative, to be educational. Yeah. Okay. Yes. I say a lot of things in a joking manner. Right. But I'm actually giving you factual information if you just listen to it. But you don't want to because you wanna paint this narrative that, oh, Shannon is a hater. Well, listen what Shannon said.


When it come back, what I tell you then you talking about, oh, oh, I could captain obviously. Well, you didn't say it Right, But if, but people don't, just don't wanna get no credit. Boy, if people don't wanna get no credit. Ooh. Because if I didn't, if I didn't say it, why didn't you said it before I said it. Well, I knew that. No you didn't because I take you to the black. I'll take you to the board and say, oh, draw me a cover six, draw me cover seven. Gimme fire zone. Okay, gimme this formation, give me this protection. I want you to redirect what you mean by that? No, you know, you watching the game, you should Know, right? I, I don't, I don't think the casual, the casual fan can't do that.


Hell no, they can't. But they just wanna jump on your timeline and try to and try to. Well, he ain't watching the game. Right? I am watching the game. I also know that when you throw the ball more than you running ever, Raven, you lose. You lose. That's what I do know. Yeah. I mean it's right. The stats are right there. I'm the one that said, put Derrick Henry in the eye. Yeah. Ain't nobody else say that. I said it from the drunk. Oh, Joe. Yeah. I said he's not his own read back because he's a long strider and you don't get, you need, he needs time to be able to redirect when you put him that close to the line. He's such a long strider, he can't redirect his feet. Barry Sanders, a short strider can do a, he's perfect. Yeah, that's perfect for him.


But Derrick Henry needs to be able to change directions. Right. He needs to be able to check his feet and cut back, get back downhill. That's why you put his heels at eight. You toss it to him, you hand it to him and boom. Now whoever drew up that damn play that they tossed that ball to Derrick Henry and they let TJ Watt come in there and blow his ass up, they shoulda have put him back there running back and let the same thing happen. But Don Black TJ Watt and let TJ Watt, TJ Watt knock his ass in the dirt. I mean, the tackle. The tackle should have known better. The right tackle should have known better. I'm not sure what the blocker assignment was, but why would you let TJ Watt run Scott free with the pitch, even though the pitch is going the opposite way still? He coming Every time and he gonna get there every time.


Yes. I'm just like, I'm like, who who thought that was a good idea? Hey, we gonna run this tall, play weak, but we gonna unblock TJ y. Okay. Can you see what happened? Damn near got digger. And I'm like, that's why I stopped playing running back 'cause I got tired of my bad sharp. Well, it ain't your bad. I'm way down the damn field. I I ain't gotta worry about my bad. I ain't gotta worry about my bad No show. I got tired of you, man. My bad. That's me. That's old me, bro. Doda got me looking at my ear hole. Right? But you talking about your bad. What'd that do? Hey, hey, hey, hey. Speaking of that, think about how bad it is for quarterbacks when the o line is playing bad when they can't block and the quarterback continues to get sacked over and over and over and you can't fuss at them, then you have to keep your, your, your mannerisms and, and, and your, you do.


Digital expressions has to be on point no matter how many times you get hit in the game. Imagine Yes. I wanna Oh, Joe, that's Oh, with with, lemme ask you a question. When the Cowboys fell behind, right by 10, 13 points with no threat of the running game, what you think the text is thinking. They ain't playing for no draw. Yeah. They're not playing for no run. They pinning their ears back. Right? Absolutely. Absolutely. You, everybody in the stadium know you not gonna run it. And now you made it very, it's very, I don't care who your offensive linemen are, you let them jokers know that every single down You going to throw it? Yeah. Yeah. Okay.


Make no sense. Okay. They gonna come. They gonna come get your quarterback


When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out fast. Sifting through leads. Creating content for infinite channels, endlessly searching for disparate performance KPIs. It all takes a toll. But with HubSpot you can stop team burnout in its tracks. Plus your team can achieve their best results without breaking a sweat. With HubSpot's collection of AI tools breeze, you can pinpoint the best leads possible. Capture prospect's attention with clickworthy content and access all your company's data in one place. No sifting through tabs necessary. It's all waiting for your team in HubSpot. Keep your marketers cool and make your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more


When it's tip off time. At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, LaCour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Congratulations to 3:00 AM Innovations on their first place. Win for innovation in community. At this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business 3:00 AM used T-Mobile 5G to enable Florian the first AI enabled incident command platform for first responders. Florian's features include real-time tracking of personnel on a 3D map and voice activation. AI is used to filter out background noise until it hears a trigger word such as mayday, increasing situational awareness on the ground and improving onsite safety. This will shape rapid response moving forward.


And for that T-Mobile congratulates 3:00 AM for their unconventional Thinking.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Hey, what's up guys? I'm Fred Warner, linebacker for the San Francisco 49 ERs. The holidays get really busy for me, but I still wanna pull up to events. Looking in my freshest abercrombie's latest drop of party looks is taking me through the season for date nights, hanging out with the fellas and even New Year's Eve. They have outfits for every occasion. I'm big on sweater, polos and trousers with a wool blend coat over top for those really fancy holiday events. Abercrombie has suiting options too. Shop Abercrombie for every night out.


Daniel Jones was demoted to third string quarterback. They got messed up with the two and eight giants on their buy week. This was a logical time to change and give be a backup. Danny DeVito, who was chosen over number two quarterback Drew Locke to prepare ocho. If I'm gonna lose, I don't want nobody to get anything, any chance of thinking, we gonna win this game. Right? Drew Locke gonna go in there and try to win this game. Oh yeah. And try to show he deserve a chance. No, you your ass. Hold on. Dan. Dan. Dan, Danny, Danny DeVito. Danny DeVito. Not that bad now Man, look here. Danny DeVito. That's exactly right. You got his name right? Danny DeVito. Hold on. How you say his real name? Tommy. Tommy. Did you right? Danny, Tommy, Dan. That's him.


That's him. Yep. Hold on. He gonna give, he gonna give you the same results as Danny DeVito. All right. You, you wanna make a little bet you wanna make, make a little bet coming out the buy, coming out the buy for the Giants. The only thing that will survive is this season. Bye. That's the, that's the, that's Tommy. Tommy DeVito. Tommy Tommy. Yeah, Tommy. But think about the old, I'm talking about Danny DeVito. Oh, I'm tripping. Think about this. Yes sir. Drew Locke was the second string. Yeah. They promoted the third string, which tells me we want the high draft pick. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. Drew Locke could potentially win a game. We ain't finna win with him. Nah. Jones bench and single end of his six year run the Johnson.


Well, with the giant starting quarterback, the giant went 13 and three in games started by Jones over the past two seasons. And they ranked last in the league in scoring his career record is 24 44 in one. Hey, gimme those stats that you gave this morning. I'm give you, he's 24. He started what? 70 games? He's 24. 44 and one God damn Ocho. They gave this man a contract extension. $40 million, 160 on 60. Now you tell me, Ashley pulling up. No, I want this record.


20 19, 20 21 before he got Yeah, no, I, I don't, yeah, everybody know. Everybody know he the Panthers talking about reportedly have, have interest in Daniel Jones. God, please. To do what? Oh, Joe. Yes sir. He started 12 games. His rookie year, he went three and nine. The next season he went five and nine. The next season he wins four and seven. He goes 9 61 and he gets a contract extension. Now see, you see what they did. They disregarded the previous three seasons. Right. A big sample size for the small sample size because we want to justify giving this man this money.


Right. You see what they did? You see now we gonna disregard the three and nine. We gonna disregard the five and nine. We gonna disregard. Now he had, he had 11 to, okay, what'd he have? He had 11 touchdowns, 10 interceptions, 10 touchdowns, seven interceptions. He went 15 and five. Let's give him a raise That, that they, that 15 and five look good though. That 15 and five and nine six records that look good. Okay. Maybe he's going in the right, in the right direction after the first three years or the first two. No, the first three, he didn't look like he should boom. The year where it counts, which you would call it the contractor where you wanna give a quarterback some money, they saw the improvement as opposed to the small sample size that they did see.


Okay. Maybe he's proven out this is, this Made Lamar Jackson play under the franchise tag. Oh yeah. After he wanted MVP. But that ain't none of my business. I don't even know why I brought up folks. Lemme keep my mind shut. You are Because first of all, quarterback is the only position that you get paid on potential. Yeah. They won't let, if Jamar Chase wasn't doing what he was doing, he can't get no money. They can't say, well, you know what, I think Lamar, Lamar, excuse me. Jamar Chase heading in the right direction. Right, right. Let's give him, let's give him top number one receiver money. Right. All the guys name a position other than quarterback that you get paid on attention. I'm not saying Joe, Joe Bur, I mean, guy, there are guys that earn that money. Yeah. But a lot of these quarterbacks get paid on.


Man. I believe he's turned the corner. They don't ever play another position believing that he's turned the corner. No. And and there's, there's a whole nother conversation and I, I don't wanna go there. But you did bring it up. You know it was the elephant in the room. You talk about they made Lamar Jackson play on the what F tag. Okay. Even after they won the MVP but They didn't make Daniel Joe nevermind. Yeah. That's Another conversation. I, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't breaking no, I I don't think I'm breaking. Everybody can see it. Yeah. Ain't nobody gonna say it. Hell the three blind mic on It. Oh damn. That's f up.


But hey it, sir, it couldn't happen to a better organization Right. Than the Giants sirs. Your right. Because you didn't wanna play Sayquan. Oh. You know, they, they don't, they don't value the running back position as they said Phily did. Now look at 'em. Look at, look at Joe Mixon. What he's do. Look at what Joe Mixon is doing for the Houston, Texas in Texas. Joe Derrick Henry can do that when they give him the ball. We see what he does for the Ravens offense. He makes them almost un undef. Defendable. Oh yeah. Indefensible. Excuse me, but okay. Joey Porter Jr. Sales will call tickets for 400 a piece over the weekend.


Talk ball with Joy Porter Jr. He did black, huh? Yeah. No, no. I'm saying this guy did. Right. Joy Porter Family Joy Porter Jr. Family sells his tickets. Right. Okay. Joy Porter Jr. Family sells tickets, sells will call tickets for 400 a piece over the weekend. Talk ball with Joy Forer family. They, they did the blackest thing possible. They sold their will call tickets for 400 a piece. I seen nephew play enough ball. I know what he do there. It's respect. Make make it a business. Yeah. Make it a business. Hey, that was funny, Ocho. Yes. How would you care if your family sold tickets you left for them at Will?


Call No Pro. Probably not Pro. Probably not. I'm leaving tickets for you at Will call that. I'm probably getting for free anyway. And if you wanna make a little, make a little side money on that, you know, I'm, I have no, I have, I have no problem with your hustle. I have no problem with your hustle. 'cause that means you ain't gonna be asking me for no money. No. I'm trying to think What you think. I I How y'all gonna get in the game? And matter of fact, hey, depending on who we playing, they definitely ain't coming. They're showing up. But you already know. But I mean, for the most part, what your like Yeah. If I leave somebody ticket and say will call especially my family, I already know they coming.


Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Because first of all, they stay with me or they stay at the hotel that I paid for. So I know they bringing as To the game. Right, right. So I I I I've never really thought about it though, Joe. I have neither. I mean, just for the case, for the scenario you're talking about. I mean, I, I I can, I I don't really see any family members. Oh Yeah. As a matter of fact, I did. I got my homeboy, I got bucket tickets to the Super Bowl. Right. And they ended up, I guess they left more than what they should, man. He said homeboy, I sold him tickets. I said, well what my cut, how you gonna, how you gonna sell something I gave You? Right. Man, that finance my trip. Yeah.


Hey, that's funny. No, but I you like, I'm like you OI ain't, I ain't over that. Leave them enough. Hell they'll them people, people pull up and sell them. So you got a, a certain amount of time to get your ass to the game. Yeah. Or they gonna sell them. Yeah. No. Yeah. Oh well The Lakers have commissioned a statue of Pat Riley to join the Laker legend and Star Plaza outside trip.com Arena. Jeannie Bus shared plans with Riley today over video, alongside Kareem Michael Cooper, magic Johnson, a Green Kurt Ramin, James Worthy VLA Diva, Karen West and Chris Riley. Riley had a defining impact on the Lakers legacy winning six total championships with the Lakers for the head coach.


One of the assistant coach in 1980. And one as a player of 1972, the eight Laker to be commemorated in the Star Plaza. Riley would join Elgin, Baylor, Kobe Bryant, kick Hearn, magic Johnson, Shaquille O'Neal, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Jerry West. That's a lie. So you said they getting the stat. I hope They don't get the guy that did D Wade statue. Nah, nah. And you know, in, in LA they not doing that. You know, Man, they have Pat Riley. Look at that. Fabio, They not doing that. That, that's dope. That, that's dope. That I need, I I want I'm want me a statue?


Huh? I want me a statue. I wanna tell you Ojo ojo.


It's time for Rough Draft presented by Oscar Meyer. This segment is brought to you by Oscar Meyer Bacon. Oscar Meyer smokes their bacon for 12 really long hours, which is twice as long as the industry standard, which is where you get that delicious smoky flavor from ocho. Today's prop, best wide receivers, we're gonna pick six each, 12 total to represent the 12 hours of smoked bacon Ocho your boy go first.


Why you Okay, I got Jamal Chase. Oh, come on. Come on man. Come on, come on. Huh? Oh, we going ever? Oh, I thought we talking about this year. Oh, okay. I got Jerry, I got Jerry Rice then. Okay. You got, you got Jerry. We talking about be de Yeah. Yep. Alright, I'm going, I'm going to, I got Randy Moss, Calvin Johnson. I got Marvin Harrison, Antonio Brown. I got Larry Fitzgerald, Andre Johnson.


Okay. Who do I want? You know, I'm gonna go with, I'm gonna go with Old Reliable. I'm gonna go with Don Hudson. What? Don Hudson. Are you sure? That's who you wanna pick? That's who absolutely who I wanna pick. You know what? Give, give me gimme, gimme, gimme. HHU Ts. Hey. Huh? Gimme, gimme. I'm trying to think. I I got three names right here. Right. I, I either wanna go Tory Holt, I wanna go Isaac Bruce, or I wanna go Jimmy Smith. You go whoever you, you wanna you, huh?


You got two more Ocho? Okay, give me, I'm gonna go Isaac, Bruce. Okay. I like that. That's nice little. That's a nice little one. Yeah, I got, I got one more for you too. Right, right, right out. It don't matter. It don't matter Who you pick my list one? I'm not sure what the chat, I'm not, You know what? I was gonna go this one, but I ain't finna leave my brother off this list. I'm going my brother. Okay. I like that. Help y'all. I I like that. I like that. And the account you going with Sterling, you know? Yeah. Throw the respect. Gimme Steve Smith. S Okay. Gimme Steve. Gimme Steve Smith Senior. I thought you was gonna pick yourself Ocho who? You listen I never picked my, I never picked myself.


I never picked myself nothing. If I didn't put my brother on, I would gonna put Julio. Oh That's, oh, I forgot about Julio. That's a good one. You wanna do mention we ain't got no mention because we gotta do 12. Okay. Okay. Because 12 long hours. Okay, Chad, who won? Who won this for Chad? Come on with It. I know they gonna say I won Ocho. They about Ocho. You lost. You could tell they don't know. They don't know nothing about no football. That's why O Joe. I got read them off for Jar Rice Talking about, I got, I got TI got to, I got to, I got to, I got Randy Moss and Jerry Rice. I got T Wait, I can't even remember my damn names.


You got to Megatron ab, Andre Johnson. Isaac Ruth, Isaac Bruce. Did you, did you just hear, did you just read? Did you hear who I got? Yes. Okay. I won. I don't know what the chat's talking about. Obviously those are not, those are, those aren't real football fans. If they think you won, stop Playing. I got Jerry Rice. Who's the goat? Many people, some people like you was believing that Randy Mo the Goat. So I got two of the Gators receivers ever. Two of the top three. I got em on my roster. Listen, Antonio, I got Mar Harrison Jr. I got Larry Fitzgerald, I got Don Hudson and I got my man. I'm done. Don Chad, Don Hudson.


I already know I won this one. Don Hudson. Really? Go look at, hey put, put Don Hudson stands up on that. Hold On, hold on, hold on to Antonio Brown. Andre Johnson. Right. Isaac, you can't see my list. Calvin Johnson like, come on man. Stop playing man. What you talking about? Hey, whatcha talking about? Oh Joe, you can't see my list. Ain't nobody seeing that list. Hell, whatever. And people in the chat, they just hyping you up. They don't know no better. They don't, they don't know no better. I got, Hey, they dunno no better. Oh, check this out. I got, hold on. I got, I got 400 receiving between, I got seven and so that's 450 receiving touchdowns.


Marvin Harrison is over 20 L. Fish Journal is over 20. Don Hunts, I mean over a hundred. I got, I got four, like five of my guys are over a hundred receiving touchdowns on Choke. I Don't have, listen, I ha I have the better, I have the better squad. I don't care what the numbers. They gimme Don Hudsons you pull up Don Hudson stats. Put Don Hudson stats on there. Hold on, hold on. I gotta put some Stuff. He was, he was, he was that guy Ocho be Don Hudson. Yeah, he was That Charlie Henigan, Bambi, Lance Allworth. Yeah. Those were the guys before the Jerry's and all these guys came along. Right. Those were the guys. Ocho. Yeah, Ocho, I'm ready. Don Hudson had less than 500 catches in 99 touchdowns.


You know what, you know what that tell me? And he had 30 interceptions. Oh. You know, you know that. You know what? All right. He, he, he good. He nice. Nice. I ain't, I ain't, I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna say nothing. I ain't gonna disrespect Mr. Brother, brother Th Hudson. I'm, I'm gonna let you have, damn, I had to put some socks on. Boy. Shit, it's cold in here. Hey, but the chat don't know. Real, real football people know I won Ocho I'm blowing the doors off you. I'm blowing the do off. Ocho The Volume.


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is. Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile, like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


What gift are you going to get? That person that's impossible to shop for? Give the gift of sound. J Lab has the perfect gift for anyone with a variety of styles, sizes, and colors. And they have products for under $100, under $50, and even under $25. I love that. Save up to 60% on select Jlab products this holiday season on jlab.com. Look for the Jlab Blue box at retailers everywhere, or visit jlab.com today.


With Kroger brand products, you can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices. And with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and Holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pick up or in store. Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet-friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money up for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids' spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save, and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/iheart.