
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you Feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch. No one can stop you. For more, check out boz.com.


Hey, it's Wilford l And Sabrina Bryan. And we're the host of the new podcast, Magical Rewind. You may know us from some of your favorite childhood TV movies like My Date with the president s daughter And, The Cheetah Girls movies. Together we're sitting down to watch all the movies you grew up with and chat with some of your favorite stars and crew that made these iconic movies happen. So Kick back, grab your popcorn and join us Listen to Magical Rewind on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought to you by State Farm like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year, the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match live exclusively on Paramount Plus. Head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


This Is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko, Superchargers headlights and more. With over 122 million parts. eBay motors has everything you need to maintain your vehicle and level it up to peak performance. And with eBay guaranteed fit. Your part is guaranteed to fit your ride every time or your money back. Stay on your A game with all the parts you need at the prices you want. It's easy to bring home, huge wins. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply.


The Volume,


TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six. Whatever you call a touchdown one thinks for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. We want to bet on touchdowns and at Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new draft. King customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's cold. Shannon, for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks and get one month free of NFL Plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Kyle Murray says it's not his job to feed targets to the rookie wide receiver Marvin Harrison, Who hitting me, who me? Did he really say that? Or, or maybe, maybe may. Do you think they miss As a quarterback? Obviously you're going through your reads. Sometimes the ball goes to him and Fucking Read. But that's not my job. I have a I have a, I have a sense and a feel for guys when they don't get the ball and when they're getting the ball. Hey man, hold on. Now this, this, if I call, call Murray call. I know you're gonna see this when you come out the huddle.


What number? Marvin Harrison. I mean Marvin Harrison Jr. Will 18 isn't it Kyle Murray, when you come out the huddle, you and you, you're making your points with a line pointing out the mic. Check the courage, whatever side 18. Go to look at the db. If it, it's one on one, throw it to him. Don't worry about no reed. He is the reed. He's the reed. What you talk about. It's stuff like this that makes you annoying. It's Not my job. That is your job. He Why you think that took forth call? I give you what? Go off script.


You know what it is? That's over fucking coaching. That's what it is. That's over coaching. That's why that, that's why he said that answer the, they're over coaching him, forcing him to go through his reads when Hello? You got a special individual. Individual that was the fourth pick for a goddamn reason. You Do that to a rookie Ocho. Ain't nobody over coaching. Kyle. Kyle on some bull jive. Kyle been on some bull jive, but I ain't look I I ain't finna go there. This is not the time. This is about him. Not A rookie. Right. You trying to win game. A rookie Quarterback trying to win game. He coach him. This man had been to the pro bowl and you be this man was what he rookie of the year. What he rookie the year. And then you gonna talk and you gonna talk about, that's not your job.


So tell me what your job is. I'd like to know. So you mean to tell me the guy rookie of the year? The guy's a pro bowl. He's been to the Pro Bowl. He's taken a team to the playoffs, but that's not his job. That explains, that explains. Now you see why now you see why. All I'm gonna say is now you see why, You know what, you know what's gonna happen though? Who? The, who the called, who'd called to play tomorrow? Who? The cards play Ash. I guarantee they, I guarantee they feed in tomorrow. I guarantee they feature him tomorrow. They play the ram.


I bet that. Oh shit. Damn. Hey. But e even though still, even with them playing arounds, I guarantee you they feature Marvin Harrison and he has a welcome to the, to the NFL Day Gu. I guarantee you it is just, it is just the way it works. It's just the way, I'm not saying I know the script, but after a day like that, which to me is an embarrassment, especially with the quote coming behind you, your starting quarterback saying something like that, you franchise quarterback. That's an embarrassment. They gonna feature Marvin Harrison Jr. Tomorrow. I guarantee you The wise thing would say, look, I gotta un I understand that my playmakers and I gotta do everything in my power to make sure I get them involved early and often.


Yeah. You, what did Tom Brady say? Tom Brady says, my J Tom Brady said it is my job to get my playmakers the ball early. Who wants to go the second quarter to third quarter before they get a target? That's what Tom said, right? Kyle Murray is saying, that's not his job Now, Chad, you see what I'm talking about? You see the difference between mentality. You see how some, how the great players think and the other players looking to place the blame on somebody else. So in other words, what he's trying to do, Ocho is up any blame that you might have placed on me. That's the coach's job. Now listen at the other great quarterbacks, and when they talk Peyton Manning, the Tom Bradys, the Mahomes, all those great quarterbacks, they go out of their way early to make sure their play makers get involved early.


Tyler Murray said, that's not his job. I mean, listen, I I I'm not Kyle Murray is, is media savvy. He's, he's savvy enough to be able to answer that in a different way. And I, I just, it it was upsetting for me because on Marvin Harrison Jr's debut as an NFL player, it shouldn't look like that. No, It should, it shouldn't looked nothing like that. Nothing like that. But I, I know one thing tomorrow's gonna be, I guarantee you, and I bet anybody in the chat, I bet you a dollar tomorrow he gonna have a day. Ocho. Now you see where I was born when I was born.


Now you see, oh, it, it, it The mental, the mentality is different. Huh? The mentality is Different. Man, look here. Mm mm Guys, I know Y'all think, I think y'all know. Look, Oh shit, What happened? Nothing. Go ahead. Go ahead. I'm good. I, because I I took a nap. He, Man, I just, it would bother me. It would, it it, when they talking it bothers me. Some of these guys' mentality. It bothers me that winning is not of the utmost. Why the f am I here?


Why am I putting my body through this? Why am I denying myself? When I trained, I questioned myself every day. I went to train. I asked myself a couple of questions. Why am I doing this? When is this over? What am I doing it for? How long is it gonna last? Right? And then I gotta come and hear somebody talking about it's not his job. Sh what Lord have mercy. It bothers me, man. It really does. Because all I want to, all I, all I care about is winning. How do we get better? You don't get better with players like Kyle Murray.


His mentality is not what it needs to be. Go listen to all the other great players. Look at and listen to Elway. Look, listen to Marino. Listen to Eman listen to any great, and they'll tell you, I gotta get my playmaker involved early. They not saying it is not my job. You got the damn ball. It is your job. Touch it the most. You touch it the most. But that's, that's why I say over coaching. 'cause when, when the, when, when someone a quarterback throws out, I have to go through my reads. That's coaching. That's them being in his ear a little bit too much. Guess What? If I'm a quarterback damnit, all of a sudden I can't read. Why 18 at? I don't even know the rest of the damn play.


18, get open. Listen, That's, oh, that's a veteran move. Now that's something me and Carson was doing in year five and six and seven and eight. That's ave that's a veteran move. I'm not sure if he has the, the leeway. He got it to be able to go off something like that. Hell, He done got one coach fired. He can get another one fired. It's easy to fire coach than it is quarterback. Quarterback. It's just, it's just, it's just, man, it's just the, the, the, the, the mindset of some of these guys. That's what, that's what it is on Cho. That's all I'm saying. Right, right. Yeah. I better, IIII be ask him what his job is on card. I better know that. I better know that. I better, I bet he know what his job is on that.


I get best when he playing partners. Ain't nobody gonna say, man, that ain't, it ain't your job to protect the blind spot. It ain't your ain't your job to go in there and do that. I bet they don't know how to tell him that. He'll be fine. He, he just gotta, you gotta he gotta choose his words a little, a little, a little better. That's all. Because I I'm sure if Marvin Harrison heard that, heard that too. He, I, I know he was upset and if he not gonna say nothing, he not, he not gonna say nothing Because he's the rookie. Oh yeah. Yeah. He gonna be all right though. He gonna be all right though. I know. Tomorrow they gonna have a day. I know that. I gu I guarantee you that Lil Wayne responded to being snuff for the Super Bowl halftime show. Ah, what's your take Ojo?


I have a question. I got a question. Huh? I love Wayne. That's my dog now. Yep. You know, been in the studio with him back in the day. No name and a few songs. Studio, apartment, Studio. Nice to be a Okay, I'm just making good clarification. I understand where he is coming from. Super Bowl being held in your hometown. What better place for you to represent for your people and the fans? And, and I, I thought to myself, how many years has the Super Bowl been in New Orleans? Man, it done been in New Orleans more than any damn place. Right. So I'm I'm, I'm curious.


They had it in 2012. It was there in 90 when the Packers, when the Packers beat the Patriots. It was there when the Rams lost to the, the Patriots. It was, it was there when, when the lights went out and the Ravens beat the 49 ERs. It was there in 77 when the Cowboys beat the Broncos. That's four times off the top of my head. I think it's been there about, okay, So, And So, I'm I'm only, I'm only asking you laughing, You talking about, about tell me. I'm will say 1210.


It's been there 10 times. Okay. I'll say I I'm only asking, obviously this is not the first time that it's been in New Orleans. No, no, no. It's been there 10 times. Okay. Of course. But Luane has never been hired or asked to perform. Right. What, what, what makes a difference this year? I'm, I'm just curious. So maybe you can answer better. Maybe the track could answer better. Me, I think Because of what happened LA when it was in, in in LA and the ran and, and when it was in LA they got Dre that had Snoop and they paid homage to, you know, and so I I'm sure Wayne was thinking like, damn Usher because he was a, he was had a residency or, or smoke it.


I don't know if you, I don't know if you got a chance to see Usher, but that's, Yeah. Yeah. I, who I went, I went real, I went real. He could perform That. Oh man, he did it. So Weezy like, well, damn, hold on LA they got the hip hop, you know, they got the, you know, boom, boom, Dre, they had 50, right? They had M they had DO double G and Mary J Okay. Vegas Usher. I mean, what they gonna bring tr Wayne Newton as out there? You know, they're like, nah. So Wayne was like, okay, hey, you know, we the F baby in, you know, new Orleans.


It didn't happen. Damn. I get his frustration. I I I'm like you OI do too. I can see both sides. I do too because we've never, it's never been like, think about it, when it was in Atlanta, they had Maroon five. Think about what all think about it. You had temp, you had Luda, you had Future, you had two chains. You had, what's the other, the group Andre 3000 Big boy Outcast. Yeah. Big boy then out. No, They loaded. You got Baby Face, you got Jermaine Dupree. You had Usher in, you had bro. Yeah, They have, think about it, they have Maroon five.


Yeah. Hey, hold on. Maroon five got some Hits. Now I'm not saying that. I'm not saying they, I'm not saying they don't. Okay. But you would, thinking Atlanta, you like, damn, you ain't gonna play, you ain't gonna play no Alage to what all they what they Right. So I get, so I like, I get it. But you know, look, I, I mean I, I don't, I don't know remember happened. I can, I, I can understand his frustration, but it's not like, okay, such and such is from listen, we know Beyonce can't do it every year. And Taylor Swift, listen and Taylor Swift, that's who they want. Let's be all the way was Right. They want Taylor, but Taylor's like, I'm big enough.


I don't need that. I mean, none. I mean, Beyonce didn't need it. Beyonce did them a courtesy. Yeah, She Did. Excuse me. She did them a courtesy because you don't get paid for it and you come out your pocket. Yeah. Yeah. Remember, remember what I said? I mean, everyone's up in arms. Even though Lil Wayne came out and spoke about it. Yeah. It still has to do a set. He has to do a set. I'm not sure if they had music together, but Lil Wayne might make a surprise that that was one of the first things I said. He might make a surprise. You, you ne you never know. You never know what Kendrick Kendrick may do. I'm, I'm, I'm Not sure about, we don't want Taylor, you don't but the NFL do NFL do.


Oh yeah. I don't think they understand. They do what she does for the, the eye, the eye visibility. The exposure they want, they want that different, different crowd of I Oh, Oh, what, what was that number when she came out and, and kind of like support for Kamala. How many people signed up to vote? It was crazy. I saw that. Like 800,000 people registered within 24 hours. Right. Okay, man, y'all better stop. Look, y'all might not like y'all might not like her, but she's an earthquake. 400,000. Yeah, she's an earthquake. Like I said, Beyonce came from form every year.


Beyonce said I'm good. As a matter of fact, Beyonce was at 50 with, with it. Coldplay. I think she did. I think she did a set with Coldplay at Super Bowl 50. I was there. I know she was in New Orleans. 'cause I was there. Like, and I, I've been, I've been to a couple of 'em. You know, obviously I was with, with CBS in Miami when Prince did it playing Purple rain and it starts to rain. It started rain. Yeah. Yes. And to see man, that little man can sing that little man Lord not only sing, perform, He's a performer.


That's what he is. He's a performer. Hold on. And then can play every goddamn instrument. Piano, the guitar. Oh, he Hold of real deal. Oh man, prince is Prince. He amazing man. When he, when he had that group, you know, look, I understand the new power generation, but when he, when he was with Wendy and Lisa, Andre Simone, What you know about that man, come on now. Y'all up man. Hey, hey Prince. Prince might be the only one to be able to wear heels and get all the, all of Them Platform to get all the women cat hair, get all the women cat suit, get all the women.


Hey boy. Woo Boy. Boy. Ain't nothing like old good old cats. Who? They ocho? Oh yeah. Oh boy. Listen, boy, listen. Dang. Yeah, Michael, Michael was in, Michael was in 93 I think when Michael performed at the Super Bowl. I think Michael was in Pasadena. Ain't that where he performed at? Because that was like the first Super Bowl I went to. I was a baby. It was 93. I I I didn't go to the game, but that was the first the NFL invited me and I had stuff I did.


Yeah, I get it. I mean I, you know, like I said, I I, I think me, I'm kind of empathetic because I know Wayne, I know him personally and Yeah, but it's tough. Like you wanna perform in front of your, you know, in your city. And like I said, I hope, I hope that Kendrick will at least bring him out. Let him do a couple of songs.


Hey, it's Angela Yee searching for the perfect new lipstick. Look no further than the new Spike Valentino buttery matte lip color with 10 hour comfort in a non-drying matte finish drawing inspiration from the iconic Valentino Gari studded spike bag. Spike Valentino is that girl. The gold aluminum packaging fully embossed with Maison Valentino's signature studs opens to reveal a precise bullet. And can you hear that magnetic click? Discover the 12 shades in vibrant news and pops of color from couture industries to spike a pose to its Valentino baby beyond its heritage. Spike Valentino includes a breakthrough ingredient story with light diffusing gel and cotton oil extract to keep lips looking hydrated and delivers high pigment color After one stroke, wear it bold or soft and blurred for a more subtle look, tell us how you wear Spike. Valentino


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. eBay motors is here for the ride. You know what I remember about my first car is at the moment I got it. I wanted to improve it because like most 16-year-old kids, you don't exactly get a luxury automobile. So you look at it, you go, well I need to add some speakers. I need to 10 out the windows. I need to make this thing the coolest car possible so I can cruise around town with all my buddies waving at the babes and enjoy myself. So my favorite part of car culture when I was young was definitely the subwoofers in the back of the car. And we built the boxes from scratch, had multiple 12 inch subs and you could hear me coming from a long, long way away. With over 122 million parts. You can make sure your number one ride or die stays running smoothly. Brake kits, LED, headlights, roof racks, bumpers, whatever your baby needs. eBay motors has it And with eBay guaranteed fit. It's guaranteed to fit your ride the first time every time or your money back. Plus at these prices, you're burning rubber, not cash. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


The world is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple CarPlay and a panoramic moonroof make driving the kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is more fun to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required. Use only one safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, visit nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Inc. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The news of the night came with two s suffering another concussion. Yeah, Ocho knowing his history, I don't know why he had already had the first down. Why didn't he go down and slide? That's my thing. You know OCHO, you probably probably played with a bum shoulder or a bum. Something. The last thing you wanna do is get hit on it. So you gonna, you gonna, Hey you ain't hit me on that shoulder or I'm gonna turn other shoulder. Let you hit me on the shoulder. That's good. But I'm not gonna let you hit If I know OCHO, I've had head trauma like three or four of those. I'm not taking, I'm gonna slide. That's what the protection is in for the quarterback. Tell. I mean, listen, what I did see is him trying to run for the first down understanding.


He got the first down. I'm not sure if he was aware of already having the first down, but you already know how you're supposed to slide. You never slide head first as a quarterback. That's one of the first things you learn when you scrambling. You come out the pocket is how to slide correctly to a, you already know. You already know you've had three or four concussions you missed not last season but the previous season due to concussions. So you should always be aware, not only of surroundings, but when I'm talking about when enemies, not enemies, but when you in danger and when it, when you gotta know when to go down, you have to know when to go down. So I think he didn't realize he was well past the first down and didn't and didn't think DeMar Hamlin was gonna close. That's even more of a problem.


Was gonna close in that goddamn fast. And it was too late. It was too late. If anything that's, if anything, slide early slider and you always go feet first. That's even more of a problem if he didn't know he had the first down. Considering you're supposed to know, you can see, I mean most guys know that. You can see that outta your peripheral because you looking left or right to make sure there's no oncoming trait. Nobody's gonna to sideswipe you. Okay? I, oh I got this first. You, you know, you know how know he didn't know he had the first because he was diving head first. Because if you already got the first, there's no need to be going forward at all. Just give yourself Up. No, he was trying give yourself up. No, he was try, he was trying to set the tone. Trying to fight a crowd up.


Remember you like guys to fight you like guys That was d from that was Lamar going out of bounds and seeing the safety coming on and just, you know, just gimme a little shoulder to let 'em know it's gonna be a long night. Nah, nah, I ain't finna give you no shoulder. Not my throwing shoulder anyway. I give you the other shoulder, not the one I use to throw the football with Elcho. And I don't, I don't take this lightly and I really hate saying this, but two of gonna probably need to seriously consider sitting it down. If you notice, the concussions are starting to look worse and worse. If you notice every time he has a head trauma, he gets rigor. He get what they call rigor and mortars. It's a hold on a doctor. This is what a doctor sent me when it happened. It's called dece posturing.


A rare abnormal body position that indicates severe brain damage or disruption of brain function is dece dec dece dece dece rigidity or extensive re posturing. Arms held straight out, rotated toward the center of the body held parallel to the side leg. These are some of the symptoms. Legs extended and rigid. Toes pointed downward, turned slightly inward. Hands flex back arched or stiff wrist flexed away from the body. Fingers curled. How many times have you seen him get that Ocho? Yeah, I mean, what three. And it start and, and every time he gets it Ocho it's not, you know, some people get it and they're little wood like, okay, look like he got his bed wrong but ocho he going stiff with it.


Ocho he's getting Stiff. Yeah. Yeah. I mean listen at, at this point I, I heard what you just said about him probably, probably sitting it down and shutting it down. You know, you gotta understand. We, we, we just, I'm talking about we, they just paid to, they just put tape, they paid to a a lot of money because he's the future of the franchise and the quarterback. In order for them to contend, he has to be at the helm to do that. Now in order to do that, he also has to be healthy and he has to protect himself. So at, at this point going forth, he was able to, he was able to play all last season without this type of injury, without any mistakes. You know, when he does come back and I'm sure he is gonna come back, I'm not sure how long he's going to have to be in the, in concussion protocol.


But he has to take better care of his body, his head and just make smarter decisions when he does scramble. Because you, you gotta think too it, if not known as a dude threat quarterback, it's not that many times he's going to be out there running around and taking off with the ball as opposed to a Josh Allen or you know, a Patrick Mahomes or Lamar Jackson. So when he does scramble, he has to make the right decisions and protect himself and learn how to slide. The 49 ERs for me were the most impressive because I think the Jeff Defense is gonna be really, really good. Now the offense. Yeah. Hey I think they'll get it. Go and Brief Hall, when he formed that ball early in the game Ocho it kind of gave, kind of took a lot some of the steam out of it. But the 49 ERs the way they can run the football. Yeah. The way Purdy was throwing the ball, he had some drops in there too.


He had some drops in there. I you dropped the touchdown right before the half. Remember when Jamar Chase, I hate, I hate to remember Jamar Chase. Yes, yes. Went into the preseason and drop ball after ball, after ball, after ball, after ball and then had a historic season once it came. I think IU is probably has to get acclimated to the ball. They going against the top NFC team. They going against the top NNFC team. You take away some of those drops, you take away some of those penalties. It's a different game. Now the four nine ERs still might have won, but what I saw from night Yeah. But what I saw from the Jesse Knight was promising. I agree with you Ocho. That's not an easy offense to defend. And I know, you know, you're looking at well they ain't got no Christian McCaffrey.


Yeah. The one thing I can tell you about this offense, 'cause I spent the majority of my career in this offense, Ocho And, if you notice, could you tell Krisa McCaffrey wasn't in the game? Krisa McCaffrey sets it to another level. But if you look at the guys that were in that offense, TD six round draft pick Orlando, Gary, sixth round draft pick Mike Anderson, third round draft pick Ruben Drones, a late round draft. Mid round draft pick. Clinton Portis was a second round draft pick. So you don't need to have, right, all you gotta do is follow instructions. They gonna start it one way and they go, Hey, hit your head on the goalpost son. Yeah. And the wide receivers do a great job. IU blocking down field Deebo blocking down field Jennings blocking down field. Yeah, I'm, I'm not sure, I mean, Jeff Defense don't look like a Jeff Defense that we saw last year, but I'm sure, I'm sure they will get it together.


I don't, I don't know what happened to Sauce. I think Sauce sublux his shoulder on one of those Yeah. Keys. With, with with Deebo. I think He tried to, I think he hit, yeah, he, I think it was Debo that he, he got his shoulder. Yeah. You gotta be careful. Yeah, yeah. He hit, hit that Shoulder. And the thing is like when you play the 49 ERs, you got the out physical to them because that's one thing that Kyle Shannon Hanney got from his daddy. We gonna come out there And, we gonna put hats on. We gonna be physical Now if you beat us, you were more physical there, it ain't gonna Right. See the thing is, a lot of times when people looked at the West coast, they automatically assumed because the line was undersized. Oh they're finesse. Team finesse. That was your first mistake.


Now if you watch the game chat, if, if y'all listening, if you watch the game tonight, you can see when they did play actually they ran the ball so well when they did play Action Ball Brock, not only were they wide open, but Brock Purdy was sitting back there with a cigar. So what I think that Jet need to do also to continue to compliment that defense so you can get back to the top three defense that you were last year. We need to get Brother Hassan Reddick and the goddamn door door. I would, I would think we, we need to get Brother Haa whatever, whatever you need to do. You need all hands on deck. If you serious about turning the franchise around, allowing it to be a winning culture and actually competing in the goddamn a FC East with the bills and the God dolphins.


You know, the guy's disgruntled, he wanted contract. Yeah. You, it wasn't a change of scenery. Yeah. He wanted money. So you thought that, oh, he don't like being in Philly. We gonna bring him to New York, but we not gonna give him no money. Listen, I, they, they probably, you know what they probably did, you know how this business work, I'm sure before they even discussed, before he even came understanding that, listen, I wanna be paid by the Eagles based on my production the past few years. The Eagles said, you know what, we not gonna do that. We gonna let you go somewhere else. So I'm sure the Jets knew Brother Woody Johnson. I got that name right. Woody Johnson. Right.


I'm sure Mr. Johnson understood that Hassan Reddick was agreeing to come there because Yeah. What Woody knew that you understood that this is, this is the games they played. This is the business that they played. All they Had to do was take the flat and they gonna get a first down and they gonna keep the chains moving. Jerry got the deal done. You see what he did with that? You see what he did with cd? You see what the 49 ERs did? Oh yeah. They got big Trent. Trent, I ain't coming. I used say hey. They said, you know what, Hey, we got a Super Bowl to win And. we are not winning the Super Bowl without those guys. You gotta be if you can't listen. Yeah, if you can't pressure quarterback ocho, you can't win in this league.


The quarterbacks are too good at all. At all. The quarterbacks are too good. If you don't, if you don't put him under the rest, I don't care if it's one, I don't care if it's 32. Make him, if you don't put that quarterback under the rest, 32 will look like number one. Yeah, most definitely. You gotta make it uncomfortable the the best way you can. And one way for just to do that and to pick up what he left off from a defensive standpoint, you got to bring the sound Reddick in or what they do. Who, yeah, whatever they do have in the building right now gotta come up. But, and you know what? That's another problem. Not only that as good as Sauce Garden is as good as DJ Reed is. How good are you? If you gotta cover somebody for goddamn damn eight seconds, He back there Purdy back there doing this Man chilling, man.


Woody Johnson should be on the phone right now. That song ready, his agent, I dunno who his agent is, they Need to listen. They gotta get something done, get something done. But the 49 ERs look really, really good tonight. The Lions, they ran for 60 of the 70 yard TD yard drive in overtime. Is that the most Dan Campbell thing that you can think of when he took the job? What did he say? We're gonna out physical people. We, Hey, you might beat us, but you want out workers, you want out physical and you hey, that that ain't your, when a team think about it, Ocho we heard me say this and y'all guys have heard me say this a lot. When you run the football, you're moving a man against his will.


A man got his hand on a three point stance and he says, I ain't going nowhere. And the lion said that A soul and Decker and all those guys say that. Hell, you not, you Finn to get a about this plot of land. And they moved him up out of Zeitler. Man, that was an unbelievable drive to string together in overtime and to win that game. Yep. Prime right, right, right down the field. Listen, I the game at the beginning, honest honestly, UNC, it was a snooze fest. It was a snooze fest until after halftime. Did we not see football being played drive being strung along from both offenses? Hell, it was, it was three three at the half.


I'm, I'm not 7 3 3, Right. Yeah, seven three. It was, it was something like that. I mean, I'm, I was falling Asleep. I'm, I'm, yeah, I was falling asleep. So I'm, I'm thinking, I'm thinking Stafford Cooper Cup kuah the ball. They gonna be throwing the ball all over the place. No crossing routes. I ain't really getting none of that in the first half until the second half. Everything started to open up and then the game became in. Interesting. Jam. Goddamn Jameson. Wilson. Jameson, Jameson Williams, Man, Jameson, Williamson, Jamo. Okay, Go ahead. I just say Jamo. I'm gonna just say Jaymo. Yeah, Jamo man. He's, well, he scared me man.


I don't like when I see players go down like that, I hate when I see players go down like that. Got Nikko, he goes in, he hurt So funny. I'm not saying it's a coincidence, but all of a sudden you have a phenomenal rookie season this year. You change your diet, you change your nutrition, you do all this stuff that you didn't do that worked last year trying to change what you're doing. I'm hoping everything is okay with him. Other than that it was a great game. Dan Campbell and the Lions setting, the tone, the culture, everything over there has changed for the better. And I'm, I'm happy. I'm happy.


Hell, I'm happy for Jerry Golf too. Yeah, because they done, they done, they done shipped them off know like, like he was done and he's still resurrecting and, and and changing the, changing the ways of that that Program, you know what OCHO program program and I'm not too far off track here. I don't believe they thought he was done. Yeah. But I do believe they didn't think he can get him over the hump. And by, by choice. You look at it, they won the trade because they won the Super Bowl. So anytime, some, anytime you make a trade OCHO and you win the Super Bowl, right, how do you lose that trade? And so I think that's what they're looking at and that's what everybody has to evaluate. Can this guy get us to the next level? He took him to a Super Bowl and maybe they say, well hey, he can get us there, but can we get over the Hump And?


if you look at that drive that Matthew staffer put together to take the lead against Cincinnati in the Super Bowl. That's why they got him. That's why they made the trade. Because think about how many times do you see him do this tonight? Ocho he looking over here and throw the ball clear across there. So he has that ability. When you look at the, you look at the lions, you look at the ran football, 31 of 'em temps 163 yards, two touchdowns. Jerry Golf was six 18 or 28, 2 17, 1 touchdown had an interception. Jameson Williams, five for 1 21. The two running backs. Montgomery 17 for 91. Gibbs 11 for 40. But that's the way they wanna play. They wanna play a physical style of football.


You know, Detroit hardworking, blue collar. Yeah. Grit. That's what Dan Campbell has brought to this team. The Lions have a lot, have a lot, the fans have a lot to be excited about because it seemingly last year they went to the NFC championship game or what, A couple of minutes, probably about two minutes away from actually winning that game OCHO and going to the Super Bowl and Dan Campbell's like, look, it's not like we get to pick right back up and go to the NFC championship game. We've got to go back down to the mountain and start to climb again. Right. And they welcomed that and climb back up. I love what I love what I saw from the Rams. It could've got away from 'em because when the, the, excuse me, the Lions, when the Rams took the lead, what happened? Ocho the lions come out three and out.


Boom. Yeah. And I was like, oh man, the Rams can really put this game away. Now give the defense credit AG Aaron Glen, the defensive coordinator, they made a great job. Did they did a great job and stopped it. AG stopped up and given him the ball, gave him the ball back and the lions went down the field, got a a a a field goal, tied it up, sent it in overtime, and then they get the ball and they go down the field running the football, nothing down, Down, down their throat. Which is the most disrespectful, which is the most disrespectful thing you can do in the NFL is like you say, move a man against his will continuously down the field.


Coaches hate that. Co coaches, coaches hate That because they ain't nothing fancy. It ain't no gadgets. It ain't no reverse. It ain't none of that ocho It's handoff, it's Toss. Yeah. That's all it is. That's it, man. My against, against My, we feel our men is better. Our men are better than your men. And I'm here to prove it today That than yours. It's the most, it's the most discouraging, heartbreaking thing that you can do to a team is just line up and just run the ball down your throat. Yeah. Hey man, they, hey, that's on us. They tricked us on that. When they ran a flicker, they ran a a a, a wide receiver pass Hand off, left hand off, right off left toss right.


And that's all they did. So congratulations to the Lions, right? Yeah. Get off to a great start. 26 20 overtime win over the Rams. Quarterbacks that flip sides. Matthew Stafford used to be the quarterback with the number one pick of the lions. Jerry Goff was the number one overall pick of the Rams they swapped and First blood was drawn by the Rams because they wanna sue Bowl with Stafford. Now Jerry Goff is trying to go and try to replicate that with the lions. But the lions win 26 20 in overtime over the Lions.


Hey, it's Angela Yee searching for the perfect new lipstick. Look no further than the new Spike Valentino buttery matte lip color with 10 hour comfort in a non drying matte finish drawing inspiration from the iconic Valentino Gari studded spike bag. Spike Valentino is that girl. The gold aluminum packaging fully embossed with Maison Valentino's signature studs opens to reveal a precise bullet and can you hear that magnetic click? Discover the 12 shades and vibrant news and pops of color from Couture industries to spike pose to its Valentino baby beyond its heritage. Spike Valentino includes a breakthrough ingredient story with light diffusing gel and cotton oil extract to keep lips looking hydrated and delivers high pigment color after one stroke where it bold or soft and blurred For a more subtle look, tell us how you wear Spike Valentino


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. eBay motors is here for the ride. You know what I remember about my first car is that the moment I got it, I wanted to improve it because like most 16-year-old kids, you don't exactly get a luxury automobile. So you look at it, you go, well I need to add some speakers. I need to tin out the windows. I need to make this thing the coolest car possible so I can cruise around town with all my buddies waving at the babes and enjoy myself. So my favorite part of car culture when I was young was definitely the subwoofers in the back of the car. And we built the boxes from scratch, had multiple 12 inch subs and you could hear me coming from a long, long way away. With over 122 million parts. You can make sure your number one ride or die stays running smoothly. Brake kits, LED, headlights, roof racks, bumpers, whatever your baby needs. eBay motors has it And with eBay guaranteed fit. It's guaranteed to fit your ride the first time every time or your money back. Plus at these prices, you're burning rubber, not cash. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


The world is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple CarPlay and a panoramic moonroof make driving the kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is more fun to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, visit nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Inc. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


OCHO the Dolphins beat the Jags. But the big news actually happened before the game and this is what happened. Tyreek Hill was detained by police Sunday, a block away from Hard Rock Stadium or a driving violation. He was reportedly stopped for speeding and then got into a verbal al altercation with the police and was subsequently placed in handcuffs. Dolphin teammate KLEs Campbell, John New Smith stopped to offer support for Hill leading Campbell detainment for disobeying a direct order. Miami-Dade police Department released a statement, requested an immediate review of the incident. One of the officers involved in the Hill Entertainment was placed on administrative duties during the investigation.


No, not administrative lead. Yeah, administrative duty, which means he's gonna be at the desk. He's not gonna be in the field. Ocho what was, what would, we're gonna, we're gonna discuss the game. So but Ocho this situation. Yeah, yeah. You of, I driven the home games. I did it for over 14 years. You did it for 11, 12 years. So, you know, it's like, yeah, lay out, give forgive the fans ideal. You go into the stadium, you gotta be at the stadium. I mean, normally they ask you to be at the stadium two hours before the game. So okay. Now Ocho you leave the hotel night before the game, right? I don't know if you stayed there the full time or you go back home and change, but you're on your way to the stadium. Take the fans through probably what transpired with Tyrek.


I mean, well obviously he was headed to the stadium. I mean the, the rest of if I'm, I'm blocking at the background. That's, that's right. Outside the stadium. Outside of, outside of garden in the, yes, because you know, because you could see the stadium, you know, in the, in the background. So obviously, obviously he was right there. I'm not sure what ac what actually what actually happened. I'm not sure what time it was. I'm not sure if it was running late. So obviously if you're stopping for a driving violation, the only type of driving violation you could have two hours before a game would have to be speeding of some sort. Maybe not using your signal. I'm, I'm assuming something minor. Well, speeding is not minor obviously, so I'm, he I'm assuming he was pulled over because all, all, all I have to go off of is based on what we all saw.


I mean that, that's it. I I I think, I think it's unfortunate. I think it's an easy fix. I think it was a very easy fix to where it even ha it didn't even have to get to this point to, to where it got to today. I'm not, I'm not sure if cooler heads had prevailed in that, in that time or in that manner or him being detained wouldn't have happened in that, in that situation. I think you and I have talked about it before, when you're stopped by the police and, and doing all you can to be able to, to, to resolve the issue without it going any further. You know, I'm not sure if Tyrese said anything, maybe the officer was, was having a bad day, was having a, a bad day.


But there has to be some level of respect on both ends where this, where, where this doesn't happen. The fact that I don't have the evidence on what really happened and what transpired for it to get to that point. It's hard for me to dig deeper and say some of the things I want to say outside of the fact. It shouldn't get to that point though. There should be a level of respect on both ends. Obviously. Especially Miami pe, Miami Police Department. If you work in a game, if you work in a game, you're on detail at the game and you know it's a player, obviously maybe extending him a little grace if he is running late letting him know, hey re if anything just slow down a little bit baby. 'cause you got people, you got foot traffic, obviously there's a game going on, people trying to get to the game.


Slow down a little bit if you're gonna be late, if anything, just take the fine or whatnot, whatever, whatever it might have been. I don't know what it was. But again, I mean, as officers knowing that there's a game getting ready to be played and knowing that it's, it's a player. Not saying he should be getting, getting grace, obviously there rules and laws that you have to abide by, but it just, it just, there's a certain level of respect that officers normally have for a player or in a situation and understanding what's going on. But in, in this case, I, I think the Thing is, ladies and gentlemen, like we go to the game, we were had to be, we were required to be to the game at least two hours before the game. So our game, well start at two o'clock. Yeah. Because we in mountain time, so we start, had to be there at least by 12.


I normally got to the, I normally got to the stadium about four and a half hours before the game. So I normally got to the game, the stadium about four and a half hours before the game. So the traffic wasn't as heavy. But a lot of times they block it off because they don't want traffic. They wanna be able to control the traffic coming in one way. They don't want the normal flow of traffic being able to come in all directions. So there a lot of times they'll have it blocked off. Right. I was always conscious of that. And so, you know, anytime I pulled up to an area and I saw police officers, I would al, I would like roll my window down to let 'em know this is Shannon because my winner, I always had, you know, I always had 10, but I wanted them to know that, hey I'm Shannon, you know, hey I'm going to the stadium. And a lot of it, most of them recognized who I was.


Hey, hey Mr. Sharp, how you doing? Have a great game. So forth and so on. Now obviously the later, the later you get to that, that cutoff time that teams have established, the more foot traffic is gonna be coming. And so obviously you, they don't want you reading through their 50, you know, not even 35 miles an hour. They probably want you around five to 10 miles an hour because there are some traffic. Like I said, I haven't been to in Miami state of OCHO in since 98. So I couldn't, no, I actually, we played them in the divisional round. Yeah, but that's been so long. That's been so long ago OCHO so that's been over two decades. So I really couldn't tell you. And you know, normally when we come in on the bus, we got police escort. So it's a lot different when you got police escort as opposed to being, you know, you driving yourself different.


Yeah. And so you are absolutely right. I, I think the thing is for that minor of a traffic for, okay, he's speeding and you got to lay him face down on, right. Yeah. Hold on, hold on. Right. Write him a ticket. Write, write him a ticket. There's no reason to detain him. Right. There's no reason for him to be face down. But, but what, what you do have to think of if it, if it, if it sought to that, if they resulted to the, to the point of having to have him face down like that. Well, yeah. Might Some exchange back and forth. There might have been some exchange back and forth. That's the only time it gets to that point. When an individual is being somewhat volatile towards the law, then they take things in their own hands.


Because as you get a little loud, what's the first thing they do? Well and In that situation, no. Tried, they try to detain you that situation. He's gone, he escalate the situation. He got all the power. He got a gun, he got a taser. He got a baton. Yeah, he got a bulletproof vest on. Yes, sir. He's in that situation. He's gone. My thing is, anytime the police officer comes to my car, I get pulled over. My job is to get him to the car, back to his car. Me on my way. He on his way with as little conversation as possible. I, okay, you pulled me over Mr. Sharp. Sir, you know how fast you were going, sir? I really don't but you, I I, I welcome you telling me when you was traveling such and such, and this my, explain, I say I'm sorry, officer, I, I didn't know I was traveling that fast, but I'm gonna take your word for it because I'm trying to get him Ocho I'm trying to get him to my car.


Yes, sir. Back to his car. As quick as possible, the longer he stays at my car, the greater the chance that there's something that we can, it can escalate. Now, a lot of times they're supposed to be in a situation right. Where they deescalate the situation, but that's not always how, and plus, oh, you think because you this, you that you driving this car? Oh, you think you can? No, I don't think that. So that was, that's my whole thought process. How soon can I get him to my car, back to his car or on his motorcycle and get him on his way in a situation like that Ocho for the, for tyreek to be laid down. And it looked like I, I saw a video. It looked like the guy kneed him in his back.


I thought that was un Yeah, yeah. Yeah. He, I, he kicking, but I thought he knee, I thought he knee did. I could be wrong. And maybe the video, maybe somebody, the video that I saw. Right. Maybe that wasn't how it happened, but it, it looked apparently to me that the guy did me him a little excessive. Yeah. Now, I'm not saying that he dropped the, the Rick Flare LD on him or something like that, you know, it wasn't wwe, but, but it looked like it was unnecessary. Right. It seemed to me that it was unnecessary that you lay a man down in the street for a traffic violation. I can see if the guy, he was a traffic violation and he was warned for some heinous crime, but that, I don't think that was the case.


But I think what's gonna happen, because this was so public, and it is the Miami Dolphins and Stephen Ross and the NFL now is everybody's getting involved. Oh, you're gonna come to a quick resolution here and I can assure you that one probably won't happen again. I'm not gonna say category for certain, but there's a great chance that this won't happen again. That guy might have been a little over zealous. Yeah. I'm not saying that Tyreek wasn't speeding, but I'm just saying, I, I don't know if speeding warrants that laying a man down face down in the pavement. You put your knee in his back, you handcuff it. I mean, if you gonna do, if you going, if you're gonna do all that, I listen, you might as well go and take him down.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Most definitely. I mean, and yes, that, that would make it, that would make it even worse. That would, that would make it even worse. And obviously I wish the, I wish the situation could have been rectified right away because there's a certain level respect. Wish You shouldn't, hadn't gotten that Obviously me being from Miami. That I, that Yes. Wait, not, not, not even close. Right. Not even close. Not two, not two hours before a game when the officers understand that. Okay. Whatever the driving violation may have been. Listen, quick little talk. Listen, you gotta slow down, but you know what, okay, if you, you are speed a little bit. Listen, I know you got a game, baby. You can't be, you can't be driving that fast through here. Right. I got to give you a ticket. I got to give you a ticket, man. I got, I got to do right by the law. But I'm gonna let you go. Yeah. Let you go on about your way.


That's it. Simple. It's over. Driver's, driver's license, registration. I gotta write this ticket. Just slow down for me next time. We got seven more home games here. Next time you come through, hopefully We got more than that. Just be driving the right way. Hopefully we got more homie, Huh? Oh, I okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Most definitely Mo Mo. Most definitely. Most definitely. But listen, it's, it's, I think it's a sustained though. It's sustained on the Miami, on on the, on the Miami people. It's Miami. It's definitely not a good look. It's definitely not good. Look, It's, it's over abusing your power just a little bit. Just a little bit. Yeah. Understanding the situation, understanding the circumstances, you know, it, Tyreek is no threat in, in this situation.


He's not gonna do you any bodily harm. I mean, you, you know that, so I think it, I think obviously was very excessive. No, and, and unnecessary. Yeah. Like, like, but like, you know, I, I think the thing is, I mean like Tyreek said, what if he wasn't who he was? And the thing is now I think you know the cameras and a lot of times and people are like, well, body cameras on, you know, he had, he, they're wearing body cams and people are like, well Shannon, yeah, you talking about you don't get on the elevator with women. Do you understand there was cameras? Do you know how many times we've seen stuff on cameras and mofos walk about the courtroom, Scott ass free. And you want me to change that? Just my luck. Guess what? The camera ain't working that day.


How many times a situation? Oh, the officer forgot to turn his body cam on Ocho, I assume nothing. Mm. Thinking they slick the, the Off the moment you pull somebody off, you supposed to hit Be on, But that's not the here nor there. Yeah, Tyreek's. Okay. Yeah. Probably a little, a lot embarrassed, not a little, a lot embarrassed because this played out in front of national in front of, you know. Yeah. You play in front of millions, but I, I don't expect to be handcuffed face down with a knee in my back. Yeah. Oh, not, not in my own city. Not in the city I play for. And then Tyreek, he did what Tyreek Hill does.


He catches a 80 yarder, takes it to the house. He ends the day seven, catch seven catches for a buck down the 80 yarder. And then he did a by 10:00 AM that had his hand behind his back. And at 3:00 AM he had a celebration going with his hand behind his back. Yeah. Here in Jalen Waddle accounted for 200, his back, 11 of the Miami Dolphins, 400 total yards in offense. Two or through for 3 38. One touchdowns. Jacksonville was the ninth best defense against the run last season. And they showed it. Miami only had 25 carriers for 81 yards, but a chain had 75. Russian Waddle had five for 1 0 9.


Tyreek had seven for a buck 30. But this game seemed to be, oh, Joe, this game was about to be put the way Jag eight 18 n The Jags And dude comes the, the jet and peanut punches. They get the ball and two plays later, punch es tyreek. So what was about to be a 24 7 ball game, Ocho now all of a sudden you get the ball at the 20 and two plays later, Tyreek's in the end zone. Right? And So now what was supposed to be 24? Yeah, 24 7 is 1714 now. Now you get, now the crowds back in the game. Now the defense starting to feel good about themselves.


Yeah, we Got a ball game. But give Miami credit, Jacksonville had an opportunity to really put some, put some distance between them. They were unable to do it and it just go, it just, yeah. And the blink went out. A momentum flipped just like that. Ocho a 14 point swing Ocho, the Steelers beat the Falcons behind six field goal by Chris Bono. 1810. Russell Wilson aggravated a calf injury earlier in the week, gave Justin Fields an opportunity. Justin Fields from the Atlanta area, he completed 17 or twenty three, a hundred and fifty six yards. He rushed 14 times for 57 yards. But the most important thing for Justin Fields, he didn't turn it over.


No. Chris Boswell is the kicker, not Bono. Chris Boswell the ball over and as the game went on, it looked like Justin Fields got more and more comfortable. He look Comfortable. Yeah. I Say this again. The great thing that Tom Brady could do, he understood what type of game it was gonna be. Justin Fields look, ain't gonna be a whole lot of points score. First of all, Arthur Smith is not gonna turn me loose, is not gonna have me throwing and spreading the ball all over the field. So let me, yeah. Get the ball to George Pickens. Let me hand this ball locked to Najee Harris and let them do what they do. And all I don't, as long as I don't put the ball in harm's way, I like our chance of winning this ball game.


And that's exactly what happened. Yes, the Steelers office was a, they did, yeah. They couldn't finish drives, but they had a very reliable kicker. He kicked a 51 yarder, a 56 yarder, a 57 yarder to become the first Pittsburgh Steeler kicker to kick three field goals. A 50 plus yards in a game in franchise history. The question I got for you, Ocho, if Russell Wilson is healthy next week, does he start Yeah. Or do you stick with Justin Fields? Absolutely not. You know, you know, Russell Wilson is going back to his starting job. You know, Russell Wilson was awarded the starting quarterback for the Pittsburgh Steelers. Therefore, when he's back healthy, he's backing the slot.


I think the offense in itself in general, especially with the playbook and the play calling and with Arthur Smith, it opens up the playbook exponentially as opposed to it as opposed if, if Justin Fields was at the helm. 2, 2, 2, 2 different, two different type of quarterbacks. So I think the best fit for the Steelers would be Russell Wilson for the foreseeable future. But anyway, Adam Sheta dropped the bomb this morning that Coach Belichick wants to return to coaching next season. Hell, he wanted to coach this season. That's why he went on job interviews that make it seem like, they make it seem like Coach Belichick turned jobs down. That wasn't the case.


I I, you know what I, I'd like, I'd like to see him coach. I think the difference now with, with Bill is will bill be able to adapt to the younger generation of players? Will he be able to evolve? I don't think, I don't think the older style of coaching in a sense will resonate with the younger, with the younger generation. I don't know if that makes sense. I think you might be able to explain it a little better. I think those in the chat might understand what I'm saying. Being able to relate to the players, being able for getting the players to understand how you do things. I don't think the old school style of coaching will, will, will go very well with him, if that makes sense.


As I reported Coach Belichick wants to return to coaching. If the right opportunity presents itself, Belichick will be able to keep a close eye on the league through the media projects, tracking his players in Reding himself to coach again, Pocho, where do you land? Where would you think he will land? Like, as I said, he went on some interviews. Remember he had two interviews with the Falcons Cowboys before they settled on Raheem Morris, Cowboys Morris, excuse me. He interviewed somewhere else. Where else did he interview at? Didn't he interview with two teams? I know he interviewed with the Falcons who Yeah, no, I'm saying did he interview? I'm talking about to be a head coach.


They wanted him as old a DC in, in, in San Fran. Did he interview in Seattle? Did he interview? Why? Why am I thinking He interviewed with two teams. I know he had two interviews with the Falcons. I, I I like, I like, I like, honestly, honestly, I like Bill on tv. He want that record. I like Bill on tv. He want Shula. Nah. Is it three seven? I think it's like 3 79. What's number again? Two, something like that. 3 47 probably like 20 games. Where How far away is he? 25 games. Yeah, That's it.


Yeah. Hold on. That's it in the right situation. That's it. In New England he wasn't, whatever. I mean, well, obviously yeah. I mean he wasn't gonna get it. 'cause Well, I mean we're, we're, we're Where can It go? Can you imagine brother Check with the Cowboys. Just the Falcons. Just the Falcons. Okay. Say I You just go ahead coach. Yeah. Huh? You heard me? Could you, could you imagine Bill with the bill with the Cowboys? That ain't happening. It's hard Ocho when you think about it. When you've had power for 20 years. Yeah, No, for so last, so 20. Yes sir. Almost, almost 25 years. You had total control, right?


How do you go and you have a general manager over you and you don't get really final say on the roster or draft how you operate under that. I think I you, you have a conversation before you even Yeah. That's why you have those, those those interviews. Understanding, understanding the la land, laying the landscape before you even get hired. And if, if, if the young fellow with the star who run owns the team doesn't, doesn't agree. You just walk Well know Jerry ain't gonna give you the Jerry Ocho. He talking Argue one of the greatest coaches of ball. Can't nobody do it better than him.


I I I mean Bill has 6 2, 4 championships. I Think he can from start to finish. Can't nobody do it like me. Oh, Hey, One thing about it, he's a, he's a salesman. Can't nobody sit, can't nobody sell a product like he can now. That, that, that, that I agree with. The Volume


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for champion league match live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


Vitamin Water was born in New York because New Yorkers wanted more flavor to pair with all the amazing food in the city. Vitamin Water is so New York, its three favorite cheeses are chopped cheese, bacon, egg and cheese, and a slice of cheese pizza. Drink vitamin water. It's from New York.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, You feel good enough to go out there and play, you Turn on that switch. No one can stop you For more. Check out bs.com.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Kroger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back score. Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone.