
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year? Degree Change the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old s sent back and degree listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool Rush sent back, and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one minutes enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other source now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


It is Ryan here. And I have a question for you. What do you do when you win? Like, are you a fist pumper? A woo-hoo, a hand clap, or a high fiver? If you wanna hone in on those winning moves, check out Chumba Casino. Choose from hundreds of social casino style games for your chance to redeem serious cash prizes. There are new game releases, weekly plus free daily bonuses. So don't wait. Start having the most fun ever@chumbacasino.com. No Purchase necessary. VG w Group Void for prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Did You know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families with Greenlight. You can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at greenlight.com/iheart.


The Volume, But I I, I really hope George Piggins figures it out. I mean, he's too talented ojo to be bouncing around. You know, sometimes people will give you grace. One of you okay, wasn't the right situation. The quarterback, you go to the Cowboys like, okay, but don't, don't, don't, don't, don't go anywhere else but the Cowboys. Now if the money, You know, you want more money and I, I totally understand that, but don't have the issues that you had in Pittsburgh, here in Dallas. That's all. That's all I'm saying. Like Deontay Johnson look like, bro, you had you on three teams last year, something ain't right And you can, hey.


So hopefully I I, because I agree with you Ocho, I think he's too talented. He can run, he can catch, he's strong, he physical, got great, great catch radius. Great run after the catch can high point the football, he can block what he wants to block. Yeah, But the problem is a lot of these young receivers ocho, they only see value in catching touchdown the passes. They don't see value in clearing it out and letting, let CD lamb come in behind him and catch it. They don't see value in blocking and the running back, instead of getting a 10 yard, he got a 50 yard touchdown. So you gotta find value in other things when you're not doing what the thing you see is valuable. He sees valuable as catching a bunch of passes, scoring touchdowns, but there's also value, value in opening it up.


So seeding Lamb and Jake Ferguson and maybe the third receiver gets a catch or a block that, You know, a guy could have got 10 yard, you got 10 yards, maybe you spring in for 40 or 50. You have to find other ways to bring value and to have value other than the thing that you think is valuable, which is catching passes and catching touchdowns. But I hope he gets it figured out because I do think he's immensely talented. I think he has a bright future. But don't squander this opportunity young man. Don't quander it. I told yeah, I told I told you I got him. He good. We done had the conversation. Okay. That's why after that conversation I told you I had with him, we ain't had no issue since now. Whatever. Whatever the feeling. He Ain't playing no football since. Hey, my point. Exactly my point. Exactly. So what you think we, He ain't have no problems off the field.


He's all problems on the Field. Tell me, stay with me real quick. Now I want you to see now watch the George Pickers. We get in Dallas. I'm, and I'm I'm saying he, 'cause if he, if he went to goddamn Dallas, I'm part of Dallas too now watch what we get. Okay? So anytime he, anytime he make mistake, everybody makes you come back and you blame me. It's my fault I let y'all die. No, I mean I man, I don't care about, look, you're gonna make mistakes, but I'm gonna say I Know what you mean. Hey, I talk about that. I'm talking about that. I'm I'm talking about that too. All All of you. Yeah, because it's hard to tell if You know, obviously, You know, sometimes guy run the wrong route. The quarterback was like put his hands up and he is like my, You know, he'll point to himself.


That's really the only way, You know, unless You know, you played in the offense and You know, the route combination and what, what goes with what. A lot of times I see West Coast's offense, I kind of, I'm pretty familiar. They might call the terminology something different now. 'cause it's evolved since Bill Walsher, well, Paul Brown, that was Paul Brown's offense. And then Bill Walsher expanded upon him and gave it to West coast offense. It's expanded. But I have a pretty good general knowledge of teams that run that system. What the route combination, what what it should look. And so I feel very comfortable and I say something that, that I, I'm correct to a fairly degree of certainty, but he can definitely help the cowboys.


Cowboys have been looking for a number two since CD got there. They had Gallup, Gallup, You know, had a, had a good year, got the big contract, he just couldn't stay healthy Ocho Yeah. And he wasn't the same player after he came off that knee injury. He tore, I think he tore his ACL. He wasn't the same. He wasn't, he wasn't the same. He wasn't the same. It's hard. The ACL, the ACL, the A, the ACL they got Achilles. It is very, very difficult to come back, especially for skilled position players. I think quarterbacks, You know, if if you, if you not much of a dual threat, which most quarterbacks are now, it's hard to come back, man. It's Very, yeah. It, it normally takes you a year unless your Adrian Peterson, Adrian Peterson got people, got people thinking that, that he just had an ankle sprain.


Hey, He came back and had a better season the next year. And what? Yeah, he went for 2000 with the MVP and offensive player of the year. Yeah, he was, I almost broke a Ed's record. He was what? He had 2097. So he was nine yards short of breaking Ed's record. The closest anyone has been, he's single handedly got that team to the playoffs. 'cause his quarterback was Chris partner and They had Sidney rice. Remember Sidney Rice? Yeah, I remember Sidney. Yeah. But Man You said you wanted to see pick go somewhere else and, and see.


Well, you get your wishes. Hold on. I think he got his wishes. Not only did he get his wishes, now we have consistent quarterback play. I don't care what the chat or which people of the world may think of Dak Prescott. He's still in adequate quarterback in this NFL. He's better than what he had in Pittsburgh for Sure. Who you, who you telling, You know. So obviously in that NFC, in that NFC east, it's a good thing for the Cowboys offensively. So Deck has someone else outside of CD Lamb and I can't remember the Titans name, who's actually good Jake Ferguson. Ferguson is a, a, a reliable target. But to add, to add George Pickens to the ham and to that weaponry for for, for, for Dak to have offensively, I think they gonna do numbers.


They, they gonna do wonders. It just, it just boasts that offense. And listen, long as they use young boy the right way, man, the sky's the limits for him. The sky's the limit for him. Steelers DB Deshaun Elliot does not want Alan Lazar to be traded to his team under the IG post. Talking about Lazar being involved in the heavy trade rumors with Pittsburgh. Deshaun commented, he's so booty. Wait, Wait, say that again. You can see, you see it up on your screen. You can see what I, you can see exactly what I see. Damn. He's so cheeks. LOLI Can't, I can't see it that good man. You know my man, my eyes bad now. Well, well, everybody, every, everybody else see it.


Well, hey, what happened now say it again. Tell, tell, tell me the truth because it's too small up there. Alan has already being involved in trade. The Steelers are possibly, could possibly trade for Alan Lazar. Okay. Deshaun commented under the post talking about the trade and he said he's Cheeks. Wasn't Deshaun, Deshaun Elliot, he's a DB for the Pittsburgh Steelers. The Steelers are involved in, I I get it. A lard who's the receiver You can read. You know, but you see what he said right there? Yeah. Said are they beefing though? Okay. I don't know what is, that's what he said. I don't, I didn't get any further than that. You know exactly what I know. I Think we to be a fly on the wall. I hope that trade does go through and Al Azar does go through the Steelers.


'cause now the Steelers have to find a replacement for George Pickens. So somebody gotta come in there. Some, they, they need a body somewhere. I can't wait to see that. Deshaun. Deshaun Elliot. Yeah, Shooty. He like that. He like that. He got that. Is he like that? He's supposed to be that boy at, at db Ocho. Ocho ocho. I'm just all I said okay. Steeler Deshaun Elliot does not want Alan Lazar traded to his team under an IG post. Talking about Lazar being involved in heavy trade room rumors with Pittsburgh. Deshaun commented. Deshaun Deshaun Elliot Blue check mark. Blue check Mark. He's so cheeks.


Yeah, I'm asking you, is he like that? He talking about his team? Is he that boy? Is he the Ocho you ocho we both do the same thing. I don't know. Is he like that? I'm Asking you. I dunno. Listen, I I What? You don't mean you don't know. Do You know? Yes, but I know he Good like that. He like, he, he like, he the next coming rib, I guess he said, hey, I guess he said, he said, he said Lazar isn't like that. Okay. Is he ctan? Is he Ramsey? Is he stingy? Right. That's That's what I'm asking you. I mean, he, I'm okay. That's, that's all I wanted to know. I just wanna know. Hold Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You just said all year long. You say you like when players speak up. I, I, You know how it is That I like that.


So What, does it matter if he's like that or not? No, Because do that to the opponent, not to somebody coming to You. No. You said you want players to tell the truth even with their own team. Right? That's what you saying. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Yeah, I I like that. But I'm just listen, like, talking like that. You gotta be that boy. Why he telling the truth? You Still gotta be that boy So another so enough. You're not the boy you can't kill. So you can't Be saying somebody else suck and then you ain't good at your job either. That don't make no motherfucker se That don't make no sense. Just because I'm not good at my job. That don't mean he good at he's two things can be true. I can suck at my job. He suck at his two things can be true.


This is not a mu a mutually exclusive endeavor here. Listen. Hey listen, listen, I'm a avid, I'm a avid, I'm a avid football fan. I'm, I'm, I'm an enthusiast. I'm very passionate about this. So obviously I'm asking, You know, how much I love the DB position people in the chat, You know how much I love the DB position and I study the players that are at the position. Most of the time it's most of the big names. So the fact that I'm asking is he even like that I need, I need to see him on film. Young Bull, Deshaun Elliot, I'm, I'm watching you this year. I love you. I respect you, but you talk about my receivers, you talk about a friend of mine.


So now, now I got my eyes on you. So now throughout the season, obviously when the Steelers play, you gotta play the Bengals. So I wanna see what you do against Chase. Huh? I wanna see what you do against, But Lazar ain't Chase, I'm sure. I don't think he was said that if they had, if they was the ball train group with Chase calling somebody else cheeks. So that means you gotta be that boy. So now I'm expecting I was a trash talker. I was a trash. That's what I did. I did that 13 years straight. Yeah. You know, and I talked for a reason 'cause I could walk everything I back. So if you're calling one person trash, then you gotta be that boy. I make, I'm excited. Every, Everybody, everybody that talk trash ain't like that. You think everybody, so everybody that talk trash, Jordan and Kobe? No, but oh, oh, oh. Only people that talk, Hey, think about this.


The people that actually have the personality and and the balls and the balls that actually talk trash are actually that boy. And I mean it helps. Hey, I'm excited. I not, I I listen, I'm excited. I I like stuff like that. Huh? Now I did. Hey, did Lagar respond back? I don't know. Did did Lazar respond back? And I I I well he, he hadn't responded back at the time that we, we came on the air, right? I think the thing is OCHO now with social media and, and, and, and Caron and you were talking about this in basketball, what players think of other players in their own locker room is differently than what we at the outside thinks of certain players, right?


So maybe the show, and maybe, maybe they Played against you the but before She thought we thought like this Ocho but we didn't have a platform to go say, yeah, he, he's some cheeks. He booty. Yeah. We didn't have no platform, but somebody was talking about a trade or somebody was saying something, we couldn't go comment under it. I like this though. We read about it in the newspaper or we saw, we saw it, but there's no way for us to comment on it. Or we might say, oh joke, he, we might say, oh he sucked amongst us in the locker room, but then nobody that wasn't in the locker room would hear it. I like Now it's like there for bo everybody to see it. They got a blue check mark. So it's killed. I like it. But also, unless it's, unless he was hacked, But now he, he wasn't hacked.


But this is what it does though, uncle, you, when you put it out there like this and on social media, now you gonna have everybody watching you. Not only that. So if something, if something goes wrong on your end during the season, what's the first thing they gonna bring up? Bingo. So now you get you or you getting, or you getting toasted. Now you got, now you got the eye in the sky on you. So you gotta be careful. That's why I said wait a minute, did he really tweet that out like that? Like publicly. Like in order to do that you got to be that boy and there's a certain level of confidence you got to carry when you talk trash like that on social media. Yeah, that's why I was asking. Now I know who Joy Porter Jr is. You, you, You know. Right? So You know the Deshaun Elliot boy, you, you on my radar boy there you one.


When you you talk you gotta walk it baby. And that's the thing is, is that he might've been talking about Alan Azar, but all people gonna see is that that receiver beat you. So it doesn't matter who you talked about. Even though that the receiver that beat you had nothing to do with it. You didn't say nothing about him. You was talking about him. But hey, that's on him now. It's out there now Ocho he said it Ocho the Cowboys. Yeah. Say had something brewing all right now traded for George Pickens. They will send a 2026 third round pick and a 2027 fifth round pick to the Steelers for Pickens and a 20 27 6 round pick. Yeah. The Cowboys had been searching for a legit wide receiver alongside cd.


But is Pickens the answer for Dallas? Damn right. He's the answer. Got J on blue CD Lamb George Pickett and Jake Ferguson along with Dak Prescott at the quarterback Ocho. Did the Steelers get enough for Pickens? Yeah, I think, I think they have the, I'm not worried about with the Steeles guy. I ain't really thinking about them. The fact that you let one of the better players in the NFL go despite the issues and the problems that he's had, forget that you just made Dallas better. You just made Dallas better. A lot of people in the chat, they might not understand how good George Pickers actually is. He needs this. He needed to change the scenery. Not only did he get to change the scenery, he went to America's team.


This is perfect for that. This is very, very good for Dak because not only is CD Lamber number one, you got your another number one in there too. You got your another number one that can hit his head off the goal post from anywhere. Slants hitches, deep balls, whatever it may be. Dak Prescott has to be thanking the football guards for this addition to his offense. It makes him better, especially in AFCs. The Eagles, they got Devonta Smith, they got AJ Brown, the Commanders, they got Deebo Sameer, they got Terry McLaurin, the Giants, well the Giants only have Malik neighbors. I'm not sure that the quarterback situation is still questionable. They have jam as they have Russell Wilson. But the Dallas Cowboys should make some noise this year despite their defensive roles that have been issues for them, especially stopping the run.


No, they should score 35 40 a game. They should score 35, 40 a game. It shouldn't be no issues. I don't care nothing about your running game to me. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not saying it's equivalent to getting Saquon Barkley. I'm just saying the addition of George Pickens will make them offensively that much better. Especially if whoever the officer coordinator is, I can't remember his name if they use him. Brian Heimer shot Shotten Hammerer there. Yeah, he's the head coach. So he's the coordinator. Man. Ain't gonna be straight man. They gonna be straight now. Don't be surprised now I'm gonna say it here first. There's no disrespect to my Eagles. The Eagles, You know I love you all my Eagles fans, You know I I love you. No disrespect to the commanders either.


I love y'all. But don't be shocked if the goddamn cowboys win the nfcs sy because that yeah, I'm gonna be shocked that one edition. I'm telling you I'm gonna Be shocked. I'm telling you it makes a quarterback job. But I've been telling Ocho, I've been telling OCHO this since we had th cap. I said it's called production and tolerance. And as long as production is here, tolerance will be here. Tolerance will never supersede production. I told Ocho this man, I said Ocho, I'm telling you. I said they team will tolerate you until they can replace you. Yeah. Hey remember we had that talk, right? Remember I told you I talked with pick remember after I told you Yeah, I told you I talked to him.


Have you noticed he you haven't had any issues from Pickens after that point that I think it was the Local Kansas City game. Christmas. Yeah, There was The Kansas City game happened.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family. Parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American public University value for the whole family. Learn more@apu.apus.edu slash military.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An Iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having Hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of Hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


So we all made mistakes, right? But on it up to them, it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and agreed listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the OG Cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one Miss anti Persin for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried, it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past, Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Remember he didn't run, they read that red cover too and Oh yeah, that's how picked Split. He Didn't run. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But but, but again, but again, he needed to change the scenery on I agree. This is a good thing for him. He's an immense talent on he, his name needs to be the, in the conversation of the top 10 receivers when it comes to not only production 'cause he has the talent to do it all Heimer has to do is use them the right way to his strengths. He's gonna be tremendous for the Cowboys. Hey, look, look, I'm just trying to figure out what it is and going on in Pittsburgh that all these receivers keep getting up outta there. I don't know, but Uncle Ocho, I got a confession.


What that man, I've been a long time cowboy fan man. You know Jerry Jones, you from Arkansas? Yeah, I know you ain't got OCHO j Jones alumni. Listen yeah, I, I'm happy for us as Cowboys fans and I'm looking forward to us having a pretty solid season, man. That's all I'm saying. I I know I had to get to know y'all before I told y'all that because I know how y'all be. And I figured, but You know what I figured as much being from Arkansas and I Arkansas is close to Dallas. I I I didn't think it I, me I was gonna say anything. I was like, you probably Yeah, Because everybody, because a lot of people that I know from Arkansas, they do root for the cowboy. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


They root they they root for the cowboys. So I'm not surprised by this, but I agree with you Ocho I do think this this significant helps their offense. Now the question is, are they gonna, who they gonna have, who the hell they gonna have block it for that O whole line. They got a little makeshift o line right now, huh? Yeah, they do. I think they, They they gonna be all right though. They gonna be all right. I'm, I'm, and You know what? Can the Eagles do? Ojo. Oh, they can Run the ball boy and they can throw it and they can block. They they got, they got the, They Got quarterback. Oh yeah. Oh my goodness. I forgot all. There you go Chuck. Get your quarter back. Yeah. And listen, this is an important, this is an important year for pick too. Huh? This is, this is an important Year. Yeah. In the contract year, Man, there you go.


Right there. He needs to get the, I I know he see Jamar Chase, he see Justice Jefferson, he CT Higgins and everybody else getting paid. He deserves to be paid in that upper echelon of one of the top receivers in the league. And this is his year. This is this, this is his year. You, you, you, you, no problems, no issues, no attitudes, no no playing around. This is a money year for you go out there and hand your Business. That's it. I'm trying to get, I'm trying to be at that $30 million receiver range we gonna throw on the ball. Yeah. Oh. Oh, he gonna keep it now? Yes, sir. Who, who you think run the trade? Ocho The Cowboys won the trade.


The goddamn Steelers. They ain't got no, they ain't even filling out the quarterback situation yet. I don't care how many picks you got. Third round, two second round, first round, man, you have no quarterback. So I see them finishing fourth in the division this year. Someone tweeted OCHO Dallas just broke the golden rule. Never buy a wide receiver. Mike Tomlin is sell it. Do you agree? No, I, I'm not sure how that's the golden rule. I I, I don't understand. 'cause every, every, every receiver, every, every Antonio Brown that's left there, Antonio Brown, how did, hold on. Okay, hold on, hold on. Martavia Bryan, how did that work out?


Or Joe? I'm not sure. I can't remember where he went. Okay. Antonio Brown. How It worked out? Good. Well, when he left For who? Where? Everywhere he went. Raiders. Oh. Oh, you talking about what they did personally? Now I, I I can't touch on that. I'm, I'm, I'm okay. I see what you mean. No, So it worked out well. Okay. How about Chase Clay Pool? Okay. Okay, go ahead. Go ahead. Deontay Johnson, He, he hasn't been able to get his foot in the mud yet. Okay. Three teams. Three teams and three and, and, and, and, and He's in, he's in Cleveland right now, right? Yeah, him and they gonna, they gonna do damage. Where Did he, where did he get traded to? Carolina? Well, Carolina, He got, he went, he went to Carolina first. Yeah, he went Carolina to where?


And then he went somewhere else, right? Baltimore? Yeah. And, and what did Baltimore do? Ocho Joe, what you laughing at Joe? Yeah, I'm just asking. Hey, hey, we gonna, we, we gonna be all right though. We gonna be all right. So I can under, I can understand what the tweet is saying. Never by receiver San Antonio Holmes plaques made plaques had that great, had that one season that he played with the Giants. They won the Super Bowl.


Mike Wallace, he kind of didn't have, he, I mean he kind of bounced around. He had a pretty good year in, in Baltimore, but I think he got, he went to, didn't he go, where'd he go first? He went to Miami, didn't he? He go to Miami, I thought said Miami first. Oh, Minnesota. He went to, I think y'all think Mike Wallace went to MI Minnesota? Min went to Miami first. Can't remember. I can't remember. And then he ended up going to Baltimore, right? I don't remember. I don't remember that nigga. Mike was fast, bro. Hold On. What you trying to say? You saying the wide receivers, they come from the Steelers. They don't do nothing when they leave. I, I, I don't, I don't know why they have these issues when they're in Pittsburgh.


That's what I don't get. Because they, I mean they, they're immensely talented. San Antonio Holmes was Sue. MVP Ocho. Yeah. And they let him walk. Yeah. A ab and he still might because he's a Hall of Fame talent. Yeah. I just think he's gonna have to wait a lot longer than what he should have based on the numbers that he put up. Ocho. That's all I'm saying. Clay Pool. I don't know what it happened to him. Marvis Bryant, we know he had some issues, but you look at the receiver, the one thing Steelers can do, Ocho they could draft receiver. I don't know how Always, always the Steelers listen, the Steelers, the Bengals, who else always have a receiver?


The Cowboys. They had Manuel Sanders. The Manuel Sanders was great. Denver. But he, they they just couldn't pay everybody. Yeah. So I, I mean some of them, but some of the guys that they kept, they ended up having issues and ended up leaving. I is is Claypool still in the league? I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I, I, I don't, I don't, I'm not sure. Yeah, I I know I I know one thing. This is, this is this, this is, this is a do it do or die do or die season for George Pickens. His back is against the wall. He deserves to be paid. I understand the, the, the talent. You know the talent, people in the chat that actually watch the game of football despite whatever issues he may have on field, sometimes some of the antics.


He is a immensely talented when used the right way. I think that, I think the Steelers kind of didn't do him do justice and obviously he didn't help his, his, his, Well, I mean the Steelers didn't have no quarterback to do him Justice. Yeah, that, that too. So Woody did with what he had to work with. He did the best he could. Now one where he is going now with another elite partner on the other side of you. Well, he going to eat. I'm telling you. He going eat. He he going eat As you mentioned ocho, the NF Cs, you got cd, Pickens neighbors, Deebo, McCluen, Devonte and aj Brown, brown. They Put it over there, buddy.


Is that the best? Is that the best? Is that the best division for receivers? Absolutely. Absolutely. I'm from, from top to bottom. Now there are other, the other good receivers in the other divisions, but they, boy, they take the K boy. Yeah, they take the cater. Yeah. I mean most teams like, yeah, they don't have, I mean de I I think that, I think that the NFC North with Detroit, Chicago, Minnesota Green Bay. Yeah. I think they got, they got nice little but I not, not like this, like That. They, they got some good ones. They got Some not like this. NFC, let's see. NFC West? Nope. NFC South? Nope.


Yep. NFC North we just mentioned the north. A FC South? No, A FC West. AFC A Now AFC South got some good ones because they got Travis Har. Okay. They got Brian Thomas Jr. Hey, that's A good, They got Nick, they got Tank. They got Nico. Yeah. Tennessee got no, Tennessee got, Tennessee got Calvin Ridley. Who he By? He by, he's by himself, huh? Because I think he is by himself because Reon Brooks ain't, ain't, ain't, ain't ain't working. He ain't working. And then you got the ones in Indy and he got like little s squad with.


But still it is not like the NFC East though. Not. Yeah, because AJ's been to the Pro Bowl. McClarin. Deebo neighbors CD pick been, I think Pickett's been to the Pro Bowl once. Devonte. Yeah. So all these guys Pro Bowl players. Yeah, NF C's got the best receivers. Falcons fans are upset that the first round draft pick, Jalen Walker will wear number 11. Julio Jones is the fastest player in history to 10,000, 11,000, 12,000 and 13,000 yards. He most even averaging a hundred yards a game most season with 250 yards. But the Falcons gave away his number 11 with the quickness and didn't retire.


Should that Falcons have given away a number 11? No. Absolutely. Yes they should. They should not have given it away. Absolutely not. I mean it, He's the best wide receiver in Falcon's history. He is a bad booker and Yeah, and, and You know, they look, I know Dre, Dre and what's the other one? White Roddy White 80 Flow. Yeah. They had, You know, Billy White Shoes Johnson, they had Alfred Jenkins. Nah, Julio Different, different. But You know, You know owners, I don't think that, yeah, they didn't, they didn't leave on the best terms. Right. The owners don't see, see it the same way we see it, You know, and, and understanding what they meant for the franchise.


The way fans see Julio, I mean one of the best, not actually one of, one of the best all time, not only that, but one of the be the best receiver to come outta your organization and they just don't see the value in that. Especially the retired jersey. Yeah. They, I guess they don't seem to think nobody should get their jersey retired till the, well, let's see if they give that number eight away. What, well, what number is Michael Penny Union? Because Matt Ryan was eight, right? Matt Ryan was two. Let's see if they, somebody get that too. You think they gonna get that two away or Joe? Yeah. Yeah, I listen, I mean they, there was, there was also a little, a little not turmoil, just a little incident.


Somebody with the Brown took two from. Yeah, he already had it or he took, what you mean? I mean, so another player, I'm not sure who the player is. I don't, don't, I don't, don't quote me. I don't, I don't, I don't wanna butcher anybody's name, but he chose to, and Shado have to wear 12. I'm saying, I'm saying he new to the Browns or he already been there, Ocho. That's what I'm asking. Yeah, I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Yeah, I, but I definitely think Julio, they, they should not have given that number, that number 11 to anybody that that's Julio Jones. I don't even wanna wear it. I wouldn't even wanna wear it. I wouldn't either. That's how, that's why I be wondering when some of these kids be coming out and they be wanting some of these legends numbers, I'll be like, man, why would you want even do that?


Yeah. Yeah. You see AB Dude Carter Wonder Wear 56 for the Giants. Yeah. 56 and number 11 because Phil Sims wore number 11. It is retired. Yeah, Phil, well Phil Fa Phil Said no, 56 92 Strays number retired I think is Don Meredith numbers retired. Maybe Y Tittle, I dunno. Y Tittle, I think Ja Jazz don't have many numbers but retired. But they got a few, I think Stray. I know Stra, I think Strays Lt Sims.


Damn. Damn. Oh yeah. Oh well. Yeah. But it definitely should have Julio Jones number should be, they shouldn't, nobody should wear that number. He was, he was too good. And I, I, I get it. See, sometimes I think OCHO people allow the last year to ruin 10 or 11 really great years. And although it didn't end on the best terms, he's still Julio, he still, he still did a great job for that organization. He was a model citizen in the community.


And that should, You know. Yeah, I mean for him to be, to be what he was for that organization, the numbers that he put up, I definitely think he was more than deserving to have that number retired. But it happened at age. I remember when I left, I left, I left Denver and went to Bar and went to Baltimore. They gave my number to who? Chris, what's Chris' last name? I forget now. Yeah, you won Super Bowls over there, Dean. Yeah. What was Chris? Damn, I forget the guy's name now in 2000, who wore number 2 84 in 2000.


But when I came back it was in my locker bro. I was like, you actually thought I was gonna come back here and you were gonna be 84 and I was gonna be another number. You thought that man, please. Chris Cole. Yeah, Chris Cole. Where he from? Text that in. I seen, well, You know Playmaker, he like, he like for the wide receivers. The way his numbers though, Michael Irv. Oh yeah. 'cause because he said they talk about hell, but they talk about, yeah, yeah, he, they got they own little club going over there. They don't really tell, I mean like they don't really retire a whole lot of numbers like the Steelers.


I mean it's only a handful of, of people that got that. Like Joe Green, I think se I think Joe Green, 75 Terry Bradshaw 12. Ernie Starner. I think Ernie wore 72, but they ain't a whole lot. Oh Deandre Carter would, But I mean if they, if they, if they were retired, all them Steelers, great man, you ain't gonna have no numbers, ain't have no number like Boston. I mean you Think, you think about how Swan 88, 82, 32, 12 47. I think male blunt might number might be retired blunt. I mean look at like all those Hall of Famers and they had like five or six on defense at one time.


Two receivers, the center running back quarterback. So that's five on offense. Joe Green, male, blunt Jack, ham, Lambert, Donnie, shell five on defense. So you got 10 hall of Famers outta your 22. How you like that Ocho, you coaching the hall of Fame and your owner Boy the red boy was the Red Deal. Yeah. Hold him. And you could make a case. Lc Greenwood should be in the hall of Fame. But I definitely think Julio, they did. Yes.


Officially. It's like Joe Greed, The Volume.


You don't want vacation to end. But with Amex Platinum, you're already planning the next one because you earn five times membership. Rewards points on prepaid hotels and more booked through amex travel.com. So every trip to the beach and the city and the country and back home again leads to another destination. That's the powerful backing of American Express terms apply. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash with amex.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for a's preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American public University value for the whole family, learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


When it's Tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.