
If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus, you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card Apply for Apple. Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners Subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank USA salt Lake City branch member FDIC Terms and more@applecard.com.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liar's Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter Moore at DraftKings Sports book and officials sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em, we want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player To score touchdown. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void and Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources


Off the biggest upset of the day. Vanderbilt 40, Alabama 35 longer bottom feet. Vanderbilt was six zero and 60 all times versus AP top five teams before today. It's the longest such streak in the poll era. The poll era started in 1936. The Commodores hadn't beat Alabama in 40 years on the field in 40 years. 1984, the 23 game Luther Streak, Alabama. This first win against Alabama since 1984. Vanderbilt goalposts traveled three miles and was dumped in the Cumberland River Fire Department.


Dug it out from tearing down it ended up in the river. It only took Vanderbilt's fans a little over an hour. Yeah. To get that goalpost. Three miles to dump it in the cumber Cumberland River. Nick Saban fun at the Commodores two weeks early on the McAfee show saying the only place in the SEC that's not hard to play at is Vanderbilt. It's no disrespect to them, it's just the truth. Vanderbilt had some fun with the quote after the game and plays saban's quote on the loudspeaker. Ocho Alabama goes down 40 to 35. The number one, the number one team in the country after they took down the number two team Georgia Bulldogs who hadn't lost a regular season game in almost three years.


But today, Vanderbilt, I've never seen anything like this. Ocho time of possession, 42 minutes and six seconds to 1754. I've never seen that lopsided right of a time of possession. Now I'm not saying it hadn't, You know, but I'm, I'm trying to understand and figure out where is Alabama's defense? They continue to disappear offensively. They, they, they play well. They play well in spurts and then they, they disappeared for a little bit and allow team to get back in. When they played Georgia, they had a significant lead and the defense allowed them to come back and get in the game. Today when Alabama defense needed to stop, they couldn't get a stop. Huh? I was hoping, I was hope, I was hoping they would get a stop just so they all just, they can get the ball back again and see if Brother Miro could take the boys down and score so they can pull this one off the date.


If you think about the OCHO on what the third player of the game, second play of the game. He throws the pick six. It's a fluky pick ick. The ball cams up in the air that got picks it off. He got strip sack. The guy did a great play. He got him dead to right. Right. It is not good enough to get, just get the sack ocho he strips the ball out of his hand. Great awareness from him. But the thing was Ocho Vanderbilt was 12 of 18 on third down. I don't know if I've ever seen that many third downs. Do you know how hard it is to get the 18 third Down? Most definitely. Let Alone convert 12 of them. They were 12 of 18 on third down, one of one on on fourth down. And when you dominate time of possession, two and a half to one.


Yeah, let that thinking on show two and a half to one time of possession, Alabama couldn't get the ball back. So even though Alabama was scoring Williams made another her circus catch. He was unbelievable. Again. But when you get the ball back, even because it's not like Va Vanderbilt was scoring right every time, but they're taking six, eight minutes off the Clock every time. And so you got, they got the quick score. They's like, okay, you got two timeouts ocho you got two minutes and 38 seconds and they got keep getting beat. They, they ran that, they run the, they ran the flow pass and they run the shovel anytime they got in trouble on Thursday, every time in Alabama comes Down.


I'm not, no. I don't know if, I don't know if adjustments weren't made, but obviously at some point coaches have to see somebody has to say something. Whoever the spotter is up there in the goddamn booth, call down. Listen, they doing the same thing over and over and over. Every time they get in a third down situation, make adjustments and you play ball. Yeah. Yeah, bro, your quarterback opens up. He goes, did you, did you, did you lose sight of the, with number nine, the wide receiver, he runs like a lag. Yeah. And you have the back, it goes like he's going the flat and the quarterback shovels to him. He turns it up. He's picking up first down, he's picking up big major yards and then they run the flow pass the guy to the flat, like, like got zero.


That's the guy, that's your Guy. Eyes in the back field. Why, why, where you going bro? I, in the backfield Eyes in the back field, ocho, Alabama goes down the number one team in the country on the road against the Vanderbilt Commodore. Normally the guys at Vanderbilt, they're probably gonna be more apt to be financial advisors. They're, that'll probably be not a whole lot of guys end up in the NFL, but hey, I got, I got one more question. They Were better than Alabama. Alabama when it comes to the rankings a little better than I do. And even though Alabama lost now, what does that mean for their ranking as far as being number one in the AP poll? Does that change?


Oh, they gone, they they, they're not being number one. Texas probably more up the number one. 'cause they're the number two seat. Yeah. The question is how far will they drop? Right. They did lose to another, but here's the thing, Tennessee, they lost to an unranked team, right? USC, they lost Michigan. Number 10, they lost. Mizzou was number 10. They lost to an unranked. Well, Texas, A and MI think was number 25. So they lost. Right. So the question is, how Far do, do you think Alabama dropped every simply because it's Alabama? Yeah, because it doesn't rank teams that Vanderbilt, they, that committee they be playing around when it comes to certain teams.


Man. But here's the thing. You got 12 teams this year. It's not a death sentence. Probably had they, this is the regular format where you're only taking 14. This probably would've been a death blow. But because you're taking 12 teams, it's not life or death now. You can't have any more slip ups now. You still got Ole Miss, you still got Auburn. You still got, still got LSU on your schedule. So Alabama, Vanderbilt, 26 first Downs, Alabama 17, Alabama was three of seven. On third down Vanderbilt was 12 of 18.


That'll get you beat both quarterbacks threw it well, 18 or 24 for Jalen Mill row over 300 yards, 310 yards passing. Vanderbilt was 12 of 18, 252 yards passing. So, but the difference was Vanderbilt had 54 carries for 186 yards. When you run the ball 54 times, you gonna dominate the time of possession. It's so funny. I think, think today, as far as rank, team rank teams are concerned. Today was the day of upsets. Not only did Alabama, Michigan, USC and Tennessee lose obviously Alabama as well. I mean the UM game is going on right now and Kyle is beating number eight.


Number eight ranked 21, 21 10. Like I, I don't, and it, it can't be 'cause everybody's playing away. I mean, I understand home field advantage, but not by that much. It's different Ocho it's different. You gotta deal with college kids. A lot of times the moments lights get bright. They're not used to being in that environment. And look, Alabama came off. That's an emotional win last week. Ocho you take down the Georgia Bulldogs who hadn't lost in almost three years, a regular season game. You take them down, you going to play Vanderbilt.


Vanderbilt is the doormat. Hey, Vanderbilt is everybody's homecoming. I i no disrespect, right? But people put Vanderbilt on their schedule for homecoming because our alumni's coming back. Right? We want to get the students a excited, we want the alumni to see us kick somebody's ass. That's what, that's what you, that's who you schedule. You schedule Vanderbilt, but they got that Pig six. They gotta, they gotta earn it. And it's like, hold on, wait a minute. That set the tone. They started running the football ocho Like that. It make it make you believe. It make you believe. Hold on, we can play with these fellas. Hold on. We can play with these boys. And that's exactly what happened.


The one thing Alabama prides itself on ocho. Yeah. Being able to stop the run. Nick Saban played the 34. That defense with 34 defense. They had them big hogs up there. The outside linebackers stop the run. The thing that's always giving him problem because he's done a great job of stopping the run, was mobile quarterbacks. You look at who's beating Coach Saban, go back and take a look. Cam Newton, Johnny Manzel, Deshaun Watson, what do all those guys have in common? Legs. Legs. If you have a little mobility, Trevor Lawrence, Cordell Jones, Right?


Thousand are the type of guys, Johnny Football, Johnny Manzel, look at those are the guys that normally give Coach Saban defense trouble because Coach Saban does a great job. I mean, you guys go back, I, the only time I can think of somebody just like, just ran the ball down their throat with, oh, Ohio State. The college football player with Zeke went for like 2 25, 2 40. That was the only time that I can remember off the top of my head. Now, mobile quarterbacks giving him problems because they're elusive in the aim. You drop in coverage and, and you guys run past 'em and they jump out the window and they get a take, take off down the field. But today Vanderbilt just lined up and just ran the football and had great success running the football.


Right? Which you don't normally see against Alabama because Alabama has a lot of guys on the defensive line and linebackers and even corners and safeties. That's gonna play on Sundays. You go to Alabama, you wanna play on Sunday, don't you? So let's, let's, I mean, with A loss, like the game let's sugar, what do you think the problem is? It, it can be coaching. 'cause if you have a team full of four and five star players, a game shouldn't look like that. Especially when you got those halls up there in the trenches. I mean, they could you you couldn't stop the run. Hell, they couldn't stop the pass. So do they have that many Yeah. Many players that are good enough to go to the NFL or will be going to the draft this year. Well that's the thing about college football or Cho, is that it's easy for those guys to lose focus.


You gotta realize now you dealing with 18, 19, 20 year olds. Yes. Yes. What, lemme ask you a question. When you're 18, 19-year-old, did you have the same folks he had in 26? No. Yeah, but I'm talking It's you locked In no matter what. That's my point. That's my point. They're a kid Ocho. That's why I didn't beat the, I didn't beat the kid up from Alabama. He's a kid. He 18, 19, 20 maybe, Huh? How old is Yeah, Tennessee. Yeah, what I'm saying, what did I say? Yeah. Oh, that's why I didn't beat him up the kid. Yeah, I mean, that's a horrible mistake. That's a horrible lapse in judgment.


But yeah. Can you, what if that N NFL player will understand situ awareness especially, especially in that, and that that's gonna come into your goddamn headset. Listen, you gotta give us a chance. That's the first thing that come take through that, through that headset. You gotta give us a chance. No, we can't. There's nothing there. You gotta throw it up. O Joe. We've seen guys run outta the zone. Dad, NFL quarterbacks. We've seen guys make b we we've seen, yeah, we've seen quarterbacks make bonehead plays. Like have a guy throw the ball outta the end like, bro, where you throwing the ball? Why would you throw the ball? But, but, but as an 18, 19-year-old yes. That's the hardest thing is to keep the guys focused because they have the, the attention span of an 18, 19-year-old is not that of a 25, 20 7-year-old.


That's, look and I understand the NIL money, the collective money and they get, get some money now I get that, but the focus is not that of a professional because you understand these still kids. I mean, some kids are mature, right? I'm not saying all of them mocho, but I'm saying it's harder to keep, get young guys to have a singular focus than say NFL guys. But you know, that's, there's no excuse right For him, no excuse for him running outta bounds. They, there's no excuse for that. But, but we saw it last week Ocho that the guys lose a little focus here and it doesn't take much now because the game is, look, the game is like inches not miles.


Oh yeah. You have a lamps in judgment. It's a touchdown. That's it. It's a touchdown. But give Vanderbilt credit. I mean, they got tired of me that two and two one and one in the conference. Yeah. I'm sure they get tired of hearing with the weak link. I mean, y'all just collecting checks. Y'all, everybody, y'all get y'all 45, $50 million that, that the FEC right? Dole out after everything that's happening. Y'all happy with that? Y'all got a big old endowment, but y'all ain't really trying to win no football games. First of all, it's so damn hard to get into there. I mean, I ain't going man, look at, I'm not Finn spend all my time studying. I'm majoring in eligibility, which means I'm trying to stay on the field to get to the next level.


Y'all not finna have me a study hall. 5, 6, 7, 8, 10 hours a a week. Oh hell nah. In the library writing for doing projects. Oh no. So I majored in football. That's my major. Yeah. And it's the process. If I gotta get a degree in, in political science or history, we're on the same page. Okay. But we on the same page. Yeah. Now you know, my brother, he was there to go to summer school, got two degrees. Nah, the only degree I was trying to get was like it was 105. Is that was the only degrees. 105 degrees. No, I, no, I got, I was like, I'm here now.


I might as well. I might as well, you know, go to class and, and get my schoolwork like my greatest said. Get your lesson, son. Get your lesson. You dying there, son. Get your lesson. I well owe you. I was dying there then. But Vanderbilt pulls off one of the biggest set in the last decade at least taking down number one, Alabama, 40 to 35. They dominate time of possession. 42 minutes and eight seconds to 17 minutes and 52 seconds. Give a Alabama give Vanderbilt credit. They won. They deserve to win. They outplayed 'em today. Texas, A and m at home upsets Mizzou 41 to 10. Texas, A and m Cornerback will lead the second, the third, third.


He's nicknamed the blanket. He this and a note to the Missouri wide, wide receiver, Theo, we Theo Weis Jr. Ahead of the game, a warm welcome to College Station. He's like, get used to this blanket. It will be, it will be real tomorrow. Will the blanket, Hey listen, Wow. Sent homeboy. We pulled up wearing the blanket that would have held him to zero catches in the first half. Will blanket lead tweeted after the game? It wasn't me. Lib Mos ran for 138 yards with three touchdown, a career high, 138 yards as Texas, A and m and in Missouri its first loss with a 41 10 victory.


A and m was up 24 0 at the half. And Pat the lead, when Moss went 75 yards or a touchdown on the first player of the third quarter, coach Ditz, he was embarrassed by his team's performance. He was, we weren't competitive. And that's not the football. He said number 10. And And they, they were on the road. Remember nine 10, I, I saw, I saw a little bit of this game. They were on the Nine, OU was ranked number nine. No, they were on the road. Yes, OU was on the road at Texas A m all the teams that lost were on the road today. That's Oh, I like, I like, I like Will Lee.


I like the little message he sent. Even if, even if he didn't do it, I like it because not only did, if he didn't do it, he backed it up. He, he, he backed it up. I mean, Well you gotta back it up if you do it, it Made, it made watching the game exciting because now I'm locked in. I wanna see how Theo, Theo East respond to getting the blanket. Now I wanna see if William Lee blanket the blanket ak the blanket. If he really liked that. So that, that made it exciting for me. But I mean, hell Texas, A and m do the whole goddamn game. It made think maybe Mizzou was ranked. Yep. Well they, it made me think Mizzou wasn't supposed to be ranked the way they look today ain't way in hell Texas, A and M that much better.


Yeah. Number nine, you know Ocho you know it is a situation where you are on the road. Yeah. And the team get out. It, it could easily get outta hand. You saw last week Georgia fall back, but you saw it was 28, nothing in the blink of an eye. And that was the number two team in the country. So you have to be careful when you're on the road. Crowd gets into it, you get, you know, You can fall down. Seven, nothing. You come out, you go three and out. Next thing you know you're down 14 nothing. And all of a sudden you got the crowd into the game. Now it's harder for you to hear. Guys hadn't been in that situation before and before you know it, the game gets outta hand.


The 24 nothing. And that crowd is rocking in the house that Jo Johnny built and dang, it's over. It was over. The score was at the end of the third quarter. The score was 34 7. So Texas, A and M, the number 25 Texas, A and M ies take down the number nine Missouri Tigers 41 to 10 as Texas. A and M is now five and one they're three and oh in the conference Missouri four and one one and one in the conference. Okay. Ocho Aston Genty goes off for 186 yards and three touchdowns on 13 first half carries in Boise State's victory over Utah state.


Genty became only the eighth FBF running back since 1996 to Eclipse one crazy man yards rushing in his first five games. A list that includes Ricky Williams and Leonard Fornet. He already has 1000 yards rushing through five games and he doesn't even have a hundred Carries. For context, Barry needed 130 carries to gain a thousand yards in his record setting season in which he finished with 2,628 yards. Yeah. Yeah. But here's the thing. Ocho Barry had 225 yards and five touchdown in a bowl game that didn't count Yard. Yeah. So he'd have been over 2,800 yards at 40 plus touchdowns.


Yeah. I mean Barry Barry's a different, a different case Barry special. Yeah. But this young man here, after watching him the night on the show tall, how tall is he? For real? He looked like he, remind me of Darren Spro a little like a bigger Darren Spro. He looks short, He looks, he ocho I was about to say, you know, five eight. Five nine. That's what I'm thinking. You think he he's not affordable? Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. He not he. Yeah. Yeah. He compact now put together now Four three guy or no, He look fast better because he break out. He at least four, four ocho. Hey he gonna play on, he gonna play on Sundays. Put up numbers like that. Huh? Oh the guys he playing Against, he gonna play on Sundays, putting up numbers like that.


Huh? Okay. Oh yeah, for sure. Oh yeah. Okay. Right now he done bought it to the lead in the Heisman race. Gent now has a thousand, has 90 carries 1004 yards with 15 touchdowns. You know, you know what, well they try to use the five game. Him not playing against elite competition against, against him because you know, you know the scouts are good. They, they good for doing that. They, they good for doing that. Would you be able to do this at any other, any other school able to do it in the a c or the SCC? I don't give a damn who he playing against.


He could be playing against gal. Your dad, he rush for 2,800 yards. They better get that man that Heisman don't come down who he playing against. Do y'all understand how much 20 OCHO carry? Yeah. This dude is gonna pace the average 10 yards of carry. Listen, 10. He has a, he has a thousand yards. Yeah. And five games on 90 carries. Yeah. I not know, I know how those scouts are. Hell he could have, he could. I I've let him play. I was like look here son. Right. I'm gonna give you two series in the third quarter. I'm gonna try to let him get 300 because I know there're gonna be some games that possibly Ocho, he don't have rush games like this.


Now everybody ain't gonna be bad. Yeah, because Barry was rushing with 300 against, against Oklahoma. Real. He's rushing with 2 85 against Nebraska. Barry Barry was a different animal though. But this kid here, I mean watching him tonight, I said lemme What, lemme see what he, what he, what he really got going on. Do you know when they would play better competition? Yeah. I wanna see him get a better competition. Where? Where it's a good, good Defense. What, what what, what conference are they in? The, the the mountain west? Yeah. The what? The mountain west. They got Hawaii. UNLV. Anybody ranked on their schedule?


U lb is ranked U nv What would it rank like 20 something. Huh? Damn. Yeah, but they just lost though. So Ur knocked now tops the race for the first quarterback drafted. ESPN polled 20 NFL Scouts and Executive who evaluate college players to sue to see where they stood on the top quarterback in 2025. NFL draft the variance of the approved TA telling Shado got nine votes. Carson Beck got five votes. Jalen Miro got four votes.


Cam Ward got one vote vote Quinn Ewers got one vote. Ocho. Do you think Shado absolutely would be the first quarterback selected? Ly Gonna be the first quarterback selected. The unfortunate situation about him being the first quarterback selected is the situation that he's going into that that's it. That, that's all I'm worried about. I don't, I don't want it to be another incident like that a that a Bryce Young and what was going on with him in, in Carolina. I hope wherever Shado does go, they have pieces that are already in place in and around them. And if they don't, I would love to know their long term short term goals and putting the pieces around him to make sure he's able to be a successful quarterback at the next level.


Well Ur has had a productive year. He's led miraculous comeback against Baylor. He's thrown 14 touchdowns with three interceptions. He's number six nationally in passing yards, playing under longtime NFL offensive coach Pat Schirmer, which has led an evolution of more than NFL style offense. See this is what I love by time. Yeah. Let me go get somebody ready son. Next level Ready? Yeah. Yeah. That can play and approach style, that coaches approach style offense. Get him ready to play a pro style game. There are videos of going around to talking. Mark Davis Shado was on a bye week. He was at the ACEs game last night. The ACEs won. Congratulations. My girl, Kelsey Plum. Asia Wilson. Yeah.


Oh man. You see that wraparound pass by Chelsea Gray? How she had that thing and just like, ah, take that with Asia. They played really well. Tiffany Hayes did an unbelievable job. Jackie Young, they won, but he was at the game and Mark Davis was talking with your door at the ACEs game last night, said, who knows you might be home now. It sound good. I like it. I like it. But you know how, you know how owners are they gonna say anything? They gonna say anything to you and say your dream now they gonna say your dream. It might not be the Raiders that had that first pick, but they might because they do need a quarterback. Ain't no telling how high they're jumping the draft to go get him. Ain't no telling Right?


Well he's like, he just say, well just tell me where y'all picking at. Yeah, I'll let you know. 'cause like his dad did, they called his dad into the Giants. He like, I think, I think Time told the story. He is like, the Giants wanted you a interview with time at the combine. Yeah. He's like, hold on, what y'all picking? Like, oh, we picking 13. He said, I ain't gonna be there man. Time. Stupid. Hey, that's a good one. It gotta be, it gotta be walked by. That a good one man. Like I said, man, people don't realize how special time was. I know y'all get y'all, y'all, y'all watching. I mean you see some highlights Of it.


I don't do, I don't do no justice. You him talk. He don't do him no justice, no footage don't. Because you need to see the speed you need to see because I think a lot of times don't yo, because the brass, it, it superseded his talent. If You can imagine that. And he was talented, beyond talented, but boy real Deal. That joke of their man Genty now has the best odds to win the Heisman Genty plus 2 25 Travis Hunter plus three 20 Cam Ward plus 900. Well Jalen Mill, I mean, hold on now. Plus 1000. Wait a minute, wait a minute. Let's, let's wait a minute.


Jaylen Mill Monroe, do things change now that they've lost? They just factor that in. Okay. Okay. Okay. Just update. Okay. They just factor that in. And I'm sure Travis Hunter will, Travis Hunter's case for Heisman will continue to rise, especially when he has a great showing against K State coming up this weekend. Yeah, okay. Yeah. But, but here's the thing though, Ocho, you just said what about the competition Now what happens when Gent rush for 300 yards? What is, what is his stock gonna do? Do the dude had 186 on 13 That Yeah.


Oh, that's and didn't play a snap in the second Half. Why coach do that? Why, why, why not let him obliterate the record? Why we don't want to get Yeah, because they gonna say, well we don't want to get him hurt. You know, because, because Ocho, they had a whoop, they was locked up like 40, 49 to like 10 at the Hal. You get him Nick in the game. Why you Got it until You know what's coming. That makes sense. But shit, cam, well Cam boy gotta pick it up man. His second half now. Gotta pick it up. You gotta do. Yeah, he does. I mean, look, it, it is happened to make your cut, right? I, it happened to me Ocho my senior year in college.


We get like, I remember the first game of the season, I had like five catchers, a buck 50 and two touchdowns. So I'm saying I'm thinking to myself or I'm going for three. Coach told me leave my family locker You. I know you were mad. I said, coach What Ocho I said, coach, coach, I can get three. He said, son. Right, you gonna play on Sundays. Right. If something happened to you, I'll never forgive myself. That's, that's one thing Coach, coach. Hey listen, we ain't trying, we ain't trying to hear that. Ain't trying to Ocho you know, I trying to hear That. Sometimes your coach gotta save you for yourself though. Sometimes your coach gotta save you for yourself.


He does. I did. He did the same thing. I what I have, I had 10 for like 2 0 5 and four touchdowns against Clark. Right. He said, come on son, you done done enough. I said, Cole, let me get five touchdowns. O Joe. I've tried. I I I, I know. Oh man. Oh, I was trying to sneak on the field, man. I was on the field. Hey then it went out there. Go call a pan. OI to snuck on the field. Man, coach. Hey, they done told coach David, man Sharp out there. He done called a tire. OII gonna get that touchdown on your I had a to. Yeah, I had a told po my quarterback. I said po hey throw me this fade. Because he looked at me like, man, what you do there?


I thought they took you out. I said, man, shut up and throw me this fade, man. Then I told Mac, Mac and a told coach Davis, Hey Coach Sharp back out there. It as Running down the sideline. I say, And I the ball Now. That's funny. Damn Man. Man, O you, I, I was trying to give you some stats. I mean, think about Ocho. I had 60 catches. 1300 yards and 18 touchdowns. Just think about what I coulda had. Hey, that was your senior Year. 18 touchdowns on 60 catches And eight.


Yes. I was like, man, oh man, good. Oh See, Well I was trying to give some, oh man. Oh, so I had what, 1, 2, 3, like three of my first five games. I had five, I had two oh yards in a game. I went for like one 50. I went for 2 21, 1 54, 2 0 9. No, 2 0 2, 2 0 4. I was cooking and coach was pulling. I say, oh hell, I thought he was playing for the other team. Hey, I said, you're coaching me or you coaching Neil Some good numbers now.


Them them, them video game. Hey, you was putting up, hey, you putting up video game number? What? Oh, cho. Oh, Cho man, I, hold on. I went, I went, I went like nine. I went like nine, 10. I might have went like 11, 12 might've been like 12 games in a row. I had a hundred yards receiving touchdown. Had touchdown go. Coordinators gotta pay attention. Listen, if they gonna beat us, it ain't gonna be number two. I tell, I tell you that much. But the Now well somebody gonna be wide open.


Yeah, because if you put two on me, I'm gonna jump over the top. Catch. You Ain't, you ain't had no bounce like that. Man. Ain. Come on. Ain. Two ain't gonna do it number. Oh yo. But you gotta stay in. So we drove the, we took the bus everywhere so we get, when we get there, you know. Yeah. We have our pa we have our helmets and shoulder pad and our hands and so we just have our cut our shirt. You know you got that. You know who got off the bus first? Ocho, Ocho. I've been up to that sun, so I'm good. I'm just color right here. Ocho, I'm come ocho up. Arms hanging. What? Hey, you see them? Look, they pointing? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You I got that number two. That's yeah, that's me.


That's me. You gonna get it? You gonna get it, man, I'm the best thing going right now. I'm better than the Cosby Show. Watch me. Hey, I got, I gotta, I gotta find you some this. Oh, I'm cooking show. I'll cook it back. Then You got, you, you got some v you got some Vhs. Oh, valley. Yeah. I, I got, I gotta see this. I gotta see you highlight some stuff. I see. I was going deep on them. Woo. There it is. Hey. Yeah, there it is. That shot for another one. Watch. I gotta see this. I'm cooking them. Tyler, let's talk about Colorado. Colorado yesterday. Beat UCF 48 21, the buffaloes.


Your team with 14 point underdogs improved the four in one 2.0 in the big 12. And Travis Hunter called a touchdown. He intercepted a pass in the same game for the second time in three weeks. And this is the fourth time in his three year college career that he's done that he struck the Heisman poll after he picked off KJ Jefferson with a diving interception in the third quarter time. I said yesterday, and I, I te I text you this that I thought this was your most complete ballgame in your tenure. Was it was you look at the way you guys ran it. It was, you look at the way you guys stopped the run when you needed to stop it after y'all done build up that big lead, they started to get some cheap stuff. You look at the way you protected the quarterback, right? You look at the way you hunted the quarterback, right? Your special teams got two good field goals from your kicker.


This was a complete game when you was looking at the week of practice was you go into the week of practice, you're going into this game. What made you feel so comfortable? Because I heard you after the game to say how, how, how much we were supposed to be to by 10. What made you feel so confident that you guys were ready to play Adversity? You gotta understand, we respond to adversity. We got a bunch of former pros that are coaching, doing a great job of maturing these young men. But it was a storm coming to Florida or Chad, you know, there's a storm coming, so we had to leave on Wednesday to get to Florida to beat the storm. You know what that does? That brings us together closer. We in a hotel for a few days, none. But team, we, the walkthroughs, the practices that we, we went out and practiced, thank God UCF allowed us their indoor facility.


We utilized that. Our guys worked, they butt off, studied a ton of film, met with the coaches watching film walkthroughs. It was just straight football and straight focus. And that was the difference. Us secluding ourselves and getting away from friends, family, and loved ones and just being locked in. Man, that was the difference Time when you guys played North Dakota State. I said after the game, I said, I'm disappointed because, and I said, you never ex accept anything in a win. You wouldn't have a loss. Coach Saban said yesterday. That's right. Winning when playing poorly is a kiss of death. You then said after the game, I, I didn't know that you had said this at the time. You said, guys, we can't be happy with just winning.


We've got to dominate. That's right. We've gotta take the field expected to dominate. It's too many people happy. That's what we expect, that we just won the game. Can you explain to those that's home. Listening and watching what you mean by not being just happy winning, but expecting to dominate As a coach. You know what you have, you know what positions you're a little weary of. You know what positions you're very strong in. You know, who are the dominant players on your team. And when you go out and you perform, and you may lose the defensive battle as well as special teams, but you win offense and you score more points. You can't be happy. You're excited that you won. You're, you're happy that you won, but you're not satisfied with the true victory because you know, it could have went the other way with a bounce of this ball or bad pass or fomo, whatever.


But when you excel on all three levels, and that's what we did ya yesterday, offensively defensive as well as special teams. We excelled at all three levels. So our first time in my tenure for the first time in a long time, even dating back to Jackson, that we were truly dominant at all three levels, man. And I'm proud of the young man. I really am because it was a a, a valiant effort to do so. You know what? I got a question. I'm glad you just said that. One of the things you just said as a coach, understanding your strengths and understanding your, you know, and wanting everybody to come together. But how do you navigate that as a coach when you're playing against an opponent? That's, that's, I'm not, we, I'm not gonna talk, I'm not talking about UCF you know, in in, in, in this in this instance. But when you go into games and understanding your strengths and your weaknesses of your players, how do you hide and navigate the weak parts of what you may have going on and hide 'em in game to where You can still be efficient in all three stages?


Well, You, you focus, I mean we, we had been great versus the run. UCF was a running team. You know, we going to make this game playing heavy defensively versus the run. What does that mean? We gotta get on these DBS all week long because play pass, they're gonna be one on one quite a bit, man to man. And guess what? It's gonna be at least two to three balls that you gonna have to break up. You gonna have to be there. Travis, I need you to be Travis. You know, I need you to be you. I need you to do that. I just need you to make a play. You, I don't need you to win, but I need you to break even. All right? I don't need you to win. I need you to break even you two right here. I need you to be dominant. You really be truthful and honest about what you have and their abilities and you give them an attainable goal that they could secure.


And that's what they did. They went out there and Did that. I look at both of your offense and defensive line because you know that's the meat and potatoes of any team. Yeah, You can have all the fancy bells and whistles, but you need those pickup trucks and dump trucks and that's what you did yesterday. Your offensive line. They opened up the holes, gave running lanes and they did a great job of pro protecting shado. I think he's only sacked twice. Defensive line. They did a great job of stopping the run they got after quarterback. I think you guys sacked like six or seven times going into that game. Right? And you know, I know SAP is on your staff and he's preaching defense. He want those guys to hunt. Guys, we gotta hunt. I know he's telling they gotta hunt. Right? Did you feel comfortable? Did you know like damn UCF they wanna run the football.


We've kind of been a little, little lax at stopping the run, but I feel comfortable going into the game today that we can, we can do what we supposed To. Yeah, we did, we did. Coach Rob Levison is doing a great job as well as Pat Sherman. Our, both my coordinators. They're doing a wonderful job of game planning and getting us prepared and not just add what I certainly, they cannot beat us at this. We cannot surrender that. We cannot do this. Those are my additive that I make sure that we can't do. Especially navigating through the game and understanding what's at hand during the game in situational football. Like a situation like going down before the half, you know, we, we were getting ready to take a shot.


It said, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Let's get it Ma Tim o Ys might got this. Tim O Ys mighta got this. Lets, let's dial up something Tim, more yards. Gimme that. Let's get out balance. We got eight seconds. We need to do this within five to four seconds. We need three seconds on the clock. We good. We got a time out left. I'm gonna use that. Boom man, pat called a perfect play. We get out bounds, hit the back on the shallow, go cross the field, he gets out bounds, Mata hits it Now, now we go ahead with momentum because they're about to get the ball to start the second half because we got the ball opening up. So it's a lot of situational things that go in that coincide with what you're trying to do and what you're trying to accomplish as well. But the coordinators came up with wonderful game plans and we ran the ball effectively. Anytime you just run the ball effectively and take some heat off too back there, it's gonna be a problem because now it gets like 7 0 7 And when you give him that opportunity check, you've seen him, when you give him that opportunity to sit back there and settle his feet, it's gonna be a problem.


But He makes him throw yesterday time on the move. I watched him throw that ball to, to Trav. He's rolling to his left and he has to throw it over because he has a guy in between him and Trav. So he has to put enough, yeah, he has to put enough heat on it, but he has to put enough touch to get it up and down. Yeah. Yeah. The guy in front of him and he has the the safety closing in on him. When you watch him, I, I look he grew up in your house, you know what you got. But at any point in time do you get impressed by seeing what he's doing? No, because I, my expectations are out, out outta the room and I get mad. You know, I, I get mad at times. Hey, hey dog, what's wrong with you man? You, you know, like it, that happens and we have these intense conversations, but sometimes I have to dial back because I'm looking at it from this point of view and I'm hearing the call goes in.


I don't know if this happens or that happens and we don't know. Right? Right. But he knows, you know, he could, he could redial it and say this is what was supposed to happen, but this didn't happen. This is why this happened. Like he, these quarterbacks can recant everything and he could tell you everything that he saw. 'cause that's the first thing I asked. What did you see? What did you see? And he and Pat are wonderful together. I mean you gotta hear the chemistry going in and see now it's a luxury because you got a quarterback that can see the field and then the coach gets to talk to him until 15 seconds is left on the play clock. So that's almost like stealing man, because now he's telling them, okay, they may come weak side. Oh look at the front side and this, this, and door's already there.


He's already right there. And sometimes, you know, he'll check off something. We'll like, oh my God, he should have stuck with the play. Oh, oh, good job, good job. It's almost like that sometimes because he could see the game. He could see the game tremendously. Well Yeah. Speak speaking of, speaking of seeing the game, uncle and I were arguing last night, we were talking obviously watching, watching Travis Hunter. Yeah. And, and what he's doing and, and how special he is. I'm about special there. There haven't been many players. There haven't been very many. Two-way collegiate players that can do what he's doing at such an early age and be efficient on both sides of the ball. Like he did at that level. At that level. And I talked with UNC yesterday. I'm sitting here arguing with him. I'm telling you Unc, I say unc, I, I believe Travis is a better receiver as opposed to db.


Now we have Yeah. You here. So I just want You to like a pro scout. You're gonna have to find that on your own. I know the answer. I know the answer. I don't have to find because I've been watching, I've been watching myself. No, what you saying? See this is what you the answer too. You've seen him with more opportunities at receiver. That's why you feel that way. If you see him on a day-to-day basis, pat them feet and get down there and get that. I mean, and I know him like a book right before that play. If, if somebody dialed it back before the play he made, I say, look man, focus, focus, focus because they're getting ready to come at you. I need you to focus and stay low and do what you do. Yeah. That's what I said to him on the sideline because I know him and I know the floor of the game and I know when coordinators think he's tired of there, they may try to take a shot to try to catch him sleeping or slipping and he ain't, he ain't getting ready do that.


They just, just who he is. But I know the answer to that for sure. This is my problem. Every week we got a ton of scouts coming to practice and they ask me that question, what do y'all think he's, I said, I'll tell you what, if you put him on defense and don't let him play offense in the pros, you gonna look crazy because you're not moving the ball down the field and your best receivers over down the defense side of the ball. And then the fans gonna right, the fans gonna start booing. Thank you. And they gonna start saying what Travis, thank you. Now if you, if if you put it vice versa, okay, now he's on offense and he's lighting it up, then your cornerback is getting killed. But you got him over there sitting on the bench and your best corner is sitting over there waiting for the offense to get attorney. You get murdered out there, you gonna look like a fool as a head coach. So you got to allow him to be who he is.


I'm thankful that God blessed me with him. And God gave me a career where I could see the game from both sides. And I could understand that no, this is another, an anomaly. This is who this kid is. I gotta let him be him. Right? Imagine if I was selfish and just was traditional and just played him on one side of the ball, we wouldn't see half of the plays that we've been blessed with to see as a collegiate football player. I wouldn't have robbed him him of that, that, that, that greatness that he has that he's displayed for us. Thank God that, that he, he came, he chose us and he gave us the tremendous gift. Lemme ask you this time, a lot of people are asking, obviously you want your son to go to a great situation.


That's first and foremost. Yeah. You want him to go high. You think you Want go to a great knowing how you think? Yes. High. You want him to go high, but sometimes going high means going into a bad situation. Yeah. What about because everybody's like, well will Coach Prime pull a Eli? Yeah. Have you thought that far? You just go, Hey son, just do what you're supposed to do. Everything going to take care of itself. Yeah. And we gonna cross after the season, we'll sit down and discuss Eli, the next step is A LaVar Ball. A LeBron. I'm gonna pull a Cesar Cesar. What, what the boxes I'm pulling all up. Yeah.


All of them. No, honestly, we, we've talked about it extensively. I talked to a multitude of teams 'cause they had practice every day. But I want what's best for him. But I want him to be happy as well. So, right. You know, you really don't get to dictate where your, where your son gets to go because there's a draft process. But you know us, you know how we are. We know who ain't trying to win in the NFL. It, you know, you know that, you know who's consistently, you know, in the basement year after year after year. You don't want that situation for your kids or your family members. Nobody. No, no. None of 'em. So we we know a time it is. But you gotta understand Shado is, is is he's suited for adversity all our life.


We've been on adversity all our life. We've been hated and mistreated and talked about and lied on and, and just naysay all our life. He ain't never had the red carpet rolled out to him. I'm not that kind of father. You know, I would know. He ain't no silver spoon. He had a wood spoon that kind we used to put on the wall. Yeah. He had one of them that Spark had a spoon. Yeah. Yeah. He said in the interview last week, he said, my dad didn't gimme no trust fund. Yeah. We, we don't work like that. He had to earn everything he has. So he suited to go to a team that's been up on adversity because that's what he's done all his life. He's been in adverse situations. Right.


I heard Mel Kuper say that cover two, they need to do away with the cover two because this is why quarterbacks are struggling. This is why teams are struggling so early in the season. Man, what's your take on that time? Chad can tell you don't they have two beaters don't you? Yeah. Yes. Okay. Why don't you just call a two beater? Why? Why you two? Oh You can, You can get them out. That too You can run them out. That as well. Two Beaters run outta Two. First of all, they had a two on you and you playing tight end. You gonna tear that seam up that line back. Gonna keep that seam. If he, if he running what you hell we're gonna put it back shoulder then whatcha gonna do. You gonna go to work And matter of fact, and if they, if they in that too, hell, all you gotta do, if you got some dogs over there, nigga condense em goddamn Smiths, we corner rock they ass of death or we go two yards outside the number and we got there and run that.


Dig, dig day as that. Lemme Tell you cover two. Cover two. First of all, Chad loved cover two. You know why? Because he to the corner up and now he one-on-one with a safety that's not used to playing in space. So that was a murder. Honestly, I I've always told coordinators and the pros guys, if you gonna play cover two, just put the safeties up front, put the corners in the back because you want the, you want the corner you which are not a safeties to come up and make the tackles. Then you want those guys to defend the past. But now you dealing with a guy back there in the hash that ain't used to space it. Jack can't wait to get off that gym and see that joke and face him up. Man, please. Yeah, that's right. Please. Yeah. Our cover two beat I used to tell td TD run him outta cover too.


That's right. That's your job. Run him outta cover two make him drop. You not finna stop us with this light box. You gonna have drop that though. Play action. Gonna kill it too because when you gotta running game, he, he has to, you know he has to take that fake. He has to, he has to stay still. So he won't let you get up to, he gonna let you get up to see him. He ain't got no choice. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy says Hi Coach. Prime, what's the biggest lesson you learned as a coach that you wish you known during your playing days and how do you apply that lesson to your coaching today? Woo. These kids are different. These kids are different these days. It's totally different. You can't expect what you would give on ever expect you would give.


Hold on, hold on, hold on. Stay right there now stay right there. Yeah, stay right there. I gotta, I gotta write that down. What you would give You can't expect use this my next argument Fool. Yeah, That's tough. That's why I couldn't be no coach. See, Ty got, Pty got, he got to, he has patience and that's the one, that's the number one thing you have to have in surplus because like you said, look, time, you know, we go out there, we practice all week. We go over Saturday morning, we talk about the first 15.


We have Saturday night meetings. We go the first 15, jump outside the first and I'd be dang if we don't get out there and the first somebody jump off sides, somebody fall start somebody blowing us and They, my bad, I'm Like, we been This, we've been going Over these here for three Days. We know How you mess it up. Right, right. And you, you can't be critical like we used to be. Oh you Want me take blame on handle when you jumped outside? No, I'm good. It's a whole different, oh it's a whole different game out there man. Gotta be careful how you talk. Yeah, but I can make you feel like I do, But you don. But here's the thing though, time you don't curse. Anyway.


I can make feel like I do my kids. Anthony Blaylock. Can you ask Coach Prime, how is he preparing for life after Shado? I know my son like a book, so I know all his ways and the things that makes him who he is. And when you're recruiting, you look for those attributes. Like you can't find another Travis Hunter. But You can get close, You can find those attributes that he have. He may not be a two-way player. You may have to get two guys to be that one guy, right? But try to find those attributes that he has that's already in it.


So life after, yeah, life after, you know, door Shiloh or Bucky going be with me, he's not gonna leave me. But trust me, I, I don't look forward to that, but it's coming. D Talent says DJ Florida State Quarterback says how FSU is falling from undefeated season to his abyss season. Say he still loves football. Ocho, I mean OCHO and, and, and time when you see a guy, he left Clemson, he left Oregon State, he left, he's at Florida State. Now, is that a red flag to you when a guy has this is his third university and say, what, three years?


Is that a red flag to you, coach? Yeah. Hmm.


I think, I think some of 'em keep running. They keep running from competition. They don't wanna compete. How you go from Oregon to Clemson, the FSU. So me, based on what you look like this year now makes, it makes me believe you running away from competing. Right? Is he, is he winning the job based on, on attributes Winning the job and holding on the job? Two different things.


True. Hey, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Oh, that's a good one right there. Put the wrong thing in water. Hey, you know the, because boiling water could have two different effects. Ocho, it'll soften the potato, but it'll harden the egg. Ocho, I'm done. I ain't giving you no more. Ocho, I'm done. I'm done. Ocho, let's go keep, Hey, hey. Gimme that, gimme that, gimme that boiled water line one more time.


What it d Hey, it'll soften the potato or harden the egg. Boiling water. It's boiling water. Two different effect. Harden one, soften the other Ocho your janky ass almost jinxed. Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa. Can someone tell we can start Nightcap early because Alabama got missed? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, listen, that's, that's what I thought it was. Listen, the game was lopsided. The whole, the whole first half. I had no idea that they were gonna mismanage the clock and allow Georgia to get back into the game. This is, this is the rule, rule of thumb for coaches. Don't take your foot off the gas. You're allowed them to get back in the game. The game shouldn't even been that close.


Continue to run the same offense you running. There was no do that. It's hard. No joke. There was no need. There was no need to come off the gas. Huh? It's a lot easier said than done. We watched this in a Super Bowl. Yeah, a team be up 28 to three and still try to be aggressive and it bit him in the butt. You put Matt Ryan in the shotgun, the guy misses the block. You call him up, You hear what you said. Keyword. You saw a team still try to be aggressive. Alabama team try to be aggressive. They were very vanilla the second half, But they didn't be aggressive. They won. The other team was aggressive and lost. Now, which would you rather be? The thing is, the way I look at it and what I try to explain to people, Ocho is like, look, when you have the momentum, how much separation can you put between you and the team that you have the momentum?


Because eventually they're going to get it. They're gonna get the momentum. And when they do, how much distance have you separated yourself enough now, Alabama. Because what happened? They got conservative. Your defense, they couldn't get off the field on fourth down Ojo, Georgia was one for 13 on third down, but they were five for five on fourth down. Your defense can't get off the field. Your offense can't stay on the field. So Georgia's keeping you on the field, 10, 12 plays, Alabama's going three and out. So you're bringing that tire defense right back on the field. What do you think is gonna happen? And so the next thing you know, now you are out a rhythm.


The other team is in rhythm and now you're holding on for dear life. So I get it. It's a lot. I'm telling you, having been in both situations, Ocho, I believe it's easier to play from behind than it's with a lead. Because You can throw caution to the win. Oh, Joe, we already down 27, so what the hell? I gotta lose. Let let it rip it. Rip let it rip. You know what's funny? Why couldn't Georgia play the way they did in the second half when you throwing caution to the win and start off the game like that? Start off the game like that. Becau, but I, I think, listen, if if you, if you were to write this story again or write how you would want this game to go, there was no better ending than the one they had tonight.


Listen, this, this, this To back big, This has to be the best collegiate game of the year. And I'm not sure there's another, another game that will top it this year based on what we saw tonight. What we saw tonight was unbelievable. Yeah, you got, I left. I stopped watching the game and went and had a cigar break. I went and took a cigar break. Mm. I come back in and Georgia got a lead. I'm like, wait a minute, but what happened? I gotta rewind my TV back and then, and then, and let it run forward to catch back up Alabama DBS and any defensive back, bro, stop celebrating when you break. If You can make a pick, make the, pick it like they, that's the difference between the, the, the good corners and the great corners.


Ed Reed was a safety, but he came down with the ball Prime came down with the ball. Rod Woodson, Charles Woodson. It's not good enough. I'm doing my No, no, no, no. I'm trying to take these possessions, the defensive possessions and turn 'em into points. So that's the Alabama, you know, oh, you strapping them down. But you do realize they got two more, they got two more downs to try to get a first down or maybe a touchdown. So while you are celebrating and you should a you happy, but bro, if You can get your hands on the ball, bro, you gotta come down with it. Like the DBD in the last play, the last player of the game. That was a big time play. A freshman at that. A freshman at that. Yeah. And I, I like, I like that he played to a strength too. I'm not, I I'm wondering if it was the defensive coordinator's choice to have him play off on that so we can get his head so we can get his head eyes around, Get his head Around and on the ball as opposed to being impressed and be playing from trail and then having to turn around and look and losing the ball.


That's one of the reasons why he got that pick. But another thing I wanna say about, about DBS is 95% of DBS play not to get beat. And there's a small percentage about 5% of them that play to make a play. And that for that, that small percentage, that 5% of those that always turn out to be great, always turn out to be great. That's the biggest difference between a college DB and the NFL DB is the ability to track the Football. Oh yeah. Ball skill. The really good ball skill, you know, after a certain, Hey, if you notice, watch, watch the really great DN NFL dbs watch how soon they're like jam turn, They'll start head back right away.


The ball's gotta be coming up. You too far down the field for the ball not to be coming. And so that's, that's one of the, the difference and the skillset. It is a skill. I can't teach you that you are born with that. That is innate. Ed reads ability to find the football prime ability to find the football. Rod Wilson, Charles Wilson, any of these great corners Trayvon Des. Yeah. Oh hey, that is God, Gi hey Trayvon is the goddamn ball ho, right? Yeah, yeah. God ball, That's, that's god gi I can't teach you that. That's Interesting, huh? Just that's instant. It's, that's instinct. And people don't understand that. And I've made the comparison today. If you watch Travis Hunter, his ball skills are comparable to a Ed re because you think about it, he's made like two or three of those interceptions.


He's like, he's playing off and he watches the corner and he's diving and laying out. You watch him undercut that ball at Colorado, at Colorado State. Yeah. That's, Everybody can't Do that. To be able to come off, be able to come off that and know it's coming. Pure instinct. Yes. That's you, you know who he remind me of Another player that has pure instinct, pure instinct and superior ball skills that doesn't get the credit they deserve. That guy, Emma, Samuel Guy, Samuel, another one who doesn't get the credit. We know he's in the hall of Fame. We understand how great he is. We understand what he did that 2009 season and locking up all the all time greats. But his ball skills, his ball skill, his technique, his patience, what he ride you.


And once you get past 10 yards, man, that head come around so goddamn fast, you'd be able to locate that ball. And that's what half his interceptions came from. Yeah, but see the thing is with him, like those other guys, You can tell they were offensive guys because when they, they got, hey, they ain't trying to knock it down. Ed Re was trying to take it, trying to take it and go To the high every time. Prime Woody, if you look at those guys, that's why you see them guys, 7, 8, 9, 10 return to returns for touchdown because they're trying to take defense and automatically turn it into offense. And that is a, that is a God gift. I can't teach you that, son. I can't teach you how to find the ball.


I just can't, I can't teach you to like, no. Okay, here's the, this is a two by one. They're gonna try to overlap this. I gotta play two by one. Yes. I got the, the inside. I gotta make sure the inside because I got the outside guy. I got two by one because I gotta worry about the scene also Ocho, but I got the go route. Yeah, yeah. I know what y'all trying to do. I I got this two by one. I'm gonna overlap you. I'm gonna make you think I ain't got this scene, but I'm gonna pick it when you throw it. Oh yeah. So it is, it is, it is. It is an unbelievable game tonight, Alabama, Jalen Mill Monroe was sensational again, 27 to 33, 3 74, 2 touchdowns. He had an interception. The tight end has to understand on the pick, on the pick, he needs to widen because Jalen Mill Monroe can see what he can't, if he'd have led him, he wouldn't have finished the rest of the game because that linebacker would, would, would, would've, would've decapitated the mocho.


And so that's what you have to do. You have to widen the guy wide him. So Jalen ro can fit it in that. See, that's why he put it on his back shoulder because if he landed, Oh, you'd been out, you. Oh, for sure, For sure. Listen, there's very smart on mirrors part to know that just slowing. Yeah. Sometimes listen, a quarterback can save you every time a quarterback that he's doing just save you every time. That that's, that's the thing, the ones that can save you, because anytime you get a collision, it's the quarterback's fault because he can see what you can't, I'm trusting you that you're not gonna lead me to harm. I'm trusting you. I'm gonna do everything I can. Either I'm gonna catch it or I'm gonna break it up.


All I ask you is not have the ambulance come on the field to get me. So, so you are absolutely right. But the tight end, he needs to understand. But he's young. You talk about something that I I over years ocho to know, to widen. And sometimes you gotta get, you gotta, you know, you gotta get hit in your head to understand that, that it hurts. Widen the guy. Give Jalen Melrose some room to protect you from the inside guy. But he went in there hard. Jalen Melrose tried to back shoulder, he popped it up and in the process he was about to catch it. But the GB hit it. And now, hey, that safety for Georgia 17, he can play, I think it's 16 or 17. The, the, the the white.


Which, which one was it? Because he got a pick he could play. Yeah. Nine. No, he could play. He gonna play on Sunday. Oh yeah. Oh definitely. Listen, Yeah, he got that capabil ability and you don't see, you don't see a whole lot of Yeah. And he got Anything about it. When you talk about going to the next level, this is the closer you gonna get to an NFL game because all the talent that are that, that are on the team, if You can stand out on film in a game like this, when in Georgia, when in Georgia, Alabama where it's a bunch of 5, 4, 4 star, five star players and you stand out on film like the safety, you just called out. Boy, you so special. Yeah, that bull. Listen, that young bull, that receiver that's only 17 years old that Ryan Williams. Ryan Ryan Williams. Listen man, Ryan Williams, I know you gonna see this.


Listen, I know you ain't old enough to Frank, he's special. I know you ain't old enough to party, but when you see this boy, I need you to send me a dm. I need a Jersey sign. I need a jersey sign. If I don't, don't get a jersey signed in less than 24 hours. If you don't send me a DM in less than 24 hours, you ain't getting none of that NIL money. Matter of fact, hold on. I know, I know. We talking about Alabama, Georgia, right? I got a mess. I got a message for two more players. Hold on. So they know. I mean business, hold on because they think I be, hold On, go. Yeah, but there was a big time game. There's a lot of big time talent on the field. There's a this, this game was littered with four and five star recruits. You look at the offense and defensive line, you look at the skill position, you look at the linebackers.


This is a, I mean there's a reason why Georgia and Alabama NA nationally year in and year out in the top five in recruiting. Because when you play the brand of football and they see all those guys going to the NFL from the University of Georgia, from the University of Alabama, same thing with Ohio State and some of those Big 10 team, Hey, hey, I wanna be like that. Hey, I wanna be like Amari Cooper, I wanna be like Jerry Judy and all these other guys that went from Alabama. Who was it? Calvin Ridley. And so I look at Georgia and you see all those defensive players, Kobe Dean, they had Walker and they had Jalen, the big D tackle.


They got two of 'em. Jordan Davis, what's his name? Oh man. No, I know Nicole Dean. But the j Jalen number nine eight for the Philadelphia Eagle. They got two of 'em. Jordan Davis and the what's Jaylen's last name? Carter. Jalen Carter. Jalen Carter. So when you see that pipeline is easy for, because the recruits recruit because the players recruits because you don't have to do a whole not, Hey, y'all saw my resume, y'all see we got 60 guys in the NFL. We got 58 guys in the NFL. Hey, you see how much money you signed for, You see how much this got signed for? You see how much this guy signed for?


Yeah, absolutely. So it's a lot easier to recruit when you have those guys doing, doing that. Yeah, go ahead. What? What you got? So just letting the boys know I'm not even playing. I got three people, three people. Everybody in the chat make sure they get this message. I know they're gonna see this video. Ryan Williams, Jeremiah Smith and Travis Hunter. I won a jersey. I won a Jersey sign. And less than you got 24 hours to send me a dm. Get me a jersey down to Miami. If I don't have my Jersey before Monday before eight o'clock Monday, ain't nobody getting no NIL money.


And you know what that mean? You see, you listen, I didn't got this on for nothing. Ain't none of y'all getting no NIL money no more the rest of the season. Ryan Williams, Jeremiah Smith and Travis Hunt. I want my Jersey FedEx Monday morning, you know how to get my address as your coaches. That's it. And I ain't even playing The. Volume.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen to podcasts. I.