
This is Jeff T from The Club five 20 podcast. This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones, you go to eBay score all your Once in a Blue moons and check off your wishlist for heart of fines. So when those fresh sneakers deserve a hoodie, just as real, go for authentic street wear. The experts verify accessories to match like timeless watches, vintage designer bags, and more jewelry than you could wear at once. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love, vintage and rare fashion eBay things people love. You know that feeling when you walk into your home. Take a deep breath, ah, and feel new. Well, that's what it's like to use Clorox Tiva because Clorox Tiva smells like coconut, cleans like Clorox, and feels like energy.


It'll elevate any cleaning routine to not just clean, but also make every room smell like a tropical coconut getaway. Discover how Clorox tivas powerful, clean, and refreshing scents can transform your space. Get yours in coconut or other fabulous scents at a nearby retail store. Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year, the Champion League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups, and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream.


Every UA for Champion League match live exclusively on Paramount Plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports. And sign up to date Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal Plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can prevent all coalitions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


This Is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko Superchargers headlights and more. With over 122 million parts. eBay motors has everything you need to maintain your vehicle and level it up to peak performance. And with eBay guaranteed fit. your part is guaranteed to fit your ride every time or your money back. Stay on your A game with all the parts you need at the prices you want. It's easy to bring home, huge wins. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply.


The Volume, TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score a touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new drafting. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on the amount of initial losing bet bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hey man, you looking at my man? Look at this man. Look at this Ed rush for 1800 yards of the rookie ocho. Yeah, as a matter of fact, that was like the fourth, like the fourth or fifth most yards ever. I don't think we ever gonna see a rookie rush for more than that OCHO because they don't run the ball like that no more. No, They don't think enough. They don't run it enough. They don't run the ball because you know how many carry, first of all, even if you get six yards of carry, right, you would have to carry the ball at least 300 times. Yeah. If you average four, if you average five yards of carry, now you gonna be looking at 300 and fiftys right?


Now you starting to get to that point of no return, right? Because you start getting to that 3 70, 3 83 9400. That's the point of no return. Only Eric Dickerson had been able to go to that number. Right? And return safely, right? You go back and look at the guys that got three 90. Look at James Wilder, look at Terrell Davis. Look at the dirt, Mr. Jamal Anderson, look at Eddie George. Look at the guys to get those. Go back and study those once they hit that number and see what their career happened after that. So that's why, why I don't think we're gonna see it again. And Ed did it. He did it in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in 83, which was a rookie year because he came in that great draft class with Marino and Elway and Kelly Rick Dent was in that.


Bruce Matthews was in that draft class. Darryl Green was in that draft class. They had like seven Hall of Famers. And back then, I don't think there were only 28 teams. So a core damn near, you know, was a, was crazy, but so who, your hall of Fame Who? Your hall of Fame number two. My hall of famer number two. I mean the Hall of Famer. I mean your honorable mention. You want another one? Yep. Rookie year. Let's go. Let's go. Mike. Mike, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go. You know, even though, even though they, they getting on my boy for doing too much talking. I'm gonna go Michael Parsons. Michael Parsons, rookie.


A 13 sacks. 84 tackles 64 solo tackles. 20 tackles for loss. Yeah. Loss. You know what, can I take Kurt one off? Nah, nah, nah, nah. No. You you got Kurt Warner there. So I'm, I'm, that's how I know I'm gonna win this. Nah, you, it's over for you. I mean, it ain't even close. Shit. If I don't, if I don't win this 90 to 10, I don't know what's going on. Trust me, you're not 66 to 34 Ocho Who win it. Me. It was about time. We done lost the last five rough drafts we done played. I mean, think about it. I've got a d was rookie of the year.


Randy was rookie of the year. CJ was rookie of the year. LT was rookie of the year. Reggie White was rookie of the year. I got, I let you have this, I Got defensive player of the year, man. I got like, LT was a rookie of the year, right? I got 1, 2, 3, 4, I got five. Rookie of the years. Right? I mean, listen, I, I, I let you have this one. I I I felt bad for you all this time. I've won the past 1, 2, 3, the past four rough drafts. So, I mean, it's about time You got you one. Alright, Ocho. Yeah. Now is time for your favorites and the fans' favorite.


Yeah. Spell Cinco. Let me get, hold on. Let me give me, let me get me a towel. Let me give a towel so I can wipe my face so I can be focused. Let's Go. You ready? I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm Ready. Okay. Ocho the first word is very simple. Yeah. Oooooo. N-I-N-I-N-C-O-M-P-O-U. Pum poop. No.


N-I-I-N-C-O-M-P-O-O-P. Oo. Oh man, God. Damnit. That's the word I always use on Twitter. And I ain't even spell it right. And I've been using it on Twitter the past two. Come on man. We can't do this, man. Don't embarrass me today. God damnit. Okay? Yeah. Don't, don't embarrass us Ocho fuck. The next word is Skullduggery. Skullduggery. Skullduggery. Yes. SKU double L-D-U-G-E-R-Y. Skullduggery No. K-S-K-U-L-L-D-U-G-G-E-R-Y. Skull. Skull. That's, That's what I just said.


Or I left a G out. You did? Oh man. How about this here, Ocho nu skull. Nu skull. Oh, listen, if I get this wrong, I'm finna jump off the balcony. Nu skull. N-U-M-B-S-K-U double L. Ding, ding, ding, Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding. About, about goddamn time, man. It's ridiculous, man. It's, yeah, listen, people gonna start to think, people gonna start to think I'm dumb. They gonna start, they gonna start to think I'm dumb until you have a conversation with me in person, you know? And And, we talk and you get a better understanding and be like, okay, no, you're a real bright. You're, you're a bright young kid, but why the fuck you can't spell?


Oh, that's what they gonna think. Yeah. Yeah. I'm on the roll now. I'm on the roll now. Okay. This is one of my favorite words. Ocho Cinco is full of malarkey. The word is malarkey. Malarkey. Yes. What the hell is that? Ocho is ocho is full of malarkey. Please use malarkey in a sentence. I mean, I've, I've never heard it. I just viewed it in a sentence. Ocho is full of malarkey, Like full of shit. Yeah. Hey, I ain't never heard of this.


So I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna wing it now. I'm gonna wing it now. I could be wrong. MMA malarkey. It is probably, probably double L malarkey. Okay. MALL malar. R malar. O-R-K-E-Y. No, M-A-L-A-R-K-E-Y malarkey. Ocho is full of malarkey. Wait a minute, how'd you spell that? MAR or M-A-M-A-L-A-R-K-E-Y. Malarkey. You Know what's funny? I'm not even trying to be funny. I've never ever heard that word used in this sentence.


I've never heard that word in general outside of the day. So therefore, me not knowing how to spell it, I mean, listen, I tried to sound it out. I tried to sound it out and it, it didn't work out and that's okay. Okay. Ocho, once upon a time I went into a bar and I was involved in a bruhaha Ha and a who? Ahaha.


Come on man. How you gonna ask me to spell a word that has to do with consuming alcohol when you walk into a bar? And I don't even drink alcohol. So how am I know how to spell a word that I know nothing about? Actually it was, it's a fight. Why didn't just say fight, spell fight? No, you said you want me to use it in sentence. I went into a bar and I got involved in a bruhaha. And that's how, that's what it's called. A bruhaha. Yeah. You being funny or you dead ass? Yeah. Bruhaha. I never heard of that.


B Listen, I'm gonna say it. I'm, I must spell it how it sound out. I'm how it sound. B-R-E-W-H-A-H-A. That's what it sound like to me. B-R-O-U-H-A-H-A Bruhaha. See somebody trying to be cute with the motherfucking English language. They trying to bru ain't BROW That makes no sense. Yes it is. Chris Broussard bru. BROU. Oh, you said, okay. You right. Oh, you got me, you got me, you got me, you got me, you got me, you got me, you got me. You got, Hey, hey. Chat. Please don't, don't use this. And, and, and it's, it's, it's, it's a bad day for me.


I just got off a long flight from, from Vegas, six hours. I'm a little, a little, a little slow right now. Okay, the last word, Ocho balder dash. Balder dash Balder dash. Yes. Can you use it in a sentence please? Balder dash man. This balder dash is something that does not make sense. It's nonsense. I mean, balder like bald, like bald Balder dash. I mean, Some of the things that OCHO says is balder dash.


Okay, listen, if I get this wrong, we need to just eliminate fellow Cinco. B-A-L-B-A-L-D-E-R. And it gotta be dash, it gotta be D-A-S-D-A-S-H. It gotta be, if I don't get this right, just, just quick, just scrap the whole thing. That's it. Balderdash. B-A-B-A-L-D-R-D-A-S-H. Stop playing with me. Whatcha talking about, man, this what I do. Whatcha you talking about? Stop playing with me. What you talk about, man? Bald Dash. I don't even know what bald dash means, but I knew how to spell it because I sounded it out. Let's go. Boy. That's what I'm talking about. I thought you sounded all the words, but clearly that wasn't the case. Well, honestly, you know, it it, it is, it is diff it is different when it comes to, oh shoot, I hit my computer.


Hold on. Okay, there we go. There we go. There we go. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Lost it. You, you, you ready? I'm ready now. It's time for your favorite segment. Dunk on Unc. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Question number one, Dunk on Unc, which Washington player holds a franchise record for the most rushing TVDs in a single season. Wow. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


He's from Miami too. He from Miami? No, no. I'm just throwing it out there. Nevermind. No, don't mind me. He from Miami. I don't know where he from. Most Russian touchdowns. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Russian ones. Russian ones. Like when you run, I know, I'm gonna say John Riggins. I don't know. Ah, ah, that, that was a good one. That was a good guess. J John Riggins is the correct answer for, for for a bonus. Would you like to answer how many touchdowns that is? Nah, but I like how you tried to throw me off though.


Ocho boy, you dirty Ocho. Hey, how You going? This you gonna try to pull a, a slum dog millionaire? Right? The wrong answer on the mirror for me. Okay. Okay, okay, okay. Oh, who was the Buffalo Bills all time leading my bad. Who was the Buffalo Bills all time leader in receiving yards, Buffalo bills all time leading receiver in, oh my God. Who is the Buffalo Bill's all time leading receiver in receiving yards? It's we one or two. It might be one or two, but you only got, you only got one name to you. I only Got one.


Damn. Yeah, I know how you feel. I'm gonna say Eric Moles. Oh, day that motherfucker with a nice boy. But the answer, the correct answer is Andre Reed. Reed. Andre Reed. 13 thou 95. Yeah. How many? 13,095 yards Andre Reed. Okay, we got you. You won in one. You won in one. Which head coach led the Bengals to their first Super Bowl appearance. Super Bowl 16. Which head coach led the Bengal to their first far Greg. Okay. That, that was, that, that was a good one. That was, that was a good one.


OO I'm Don't, don't, don't, don't say you plugged in. No, don't say you. I logged in O ww W Listen, I dialed it up. Not really. I Dialed It up. Every, everybody everybody would know that. Everybody would know that, that, that, that has any type of knowledge of the game of football. Okay. Next. Next one. Right here. Oh, you definitely ain't getting this. And what year did the Jags make their first appearance in the a FC championship? Oh, they beat us. It was the 90, it was after the 96 season. So it was 97. They lost to the, they lost to the, the Patriots.


And what year does Jags make their first Okay, it was 96. It was the 96 season, but the 96 goals in the 97. Okay. You got it right. Okay. 97. Because I was gonna say, if you said 97, you would've actually been wrong because you've been talking about 98, but you got it right. Okay, here we go. Name the three, I mean, we the same size. Don't do that. Name. The three Bengal players that have won the NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year award named the three Bengal players that have won the NFL Rookie of the Year award. It's a good one right here. If you know your history.


I don't. Hey. Oh shit. When the Bengals, y'all ain't got won a whole lot of awards now. Y'all did. Oh, you know what you call 'em? Y'all do got a couple MVPs. Boomer did. Boomer Seon went MVP. Yeah. I think Ken Anderson went MVP. I know Chase was rookie of the year. There you go. You got one Man. Yeah, I mean, I mean the, the three Are we talking about legend?


Yeah, But so anybody And it, and I'm not one of 'em. No, I'm just, I like I said, I'm gonna give, I'm gonna give you a hint with one of them. I'm gonna just say downtown, Downtown Freddie Brown Brady, Freddie Brown came out. He came out in the, the 85 draft with, with, with Jerry. They took him over. Jerry Cincinnati did. No, it's not Freddy, it's Eddie. Downtown Eddie Brown, I mean, yeah. And there's one more. I don't, I'm just going throw caution to the web. I'm gonna say He, he played argue, he played with God Damnit not a, not a Key Smith.


God. Why Slim Pickens. Huh? Them Pickens. Yeah. Call Pickens. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. That's, that's a three. So Technica, you didn't get that right because I helped you out. So you got, you got two, you got two an you got two answers, right? I traded, I traded. It's at, it's at my place in, at my, at my, at my house in Atlanta. I traded, hell, he went to the Pro Bowl one year. Yeah. And man, ain't nobody want the Bengal helmet. He like, man, I say, man, I'm not giving you, I said, I'm not giving him my Bronco helmet for no Bengals helmet. Right. He said, man, just take it. You can have it. Hell no, Man. Ain't nobody want beagles helmet, but I got one.


It all, it all depends on who it is. Do They got, hold on. Do y'all still got the stripes on your helmet? You know, all the stripes over the top? Of Course. Do they still have them? That's that's, I mean, we wouldn't be the Bengals if we didn't have the stripes on the helmet. Huh? Yeah, Because you know, you used to have the Bengal on the side. Oh, I like, I like that. I li like, like know with the word, the word Bengal. Yeah, the Bengal. Yeah. Yeah. The Word. Yeah. Yeah. That was dope with the orange helmet. They need to bring that back. Make it a retro.


With the lucky land sluts, you can get lucky just about anywhere. Dearly Beloved, we are gathered here today to, has anyone seen the bride and groom? Sorry. Sorry. We're here. We were getting lucky in the limo And, we lost track of time. No Lucky Land Casino with cash prizes that add up quicker than a guest registry. But in that case, I pronounce you Lucky. Pay for free@luckylandslides.com. No purchase necessary. BGW Grove Boy. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


The Hollywood Reporter is the source for insider entertainment news. Whether you're running a studio or you're someone who always has their finger on the pulse of hollywood, thr.com is the place for you. Find in-depth reviews, what to watch next, and the stories behind the front runners for the next big awards, all in one place. onr.com And. if you need minute to minute updates on what's happening in Hollywood, follow us at Hollywood Reporter on all your social platforms.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo,


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu Plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available Terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


Attention parents, grandparents, aunts and uncles. Got a kid who's not into biking or spends too much time on screens. Then you've gotta check out guardian bikes. Featured on Shark Tank and awarded the Top Kids bike in 2024 by the New York Times Wirecutter Guardian bikes is changing the game. What makes guardian bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to thoughtful engineering, lightweight frames and kid friendly components. Kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory. Ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last. And make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families and get a guardian bike today. Visit guardian bikes.com to save up to 25% off bikes, no code needed. Plus, receive a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for the newsletter. That's guardian bikes.com. Happy riding.


All right, Ocho, I won that one. I got three out of five. Yeah, you got that one. You got that one? It's about time Ocho, but check this out. Yeah. A man went viral today defending his girlfriend against his mom. I sent you the video. You like, oh, we gotta talk about this. Yeah, yeah. Let's show the video. You keep trying to hold that over my head and you talking to me crazy. And my woman crazy. And that's why I, I've allowed it to this point, but now I don't give up. But you just still, I don't care anymore. I'm calling her. Your woman. Your That's my woman's a mother. What do you mean child? What do you mean by that child? That's right. You did lose one of the babies. My God is so good. This is Hold on now is so heartless.


You're sick. Thank God you're sick. No. Why would you say that? I mean, you know, she's still mour it, it said she's not no mom Second hell up. Because at this point now, you getting out of control. Yeah. You just threatened my lost child. Your lost grandchild. And she's dealing with it right now. My grandchild. No. Lemme know what my Look right now we at the point now where I need you to do something. Me. Okay. Right now you gotta do something for me. What is that? Tyler? Apologize sir. To who? What you just did was pass along. To who? To to both of us. To both of us. You shut up. Stop. Mom. Me. You want me to shut up. Come shut me up. Come. I be, she won't come shut me up doing No, I, I ain't had enough of her.


I'll put her in between the washer and the dryer. Come, come play with me. She's talking spicy. She gonna put hey, she gonna put mama through the, through the Washing wash to put her in between. Oh. So how would you handle a situation like this? This situation aside? Hey, let's just say you got it. Okay. Let's say Pauline. Paula. Yeah. Oh, she don't play. She don't play because all that, all that, that man, man, hurricane don't play. She cussing everybody out. How would you handle that situation? Obviously Rel rel is important to you. That's your mom. Hey. Re re rel Got it.


When, when my mama was here. Huh? Rel got out. My mama was here. What you, matter of fact I'm gonna show you, you can't even see. Right? Listen, remember I told you when mama passed away her messages, right? You see? You see me? You see my phone? Yeah. You scrolling all her messages still there. You want, you wanna know her last message was to me. I ain't even raced yet. Hold on. Rel ran out second row. You laughing. I ain't bullshit. Second row at the mock funeral. Not a see from me at the funeral. As for Shire said to me, she had no contact information on me to let me know you ain't having a party.


Fuck that bitch too. Hey, what? Oh, well my mama was hell man. And everybody got it there. There's a saying, I don't know how many people in the chat that are from Miami or, or any of my friends. There's a saying, you are really not a friend of mine. We are not really friends if you haven't been cursed up by my mama. So what I do try to do in situations like that, I try to deescalate 'em as much as possible. But once she got that lick in her system, if my mama got that lick in her system, huh? It's a wrap. Yeah. I believe it's a wrap. There's nothing I can do. There's nothing I can say. It's a wrap. I believe there have to be a healthy level of respect on both sides.


I understand. 'cause you know, moms don't believe anybody is ever gonna be good enough for their daughter. Good enough. Yeah. And fathers go doesn't believe that anybody's ever gonna be good enough for their daughters. Right. But there has to be a level of respect there that this is the person that I choose and whatever mistake I make, I'm gonna have to stand in it. I'm gonna have to own it. And you know, I, there might be a time down the road that you say, I told you so. Right. But if I introduce you to somebody, I, I don't need you to this, in this situation notwithstanding, just be respectful because I'm gonna dema I'm gonna demand my partner be respectful of you because you are my mom and you are an adult. Yeah. You're older than she's, and so she's gonna give you a level of respect. But in order to get respect, you're gonna have to give respect.


Yeah. And I don't wanna be, I'm, listen, every time I come around, I'm not gonna be a referee. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. That's, that's not, that's not what I'm here for. Yeah. I, you know, I I I want my partner to be around, to know my family to to, to my grandmother and my mom and my sister, my brother and family. But to come around and be and, and, and to be You're not gonna be disrespectful. Yeah. You're not gonna call her out her name and my, my partner. Damn sure. Not gonna be disrespectful to you. 'cause at the end of the day, that's still my mom. Yeah. Yeah. She gave me life. So we're gonna be respectful on I demand respect on both sides. That's, I demand it from my mom to respect my partner.


Right. And I demand my partner to respect my mom. Yeah. That's tough. That's tough on, I mean, listen, I mean your your, your mom is a little different than my mom was. I mean, there are other people's mom, they, they, they operate different in that, in that, in that space when it comes to who their son might be dating. Yeah. My mama. My mama don't give to you know what? And didn't care who you were. You was, you was going get it. Any, any, any small little situation where things don't most of the time go her away or you don't or you don't, you don't check in. It just, it just, it just weird. Some of the things that would trigger her. And I, I would do everything I can in, in, in my power to, to do, to deescalate situations the best way I can.


And you know, it was, it was hard for me to even take my mama places with me. Huh? It was hard to take it to important stuff. Red carpet events. 'cause I know, I know what's gonna happen. I know. I know what's gonna happen. That's tough. And it, it, it never fell. It never fell. Even when I tried, it never fell in chat. If y'all don't know about Hurricane Paula, you can go, go watch, go watch it in action. When we had, we did marriage bootcamp together. My mom and I, we did marriage bootcamp together. A family edition where I tried to, to reunite and, and bring us a little closer together because we were, we were always at wit's end. You know, my grandma raised me. So I I I tried to do all I can to, to, to see if I can fix and rectify our situation as, as, as, as mother and son and boy.


She showed her ass on. She showed, she showed ass. She cussed everybody out. I'm ne my thing is, I, I'm never, I'm never gonna curse my mom. I'm never gonna be disrespectful to my mom. Yeah. I'm just gonna have a conversation with my mom and like, mom, look, I'm an adult now. Yeah. I'm not the little boy. Yes I am. I I'm still your baby. I'm the one that you gave birth to on June 26th, 1968 in Cook County Hospital. That's me. Yeah. But I'm a man now. And I'm, I'm well, I'm in my right mind. I'm old enough. I'm wise enough to make decisions. They might not be perfect. My grandmother had just the opposite approach.


My grandmother's like, I ain't gotta sleep with 'em. If you like 'em, I love them. 'cause I ain't gotta spend one day with 'em son. That's my grandma. Anytime I brought somebody, I ain't bring a whole lot of people around my grandma. But she said, son, I ain't got you the one that gotta live with 'em. Are you happy? Right. And if they make you happy, you being happy makes me happy. And if my happiness is dependent on you, you being happy son, do it. Right. But you know, my, my mom, and look, my mom is like, and I get it, but like, I would, I would've never, I would, I wouldn't allow my mom. I probably was like, you know, take my, take my, take my partner home. Right. My girlfriend home.


And then I'm gonna come back and I'm gonna have a conversation. I'm gonna have a deep conversation with my mom. And I'm gonna say, mom, that's disrespectful. I said, so in other words, you don't respect me. So you don't give, you don't give, you don't care about me. You don't care what I want. You don't care what I like. You don't care about my happiness. This ain't about you mom. Right. This is not about you. And I understand you want what's best for your child. All par. I ain't gonna say all, most parents want what's best for their child If they're, if they have anything. Right. Because I'm never, I'm never gonna be that parent that I parent. Oh, you think you better than me? What parent worth anything says that to a child. You think you better than me.


Right. But I will have a conversation with my mom That I-I-I-I-I thought that was very disrespectful. Yeah. The way you talk to her, the way you talk to me. Right. And mom, I'm gonna always love you, but if you can't respect the person that I'm with, I can't come around you. Yeah. Shoot that shit ain boy. Man. Shit. My, you see that little speech you gave just now being nice about, man, you can't, I can't even come around man. My man. But carry your, carry your black ass on there. Fuck you and that bitch. Right on. I wish, I wish you coulda met my mama, man. I don't know how many people from the chat, but that's watching the show.


That's from the crib that nobody, my old girl boy, she ain't play that shit bro. Boy. She ain't play that. It don't care. Don't matter who you is. Everybody got it. Coaches, teachers, friends, my girls, my kids. Hey my kids. Those I have kids from. Everybody Got it. Everybody was spare game. It, It's, it's different. Pastor. It's, it, it was very different the way my grandmother approached my girlfriends or people that I was dealing with than my mom. Yeah. My grandma's like, you happy take care of the babies. Hey, because I want them grand. I want them great grands to be around X, Y, and Z.


Alice, Mary, Alice. Different ball game. Huh. But the thing is that, that, you know, you take, you take mom. Just because I have somebody in my life, that doesn't mean I love you any less. Mm. Just because I got a kid from this person, that doesn't mean that's gonna take any le that's gonna take any of my love from you. Right. You my mom, you always gonna be my mom. I'm always going to do for you. But now I have responsibilities that I have to do for someone else also. Right now, I might not be able to do as much as I could do 'cause I have other responsibilities first and foremost. That's one thing Barney and Mary Porter raised us to do.


You take care of your responsibilities and I'm gonna do that. Right. Because I created it. So anytime you create something, you take care of it. Right. Okay mom. But I still got you. You think you're gonna be you. You can't call me and say, I need something, I need X, Y, and Z and not get it. Maybe I, maybe I don't give you everything because you look mom, you and I both know, a lot of times you call for stuff that you don't really need, but you know I got it and I'm gonna send it. You Saying it anyway. Yeah. Yes. Love you. My like why the hell y'all think I do all this for my family, my sister, my brother, my mom, my kids.


You know, I can say I don't buy a whole lot of stuff for me. It's about them. I don't have a grandmother now. My granny is gone. But what she did is what I did promise her that I was gonna hold it down. Right. That I was gonna make sure everybody was gonna be okay and she could go rest easy knowing that she and my grandfather did the job of the way they were supposed to rear me. And I was gonna hold it down. I got it Right. Don't you worry about a thing. You're never gonna have to worry about spanking. You're never gonna have to worry about Libby. You're not gonna have to worry about mama. My kid's straight. I'm gonna be okay. Because that's the way I was raised. So yeah. I, I I just, I, I'm big on respect.


Ojo. I don't bother people. I don't call people out their name. I stay to myself. It's not that important to me. What somebody else doing. It doesn't bother me, me, what some woman is doing. If you ain't feeding finance or effing Shannon, why I care. Right. Right. What You need, you, you need to have some kind of like, importance for me to care about what you're doing. Going. Yeah. Nah, Kayla, Kayla Kiari. Okay. My kids' mom, I worry about, hey, they married. Hey, you know y'all can still call if you need something. Right. Right.


You can still call, let them know, Hey, ain't nothing going on. They ain't gotta worry about that. But I, I don't, I don't believe in that disrespect stuff. You not gonna disrespect somebody. Nah mama. We don't do that. But my mom good now. My mom good. She good. Yeah. She done got old now. She okay. She just wanna go gamble. She just wanna spend my money at the casinos play slot. Yeah. She good. Well my, my mama, I, well she can't go to ga she can't go to sporting events 'cause I don't play anymore. She ain't been to a sporting event since I last played in, in oh three. That was her thing. You know, her baby playing.


She coming to see me playing. I wanna come let me come early 'cause I don't wanna sit in the cold. So we try to line up with two games back to back. So she come out there that, you know, she get out there that Friday. She stayed to the following Monday. Monday she back out. She done got her two games. She good, Right. Yeah. But yeah, I, I, I'm, I'm big. I'm big on, I'm big on respect. Ojo. But it's tough. It's tough because it's, you do realize when you date someone or you marry someone, you marry into that family too, too now. Yeah. Oh yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. Ocho Now it's time for our last segment of the day. It's time for q and a Q and a Q and a Q and A Q.


My mom loved the slot and she ain't won nothing. I said, I told her I'm gonna put a slot machine in my house so that way I get all my money back. Say she ain't want That. All the money I gave you. I get it right back. Ke nor with you. You say unc, my question is the bills is, can the bills win the a MC championship if they don't face Kansas City? They absolutely, they absolutely are good enough. Yeah. Josh Allen is playing unbelievable. If they had an MVP vote probably right now, he probably win it. He definitely, he definitely the Firm. He probably win it Ocho he probably would win it. You know What? And, and not to go off track. You talk about Josh Allen Wood he's doing right now and the bills.


But the goddamn jets look good. What I saw from Aaron Rogers last week look good. So I think the a FC is up for grabs when it come between the Jets and the Bills. 'cause right now the Dolphins don't have no horse in the race right now until they get quarterback. They ain't got no horse in the race. But that goddamn Josh, that goddamn Josh Allen. Man. I don't know what the hell he eat. I don't know what he eat. I don't know what he eat.


Chba looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere. Play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Chumba life@chumbacasino.com. btw group. No purchase necessary Void web prohibited by loss, sea terms and conditions. 18 plus


With dozens of streaming services, box office films and content to choose from. People are spending over two and a half years of their lives searching for what to watch. But the Hollywood Reporter brings you THR charts one place for you, your family and friends. To find the most watched TV shows and movies every week. THR Charts is a guide to help you spend less time scrolling through platforms so that you can spend more time watching and binging the content everyone is talking about. All supported by data and trusted sources like Nielsen comScore and Paired Analytics. Check out THR charts on hollywood reporter.com.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo.


Lenovo,


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu Plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


Attention parents and grandparents. Is your child struggling to ride a bike or ready to start? Meet guardian bikes the easiest, safest, and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day. No training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank. And are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Visit guardian bikes.com to save up to 25% off bikes. No code needed. Plus receive a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for the newsletter. That's guardian bikes.com. Happy riding.


As long as he take care of the football. As long as he realize that, you know, in order for you to beat them ocho, you're probably gonna have to put him in a situation where he feels he needs to be Superman. Yeah. And then, you know, that's when the turnover The every time man, that's when the turnovers come out. That's when the turnovers, yeah. Saint the Snipper. Oh, you have funny stories about Clem Portis in Denver and talk about how, how he ended someone's career not blocking those special teams. Ocho you the goat. Now you know what Poe we hit pulled up for? We had, you know, rookie, rookie night out. We had def we took down Def Frisco, we hit pulled over the head for about 2020 brands. What?


20,000? He paid it. What the hell you mean him and Ashley Lee? Yeah. Hell yeah. They paid it. Man, y'all would've had to get that in blood Man. Don't worry about it. 20,000. Don't worry about it. We got it. Hey, I, I've whooped every last one of y'all talking about 20,000. 20,000. Who? 20,000 American dollars. American dollars. I think like the lineman. The lineman they made. I think it was, hold on. I think Big Foster, they end up going to Vegas. He took them to Vegas. All we did is stay in Denver. Had Little Castle Steak. Lobster. You know, I ain't eat. No I ain't, you know, I don't, I'm allergic shellfish, but I had some steak, you know, order a nice, you know, $8,000 bottle of wine.


You know? Right. You did it right. Gotta feel a limbo. I need my old limbo. I can't ride with somebody else because I to go because you know, you know, you know. Yeah. You know the limbo don't close. Nobody knows where a nose goes. You know what I saying? Yeah. So, man, I don't know. Port was Portis. I don't even think because back then I ain't even really have to go I with the hands team. And that was only on Friday for like 10 minutes. Right. But man, you know what I hate most is that Portis not realizing how good he could have been.


Oh yeah. Legend. Legend. You gotta realize he rushed for 1500 yards and 15 touchdowns was off, was offensive Rookie of the year. Followed that up with 1599 and 16 touchdowns. And Mike traded him for Champ Bailey because he wasn't gonna do Right. Right. He was going, he was gonna do everything he was gonna do. He was gonna do stuff that he shouldn't do. Right. We got curfew 11 o'clock, 11 30, 12 o'clock. I'm looking out my window. Yeah. I see him looking back.


See if anybody looking at him going to his car. Dang. I'm, I'm thinking to myself, you ain't gonna be here long bro. Mike ain't gonna put up with that. I don't care how great you are. Mike ain't gonna put up with it. Right. He was good man. Porter should be in the hall of Fame. Oh yeah. That's how good he that's that's how good. I'm not telling you something I heard. I'm telling you what I know. Yeah. He should have been in the hall of Fame. He was lazy. He was lazy. He was just had God given ability. Yeah. But he was lazy and he was gonna cut every f-ing corner that he could.


Now I don't know what he was like when he was in Washington. I'm telling you what he was like with there, with the two years I was in Denver. Right. And That's, that's just tough for me. 'cause I hate to see guys waste that, that kind of ability. Right. See here, I, man, I'd had 20,000 yards with my work ethic and that accountability man, please. Stephanie Warfield said Jane Daniel was fun to watch tonight. Rank your top five most fun quarterbacks to watch from any time period. I picked the nineties through 2010. Mine are Vic Marino, McNair Peyton, Steve de Berg honorable me with Cole Pepper and Elway.


Who was your favorite quarterbacks to watch? ocho? Oh, Marino. Marino was my favorite quarterback to watch because that was all Dan. Huh? Danno. We call him, you know Dan? Dan? You call him Dan. You know, a y five. Oh Right. That's all I knew growing up. It. Dan Marino, mark Duper, Mark Clayton. That was all I got. Hold on. I'm getting my charger. 'cause my, my computer, my laptop on 10% Far as just like it. I mean, obviously you gotta take Vic. You gotta take like Lamar.


See I think, I think I'm looking at these you like, you like wow factor because McNair you got hell trying to get him on the ground and he going to, he, he's kind of like a, like a big band. He was big band before Big Ben. Right. Vic was super exciting. Lamar has that, has that same ability. The Flash could throw, it can run. He gonna make you miss, he gonna stop on a dime. Start, take off again. Make you look foolish. The same thing Vic, Vic was just gonna outrun you. You go. You wasn't gonna be able to catch him. I love Patrick Mahome and his ability, his his improvisational ability to, to throw the football.


Hmm. Okay. We good. How many quarterbacks you just named that you like I like Vic. I like a Lamar. As far as like, I'm looking at them like exciting to watch. Like, damn. What? Oh, exciting. Yeah. What number, number one most exciting quarterback of all to me from a, from an exciting standpoint. Like must see TV would be Vick. Yeah. Would be Michael Vick. I, I don't think unless you were there during that time, during that tenure, you, you'd never understand.


Nah. You would never understand what that Michael Vick experience was like. Yeah. But La Lamar's up there. Lamar's up there as Lamar's up there as well. It's about like exciting. Like, like Yeah. That's the thing. And Mike, Mike admitted it, like if he had taken it more serious. Right. If he took it as serious as Lamar does. Mm. Boy. Mm. Boy he was special. Maybe A was He was special. Yes, he was. I'm talking about from just playing the position. You gotta say Brady. Oh yeah, man, Brady and Mahome.


Just like, I'm talking about Ocho just playing the, like if I could, if I could like a quarterback, his ability to under duress Right. And calm like Brady, I want his mind to be like a computer, like the, like Tom Cruise at the board at Minority. Minority Report. Yeah. Just, just Off information. I want him to have the improvisational skills like a Mahome. I want him to have the foot speed. Like Vic, I want him to have the athleticism to make you miss like Lamar Jackson. Jackson. And I want him to have the arm talent of Aaron Rogers.


I ain't gonna lose a game. I ain't gonna lose a game. My quarterback gonna run. My quarterback gonna run for like 200 yards a game and throw for 300 every game. Oh. Tho those the days. J Dub Acker said, have either of you ever been racially insensitive or had a racially insensitive coach? If so, how did you handle that situation? Congrats on the new award. Nah, No. I never, I haven't, I never had that happen. Nah. And you know, I, you know, I grew up in rural south in the damn seventies.


Well Say it more so. Would be more inclined for you to experience something like that than, than I would. Yeah. And I, and I, I always had, I had like my first, my first coach was a Rester. So Francis Dutton was her son David. Right. I went to school with her son Clayton, who was his younger, well he, David was his older brother. So I went to school with them. So he was cool. And then Dorsey Messey rest his soul. He was my first, he was my first black coach that I had. Nah. Never had to mess. But, you know, back, back, back then, if a coach checked you right.


And you went home, the first thing your grandparents ask you, Lord, your mom asked you, what'd you do? Because I know that man ain't do that for nothing. Just for nothing. Yeah. Alright. You, I just told you what the man did you talking about. I did something. So back then people held your ass accountable. Exactly. Parents held your, as parents and grandparents held your ass accountable because I know you, because you got a smart mouth. Okay. And What, what you, what what you did wrong was the first question every time. But I, I have, I have not, I don't know how I would've handled it. It is different because you're talking now.


I'm 56. You talking about a kid somewhere between the ages of nine and 13. Yeah. Your reaction, the, the way you react, it Be totally different. You never got si you never got sideways with an adult. Right. No matter, no matter black, white, you just didn't, you just chalked it up and went on about your da why on went on about your day. Yep. Joni Fauna said, what do you think about dj? A Carrington's poking the eye on Cece. Can I get a shout out for my children? Will and Grace Love you both. Thank you for watching. We really appreciate that. We appreciate the, the support.


Will and Grace. Your mom wants to give you guys a shout out. I didn't see it, but I heard people talking about it. It was the accident. Yeah. She reached in, she reached in and just caught a eye by accident. Yeah man, I had so much other stuff, you know, trying to get ready for first take tomorrow, knowing that, you know, so I'm just looking at the game. You know Caitlin Clark yesterday playing the sun, looking at Asia, what she was able to do. I knew we were gonna talk about Asia and the MVP Caitlin and the Rookie of the year. So I'm sorry guys. I did, I I wish I could give you a more definitive answer, but I didn't see it. Y'all know I ain't got no problem. I see something. I'm gonna say it Har bro.


I don't even know how to pronounce your name so I ain't gonna even butcher it. What's up, Nightcap crew. Oh. I just wanna know, why did you stop doing dumb Dumb The dumb dumb Daily Award? That's Ash. I think it was good for the show. Oh, we gonna bring it back. We gonna bring it back. You know, like we took a hiatus and then we tried to get, you know, we tried to get ready for the show. And. if you notice, we're just not getting the beats back where we're doing Spell where? We're doing Dunk on Unc. So we gotta get our rhythm back, get our cadence back. But it's coming back. I promise you it's coming back. Aid and Yoko. What's up? UNC and Ocho? Yesterday my firstborn turned one. His name is Zion. Zane. Zane, could you please wish him a happy birthday every time y'all are on?


He Loves it. Thank you for entertaining us, Zane. Happy first birthday and appreciate you guys watching. We appreciate the support. That means a lot to us to know that we've had a lot of people that, that have been here since day one. We've had a lot of people that's joined us and have never turned their back on us. And never left us. So we greatly, greatly appreciate the support and all the awards that you guys have helped us win over the years. And many, as you can see, some of 'em in the back here with a hundred thousand subs, 1 million Subs, Webby Awards, And. we just won another award. Put that a award in here. What we just won. What award we do. Oh, we won Best Sports Black Podcast Award.


Ocho Now, now you Finn to start giving some hate too. Nah. Who? You. Nah, everybody love me though, regardless. Nah, nah. Hell dog. That that they do. I need you to give some of that. You need to get some of that heat up off your boy. They Never, I I, but, and I mean they nah, it, it is just impossible. I'm such a, I'm such a likable figure. It's hard to even hate me. Like, it's hard. You would have to like really dig deep down and just be like, And. if you hate me, then it's actually some It says more about you than it does me. Mm.


It I'm just, I'm saying it does. Oh, so you really tell me. It's, it's really hard to hate somebody that you don't know. Huh? Oh, okay. I get what you need. Yeah. I mean, listen, I'm just telling you, I'm just such a likable, I'm such a likable person. Me too. Okay. We just win. Yeah. Yeah. DJ say we the best all we do. Win, win, win, Win, win, win. So guys, thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite Aunt Shannon Sharp. He's your favorite Number 85 from Liberty City Pro.


Bowler All pro. All pro. Being a ring of Fame artery ring. Legendary Bengal's. Great. Yeah. They took that l last night with him in attendance. He was there. Corey Deley went into The ring of Fame, Cory de Ab Ocho Cinco Johnson, please make sure you hit that sub. Make sure you hit the subscribe button. Come on guys, get us the 1.5, 1.5. Let's get to 1.5 by Thursday. That's the goal. 1.5 by Thursday, at least 1.5 by Thursday. We greatly, greatly appreciate it. And make sure you hit that like button. Guys, do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every podcast subscriber counts count, every podcast subscriber matter count.


We thank you counts count, because all these awards we are winning. It could not be possible without you. So we thank you for that. We're 200 away from 1.49 million. So we're 1200 subs away from 1.5, one point half, one point 500,000, 1 million, 500,000, right? Yes, yes. So that's our goal. That's our goal by Thursday, 1.5. I like it. Excuse me. Make sure you check out Shade by La Portier. We have it in stock And. if you can't find it in a city or state near you, make sure you check out our, our site and we'll ship it directly to your home or your address, or wherever you want it to be shipped.


Please go follow my media company on all its pages. That's Shesha Media and my clothing company. 84. We did this shirt. We do all the Ts. That's 84 being spelled out. UNC and OCHO ts are back in stock. I repeat. UNC and Ocho ts are back in stock. And, if you ordered merch within the last three weeks, it's being shipped out this week. OCHO has a new cigar. It's called Cigar of Honor. It's a limited edition tribute to O Cho's, legendary NFL Career. This is an extremely, extremely limited release, so make sure you get your reserve box now. Now, only 850 boxes will be available for reservations.


If your reservation is required. We pin the link at the top of the chat, so make sure if you're a cigar smoker, if you want to get one for a, a friend, a loved one, or a family member. That's the, that's the cigar Ocho Cigar of Honor, a limited edition tribute to OCHO NFL Career. Extremely, extremely limited. And there'll only be 850 boxes sold. And when the 850 are sold, there will be no more. Jayden Daniels prove that he's him with a victory on the road. A 38, 20 33 victory. He was 21 of 23, 2 54, 2 touchdowns, no turnovers.


The out dude, Joe Burrow. It's the first time since 1940. We had a game. There were no punts and no turnovers. Turnovers by either team. Yeah, tremendous job for him. Jayden Daniels and the, and the Washington Commanders move to two in one, and Josh Allen leaves a demolition over the Jacksonville Jaguars 47 to 10. They score on five straight possessions in the four first half, and they blow out the Jags. 47 10 behind Josh Allen. Sensational night. I'm up. He's Ocho. This is Nightcap. We'll see you Thursday. The Volume,


The Hollywood Reporter is the definitive source of entertainment news where we tell the entertainment stories insiders need to know and deliver Hollywood culture to those who crave it. Go to thr.com and stay up to date by subscribing to newsletters like today in entertainment to find out what's happening in showbiz to THR charts, to see what content is trending to Feinberg Forecast. To read up on expert predictions for awards, races, and many more, subscribe to thr.com and find the newsletter that delivers the entertainment stories you crave.


You know that feeling when you walk into your home. Take a deep breath, ah, and feel new. Well, that's what it's like to use Clorox sativa because Clorox Tiva smells like coconut, cleans like Clorox, and feels like energy. It'll elevate any cleaning routine to not just clean, but also make every room smell like a tropical coconut getaway. Discover how Clorox TVA's powerful, clean, and refreshing scents can transform your space. Get yours in coconut or other fabulous scents at a nearby retail store.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, You feel good enough to go out there and play. If You turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more, check out bs.com.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from e-service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers only if available Terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have, and that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo.