
You know, you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports Book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. As you watch the number eight Ohio State Buckeyes, totally take apart the number one team in the country, Oregon Ducks by the score of 41 to 21. And even though it was a 20 point lead win, the game really wasn't that close. If you watch that game, that was total, I don't know if I've seen the number one team in the country get beat this bad like that. Get beat this bad OCHO in a very, very, very, very long time. Yeah, and listen, I I just have to say one thing. I want you to look at all the teams that had a bye week that had a buy. I talked about the Kansas City Chiefs having a buy, you know, before they play their first game and having so much time off.


Now look, look what happened to the teams. Look what happened To boys, what you have to under what happened to what you have to understand. Ocho, the NFL they've been granted by college. Don't normally get that. So this is very u unique to them, but we'll, we'll see how this thing plays out. Thank you guys for watching us. Again, I am your favorite on Shannon Sharpe, that guy Liberty City's own bingo Ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. And we want to thank you for helping us matter and for counting for us, please check out Shade by la Porter.


We do have it in stock. The new year is upon us. What better way to celebrate the new year 2025 than with a bottle of shade by La Porter. And if you cannot find it in a city or state near you, order it and we'll ship it directly to your door. And please drink responsibly. Please check out my media company, Shehe Media, on all of its platforms. My clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out just dropped our newest release, which was shirts and sweats. We had beanies cos and mugs. Quantities are limited, so please make sure you grab yours, wild supplies. Last tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. Our first spring tour, stop on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat in FE February 6th in New Orleans.


Be there. We've been nominated for two Sportscast, two sports podcast awards. Best American Sports Football podcast and best Sports Comedy podcast. Please go vote. Link is at the top of the chat and pen on our social pages and all of our social bios. Before we get started, Ocho obviously what has transpired the, the sugar bowl between the Georgia Bulldogs and the fighting Irish of Notre Dame were po was postponed and senseless act of terrorism. And so before we get into the show, we wanna have a moments of silence for those that were impacted and all the New Orleans, new orlean that was impacted, the family, friends, and loved ones of this senseless and tragic.


So we wanna take a few moments to pause to heartfelt condolences to those that were impacted by this. I know sometimes it's really hard for you to try to wrap your mind around something that's so senseless. I would encourage you to be vi vigilant, but not be afraid. Go about your normal life because that's what terrorist cowards try to do. They try to put you in fear for your normal everyday activities. Yeah. But we should not, we should be vigilant, but we should not be afraid.


As we know there is something that a person that sits high or spirited, whatever you believe, that sits high and looks low. He is the king of kings. He's the Lord of lords. He's the alpha and the omega. Hmm. He's the omnipotent one. And I know right now it's hard to understand. But I encourage God to give us all strength and understanding that what transpired today to start 2025, someone wanted their moment and they took this, they took the coward way to do just that. To all those that's impacted, all people that lost loved ones, that lost family, that lost friends.


The Nightcap crew, along with many others, sends our heartfelt thoughts and prayers. We pray that you gain comfort. We pray that you have understanding and in time and only when you're ready, hopefully you find peace and solace in this Ocho My heart breaks. Yeah. I can only imagine receiving the news that some people received that this had happened. But I do under, but I do. I do, I do. Sincerely in all my heart believe there is a how of power and a how of being. And we don't understand everything. It's not meant for us here to understand.


But I do believe sunshine follows rain. And it's really dark right now for a lot of people in New Orleans and for the city of New Orleans, because I know you're mourning. I know you're hurting, but just know you're strong and think about what you've already overcome from Katrina and a lot of other things that have happened in that city. You are built for this. We're built for this. And like all things, we'll get through this Ocho, the game that you just watched, the Ohio State Buckeyes took apart the number one team in the country. The Oregon Ducks, 41, 21 in the Rose Bowl, Oregon. Excuse me, Ohio State gets their revenge.


It was one of their two losses on the season. Yeah. They lost earlier in the year to Oregon. In Oregon. But tonight there were really no match. Jeremiah Smith set the stage early. He had seven catches, a buck, 87 and two touchdowns. Yeah. But this was really a mismatch from the word junk. And I think this is what's so frustrating about Ohio State because you see what they can be. Now this is the team that took away, took apart the number one team in the country. Yes sir. By 20 by three touchdowns. Yes sir. And lost on their own home field by a team that they were favored by three touchdowns. That's what's frustrating about them. And I think that's what, but Ryan Day give him credit.


We've been very critical of him. Not critical. We were critical of the game that he lost. Right. Losing to Ohio, losing to Michigan, year in and year out. Having that level of talent that you've had. Think about the quarterbacks that they've had. Think about the wide receivers thinking about the D Lyman. Think about the, the, the DBS from the Denzel Awards and the Jeff o Cudas and all those guys that's come out of there. Yes, sir. And you ain't got no national champ, no national championship to show for show for all receiver. Yes, sir. Marvin Harrison, Jr. Jackson Smith and Jig. You got Crystal Lavy, you got Garrett Wilson. Look at those D lineman from Chase Young, the Nick Bosa. Look at those quarterbacks. Yeah. Justin Fields. And you have rest his soul.


What's the guy that that lost his life tragically? Dwayne Haskins. Dwayne Haskins. You had the other quarterback and they, so I, you could understand why people like, hold on, come on Coach Day. You got this level of talent. They had a a, a top what, top six, top seven pick last year in the offensive tackle position. They're like, coach day, you got this level of talent and you losing to Michigan and you ain't got no national championship. But all will be forgiven if he takes this thing and, and, and, and, and finish it out. But the Ohio stake look good today. Ocho they ran the ball Well, they threw the ball Well, the ball. Yeah. They stopped Bishop, I mean the high, high powered offensive Oregon. Yeah. It looks very, it looked very pedestrian, very mundane today.


It did. Listen, I, I, I don't know, may, may, maybe I could be wrong, but I think, I think the week, the week off, I think it did more harm than good for 'em to be as flat as they look today. As well as organs played all season long being the number one team in the country. And the way they showed up today, that had to be a little bit of rust. And not only was it a little bit of rust, but it was too late. And there was no room for the rust when you planned somebody like Ohio State who had a point to prove after losing the first time they met earlier in the season. Right. And that's exactly what they got. Jeremiah Smith, he said ahead of time That if you play on one, hey, if you play one-on one, you're not gonna be able to cover me. He went out there and did exactly what he was supposed to do and handled this business. The funny thing about it, people don't, people right now are talking about je Jeremiah Smith and how great he is and how good he is.


And he's probably right now, even as a freshman, probably the number one receiver in the country right now as a freshman. Oh, I've been watching Young Bull at Shaman down there in Miami, you know, for a few years. He been like that in little league. He was like that at Ohio State. Big he is like that. When he get drafted into the NFL, he's still gonna be like that. He been like that for a long time. Outside of that man. Ohio State. Look very, very well. Again, hoping Coach Ryan Day can finish the task at hand. And for all the great players that have come through Ohio, Ohio State. They can have, they can hoist that trophy at the end of the day. Yeah. Oh, CJ s Strau was a quarterback.


Yeah. You had CJ Stro. Yeah. No national championship. Justin Fields, no national championship. So Dwayne Haskins, no. National championship. That's three quarterbacks. Take it in the first round. Now Lava First Round pick. Yes, sir. Gary Wilson, first round pick. Jackson Smith and Jig book, first Round pick Margaret Harrison, Jr. First Round pick Chase Young, the number two pick Nick Boer, the number two pick. Yeah. Jeff Ocu, Denzel War. Come on now. Ocho come on, Ocho. I mean, people a they make it seem like we just making stuff up. Right. You got that level of talent you are in and year out and you ain't won no national championship and people like, oh, oh, they're being too hard raw and you lose to Michigan.


I don't think I, I personally don't think that's a stretch. Right. When you got that level of talent that's coming out year in and year out and under achieving consistent. There's no other there, there's no other way around it. Ocho Coach Day, you did a phenomenal job of having this team prepared and from the word jump. I have a question. Huh? Do you still, is it, is it considered underachieving the fact that you've had all these quality players year in and year out? Is it still underachieving simply because you haven't won a national championship, but the seasons have, the seasons have success? I'm asking, I'm asking. Oh, think about it. You got offensive player of the year. Offensive player of the year. Offensive player of the year.


Think about you got quarterbacks. Yes. CJ Strau, Justin Fields. And you had Dwayne Haskins, right. In sex session. Yes, sir. You think about you had Jack Smith and Jig, but you had Gary Wilson, you had on lo you had Marvin Harrison Jr. In Sex session and a lot of those guys played together. Yeah. You had a Chase Young, you had Nick Bosa a jeffo Coda didn't say Onward. Come on bro. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, That's 10, bro. That's ten first round picks right there. Yeah. And I said the same thing about Coach Saban. Right. Coach Saban said that the, the fans in, in, in Ohio State are psychotic.


I asked Coach Saban this, if you had consistently lost to Auburn and you got Julio, and you got Calvin Ridley, and you got Judy, and you got rugs, and you got Waddle, and you got Devonte Smith, and you got Amari Cooper, and you got those quarterbacks, you got to her, you got Bryce Young, Bryce Young, you got, what's the guy that went to New England? Mac Jones? Not, not Jay Mac Jones. Mac Jones. Mac Jones. Okay. You got him Now you got, and plus you got, what's the guy, Derrick Henry, and you got IG Harris, you got Damien Harris cut, bro. And I ain't even talk about the defense. Right. I ain't gonna talk about what they got over there. Yeah. That, that wasn't down.


And people win on National Championship. That wasn down even after a couple of years of Coach Saban and Alabama fans. Y'all know this, even after a couple of years of not winning the national championship after he had done one, four or five. Yes. They said Coach Saber lost his fastball. That man had got four or five national championships. And they saying that with the talent, right. You got Quinny Williams and you got Allen and you got all those guys. See, man, you better a you better you a when you have that level of talent, ocho. Right. I mean, think about Alabama, the level of talent that they put out every single year. Right. Ohio State ain't far behind. The only difference is Alabama has, has won in the last 15 years, has won six national championships, played for another three.


That's the difference between them and Ohio State. And, And, and you know what I, what I would love to hear is stressing the chat and then probably people that are gonna watch this after the fact and, and hear us talk about this and saying that Ohio State is underachieved based on the level of talent that they've had in succession there without winning the national championship. I'm curious to hear rebuttals and with the not excuses, but the reason behind why they haven't won will be. Right. And you know, people always find a way they come up with something, I don't wanna call 'em excuses, but they, there are valid reasons depending on what they may be for whatever reason, I'm curious to hear what they have to say. And Ohio State also had Joe Burrow, he transferred leads. Oh, he Transferred. Went to LSU. Yeah. You had Jameson Williams. Hey, Hey, I wonder how do they, how do they list stuff like that happen?


You know, you play, how does, how does Auburn, how does Florida let, let Cam Newton get Gale? How does, how does Ohio State let Joe Burrow get away? Do they not see the level of talent at that time? Or is it the fact that they don't have they Talented, but you gotta be able to beat the guy that's in front of you out Ocho What do you mean, Joe? Who, who was it? Joe Burrow couldn't beat out at Ohio State. JJJT Barrett. Sometimes it happened. Who was that? Was it Derrick? Was it David Carr that couldn't beat out Billy Bullock at Flo at Fresno State? No, I think it was Derrick. I think David Carr couldn't beat out Billy Bullock. Billy Bullock was like a fifth or sixth round at David Carr was the first picket to draft.


So I, I'm may, maybe I'm confused. Did they have the issue beating these individuals out or these players had I don't seniority want, I don't wanna play politics. I don't want, I want I don't wanna Seniority, Huh? Seniority. That's What I, yes. Seniority. Because Adrian Peterson said he didn't go to Texas even though he's from, I think he's from Palestine because they had a guy. And, and Max Brown says, you won't play, you won't play a whole lot this year. Because we believe that the guy that's in front of senior, he deserves to play. See what I mean? Oklahoma said, we gonna let you play. Okay. That's probably, But it worked, it worked out well. Jamon Williams, he left with Ave.


You got Jackson Smith and jla, you got Gary Wilson. Okay. Hey, J Jam. Mo Jamo was at Ohio State Too. He absolutely was.


Ooh, we all have experience praying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps back. A chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free, overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes@chime.com slash Nightcap. That's chime.com/ Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp Bank, north America or Stride Bank, north America members. FDIC spot me Eligibility requirements in overdraft limits apply boosts are available to eligible chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out of network ATMs.


And so sometimes the changes and It's only one ball to go around. So I kind understand that Sometimes, you know, a change of scenery is good. Yes, sir. The Ohio State look good tonight. Yes, sir. I mean, they ran, I mean the guy hit us, said, I mean, they, they, they just like, okay, we tired of throwing it. Maybe they, they preparing for the, the pass. Let's just hand it off. They hand the ball off and the guy goes 64 65 yard. No, 66. 66. Oh. How you go? 60 on a handoff. You hit the hole, you hit the sideline and don't nobody touch you. Trust You. No. And the the player, the even the, the, the players in the secondary taking the angle. I don't know what kind of angle they took. Yeah. I don't know what he took the first guy that missed him because they were so, the other guys were so off fire out of position.


Right. They weren't gonna catch him once he hit that sideline and he, It was a wrap. Yeah. But Will Howard 17 of 26. 3 19 3 touchdowns, zero interception. Ohio State running attack 31 rushes 181 yards two touchdown. I I I Okay. I hit 'em. Killers back there, I hit 'em killers. Well that, that's outside though. I think that was a car Henderson eight carries for 94 yards, two touchdown longer. 66 judkins, 17 carrots 85 yards. But they did whatever they wanted to do. And they were all over Dylan and Gabriel.


Yeah. Eight sacks like tonight. Ocho check this out. They had 28 rushes for minus 23 yards. Let me repeat that. 28 rushes for minus 23 yards. Now a lot of that OCHO came on Sac Yards college. Right. They still take the sac yards. They take it from your rush. Yes, sir. So Dylan Gabriel carried the ball 12 times for minus 43 yards. So therein lies why the, the minus 23. But he, he was 29 to 41 for 2 99, 2 touchdowns. But give Ohio State, give Ohio State credit, they rushed three. They got pressure, they rushed for, they got pressure.


It didn't matter what they did. Right. They could do whatever they wanted to do and they took 'em apart. They were, they were clearly the better team. Now of all the teams that I've seen played thus far. Yeah. They Looked the best. Ohio State looked the best. The, the the best, the best college football team that we've seen in the college football playoffs Yeah. Thus far was Ohio State. What Ohio State did tonight. Now next week might be something entirely different. OCHO Yeah. Georgia or nor Notre Dame might come out tomorrow. I think the game is, is still is scheduled for tomorrow. Right. Okay. Notre Dame might come out here and blow us away. Georgia might come out here and blow us away. Right. But the best team that we've seen thus far, top to bottom is the Ohio State buck Astronaut.


Oh yeah. I wonder what the difference is though. Huh? I wonder what I mean, look, look at looking at the game. You have a week to prepare. You've already played him once. You beat him once. So I wonder what the difference was. What did Oregon do wrong that they didn't do the first time they played? Did Oregon get a couple of special teams touchdown with the first time they played? I think, I think something had to, had to go really well. But, but to their credit, Oregon did have like 500 yards of total offense the first time. But Ocho you're at home, you know, you played better at home than you do on the road, especially college kids. Now you gotta realize you're dealing with 18, 19, 20 year olds. Right. Right.


These aren't professionals. Well, they are somewhat, some of them are professional. Well, they get paid like professionals. Yeah. Let, let's, let's do that. Let's say that. And so, yeah, I mean, 14 points in the first quarter, they got 20 points in the second quarter. That was 34. Oregon scored right before the half went for two. Got it. Made it 34 to eight. But the game really wasn't that close. Let's be, let's be realistic. The game really wasn't that close. If you watched it. I don't think anybody thought once that game got to 20, got that game, got to 21 to nothing. Right. I don't think anybody thought, man, Oregon gonna come back. Absolutely. I don't think anybody thought that. Not even Oregon fans. Not even Phil Knight.


And he, he might be the most, he might be the, the the most diehard duck fan. He knew it was over. Yeah. Will Howard seemed to be fighting a stride. 319 yards, three touchdowns, Howard second straight game, a 300 plus passing yard. And his third this season and freshman wide receiver, Jeremiah Smith had a career day seven catches 187 yards and two scores. Look, Ohio State has had some receivers. Yeah. It started with Chris Carter and you know, you come on down. Oh yeah, they had some, There's a lot, a lot of them there. There's a lot of them. David Boston, you know, they've had, you know, obviously this, this runner of receivers you had Michael Thomas, they've had some receivers.


But this kid as big as he is and the way he can move, because most guys, Michael Thomas was big. He ain't fast like this kid. No. Even CE couldn't run like this kid. Listen, The only thing, the other guy a little on the smaller side now, right. A lobby, I think a lobby and Gary Wilson a little, but they're not, it's like two 15 pounds. Yeah. They, they, they a little bit more wired. They're A little bit angular. It I, i I mean no disrespect. Right Chad, they all stay with me now. I've been watching Jeremiah Smith since, since since high school. He was at Shammanad. Right. So my comparison, even at the collegiate level, even as a freshman now I, I, I know my eye, I know my eyes. My eyes ain't feel me, I, I got 22 vision I got, if I was in the Marines, I'd be a sniper.


If's the kind of vision I got you. Jeremiah Smith comparison right now to me is no different than Julio Jones when he was at Alabama. Yeah, I agree with that. That, that, that, that's him. That is him. There's no weakness in this game, man to man bump and run zone coverage going deep, intermediate short. Hit your head off the goal post on anything. I that's everything. He's well rounded and does everything very well. Everything He does. So when I, when I compare them Julio Jones with some people might be Oh, that disrespectful. Slow down a little bit. You know, he's young. He's only a freshman. I'm telling you he's only going to get better. He's only going to improve.


He's only going to get faster, stronger, get a better understanding of the game. Dude, trust me, that's his comparison. And he, he will be the number one pick in the draft unless there's a quarterback that comes outta nowhere and just blows this all away. Right. Jeremiah Smith will be the number one pick in the draft. I'm not sure. What, what year would that be? You got two more years. He's a freshman now. I think he's 19. But it all depends. See he can't come out until he is 21 because his class, he's a freshman now. He had been redshirted. Right. You know, hey, he can come out next year because his class would've graduated. But you can't come out until the class that you come in graduate graduated. So that's gonna put him two more years more. Dang. But guess what?


He good. He'd be making two, $3 million a year. Yeah. It ain't like, it ain't like the old days when you stayed in school. Maybe you got a challenge or a charger or you got some, you got a free meal here in there in That bag. Huh? They got, now they making, you know, they're making $800 million a year. Yeah. NIL deals. When you saw with the kid, the, the college kid that's going to Michigan got quarter, he got 12 and a half million quarter the quarterback. Yeah. He got 12 and a half million and he got some and he got something else. Oh. And he get tutored. Tutored by Tom Brady. Yeah. And he, Hey is he is? Have you seen footage of film on him? Is he really like that?


He like that. He like that. Yeah. Now put it like this. He was like that in high school. There were a lot of kids that were like that in high school. Right. But they like that in college. Right. Adrian Peterson was like that in high school and in college. Yeah. You look at him like, damn, Derrick Henry was like that at every level. Yeah. Adrian Peterson was like that at every level. Yeah. Ed like that at every level. Some guys, it doesn't matter. Randy, Jerry. Yeah. Even though Jerry went to Mississippi Valley, people like, oh, he only doing that because look where he doing it. Okay. Right. They said the same thing about Walter Payton. Right. Look, he ain't doing it. He doing it against Jack.


Okay. He's all time lead Russia. Yeah. Jared's the all time lead receiver. So Yeah, it was, it was. That was a game. Ohio State. They, they, they put it on him. Oregon gotta go back to the drawing. Boy, boy. Yeah. Texas. Now this is the type of game that I like to watch. Hey, This was a good game. Listen, I don't know. I don't even know what the tickets, I don't know what the ticket prices were. I don't care if they was noses beat. I don't care if you were sitting at the 50 yard line. This was, this is what you call a game that's worth this money. I don't care how much it costs. Yes. I don't care how much it costs. This is how football should be week in and week out.


The Texas Longhorns beat the Arizona State while Sun Devils in an OT thriller. A double OT thriller. The number five Texas squandered a 16 point lead in the fourth quarter, miss two field goes in the final two minutes of regulation and still somehow managed to escape with a 39 31 double overtime win over the number four seed Arizona State in the Peach Bowl. Yeah. The Chick filet Peach Bowl. Yeah. Ocho. Hey. I know. Sorry. As I just texted him, congratulations. I wanna try to get him on here, one of these over the next couple days. So maybe we can, we can, we can get him on there. He's fly. They're flying back now.


So, or we would've had his ass over here tonight. Had him over here tonight. But man, this was a game. Oh Joe, this is how it's supposed to be. Ain't nobody trying to see no double digit. Everybody with him. I double digit. Hell, Listen. Listen, I thought, I thought it was, listen, the way it started out, uncle, I thought it was Arizona. The state was gonna get blowed out. Now. I I did Two this 14, what was it, 14 to, what was it? 14, 3 14, 14 3. Yeah. But they, man, they jumped out on top of them boys' head. I'm like, oh man, I'm finna turn the channel. I'm finna turn the channel. And then obviously things started to change. Things started to move And I don't know what's wrong with college kickers. Hell, I don't even know what's wrong with NFL kickers. You have one job, you do one thing the entirety.


Day of practice, you kick the ball. That's it. Texas kicker almost cost them. Yeah. Almost cost. They missed two key field goals that could have sealed the win. Now they did win the game, but ain't no telling what, what could have happened. Ain't no telling what could have happened. That goddamn damn cam. How you, how you say y'all young bull last name to run on the state? Sbo Ska sbo. Sbo. Is it sbo? Because they were, they was saying sbo. They say sbo. I mean, I'm, I'm confused. I mean, you know what I'm gonna call him. I'm gonna call him SCA pack. I'ma I'm gonna call him Scam scam cam SCA pack.


Okay. Hey, he's nice boy. He, He nice. He's a senior too. He coming out. Huh? Scoo Cam Scoo. Okay. Cam sca. Cam sca pack scab boot. I know you probably gonna see this. I know you probably watching the show. Listen, if you don't see it, I know my son gonna let you know. Boy, you the real deal boy. You hear me? He a senior Uhuh? Yeah, I think so. He a senior. Yeah, But we, you know, you belong. You belong. You he, he run the ball. Like he, he belong the police. He's supposed to play for the ravens of, of the browns. Yeah. He gonna brown. He gonna be a rarity. He gonna be one of white running back. We don't see. Yep. They don't come along very often. But normally when they come along on Joe, Hey, you know, you know he, you know what he gonna be like.


I'ma, i'ma i'ma give you a good name right here. Tell me if you remember this. Peyton Hillis. Yeah. Yeah. Little paid Hillis. Don't give up. Run hard If he get in the way, he, he can shake you a little bit. He got, he got a little, he got a little, little move to him now. Well you remember Hillis was in that backfield with Darryl McFadden and the the other kid that went to that went to the Cowboys. Yeah. What's the other guy name? I mean they were, they were doing it. You remember Fadden and what's his, I can't think of the guy's name. What's what's the guy's name? Guy? I know y'all people talking about Toby Gerhardt, the old Cardinal, Stanford Cardinal.


What's he was at Arkansas. Felix Jones. You remember Felix Jones? I remember Felix. I remember Felix Jones. Yeah, yeah. Gary McFadden. Yes. Only was in the backfield. Yeah. Yes, yes. But this is where a game's supposed to be. Quinn S 20 or 33. 33 22. Three touchdowns. One of receptions. They didn't run the ball particularly well. 30 carries 53 yards. Golden had a big catch seven for buck 49. Helm had three for 56 and ocho. Yeah. I think Arizona state's gonna be kicking themselves.


They kinda, I think they kinda let this one go. Yeah. You can't let that guy get over your head in that situation. Ocho no, that, that, that touchdown, that first touchdown in ot. Yeah, Ocho you can't let it, you Can't. I mean that's, you just can't, that should have been the number one rule from the coach. Keep everything in front of you. Nothing. Number one rule Ocho the number one rule late up ball game. Nothing cheap, nothing deep. Yeah. Keeping it front of you. Nothing Cheap, nothing deep. Yeah. I don't care if he catch a, I don't care if he catch a 50 yard ride in front of me. It's when you try to be the hero and get you a cheap pick. Yeah. That gets you in trouble. Yep. Ain't no way. Same thing.


You the last line of defense. If he's even with you, you are wrong. It's A wrap. It's a wrap. And ocho it was fought down. What? The 13 Ocho? You cannot give that up. You can't. Oh Ocho my, he on the gold line. I'm thinking as a matter of fact, I think they throwing a hail Mary. I'm on the gold line. My heels on the gold line. I knock it down. Knock it down. You know, you're not getting mad. Right. I better give you no cheap tub. Yeah, man. Yeah. IIII don't wanna, I don't even wanna blame the coaches. I don't wanna blame coaching as a player in that situation.


You gotta have some type of awareness, some type of awareness and understanding. Understand the situation that you are in and know. You just, you can't be, you can't get beat. Not in that situation at all. And if, if I am let him make a great play, but let me be in position. Yeah. He gonna make the play. At least let me be in position. And me, he have to make a great play, you know, to catch that Man. I was like, oh my goodness. Oh, fourth and 13 you give up that. But I think Arizona State showed that they belong. Oh yeah. Everybody was like, well they didn't belong that week conference and they didn't do this and this team didn't do that.


They play, they gave Texas all they could handle. Oh yeah. They definitely belong. And more ocho when you watch Quinn yours, what, what, what you think, You know, it, it, it's, it's hard to tell, it's hard to tell at this level. Obviously. To me, if you have enough, if you have enough talent around you, enough players at this kind of level, any quarterback can look good. Huh. So what kind of quarterback is ERs is this type of quarterback that go to the NFL and elevate the talent around him. Who's the kind of quarterback where he needs the talent around him that to be able to elevate?


Yeah, I don't see him elevating anybody. I really don't. And the mere fact that he's thinking about coming back lets, you know. Right. Because normally guys whoa, whoa, Whoa. Come back where He's gonna come back to Texasville, he gonna transfer. I don't see him go to the league. He not finna see the field before it. With Arch, Manning Arch. Yeah. Oh no. I mean he probably, if he gonna come back, he probably gonna come back somewhere else. But I doubt it's Texas because I he not gonna be Arch manning out. I mean, I've been reading, I don't know if these reports are true ocho but I've been reading that this some, some, some team, some some college team got $6 million in NIL money for Him. Right. Okay. Okay. I just, when when I just watch him, I'm like, bro, that ball that he threw that got picked.


I'm trying to figure out the loaf. The lo that he loaf it. Yes. That hospital ball. Yeah. I, I don I don't, don't, I don't know. I still don't know where he was throwing it. 'cause the backside safety and the front side was there. Right. So I'm just trying to figure out, so, okay, well, well who, what did you see? What did you, what did you think you saw? I, I know what did happen on that play right there. They ran it in practice multiple times. And in practice it was open. You know why it was open? You know why it was open? Tell tell the people at home what they say. They tell the stuff, the safety to do what? Jump the underneath so we can throw the ball over your hell head. That's exactly what he did. Ball anyway. Instead of understanding and reading your coverage, you know, and you just letting the ball go and it's not open.


Because that's the, that's what happens. What happens is we a you go draw the thing up and then the guy circle, okay, we wanna throw the ball. Now the guy that's running the scout team say, Hey safety, you drop the crossing route and we gonna throw the post over your head. Boom. Well come game time. Hey, can you drop this over? Can you drop this over route so we can throw the post behind your head? He gonna read it, right? Duh. You should read it. But you see what happens though, Joe, when you make your mind up pre-snap that you throwing the ball. Yeah. That's what happens. Yeah. Yeah. That's what happens. He had his mind made up. I'm throwing this post no matter what, bro. Ain't no way you, hell you read that and said, you know what, I'm throwing this.


And then he throws it, it like a punt. Yeah. That's gotta be on the line. But even if it was on the line, first of all, that was targeted too. 'cause the backside guy left his feet and hit the guy in the chest. Yeah. But they didn't a, they didn't wanna like, nah, we can't call that target and blah, blah, blah. Because they returned the favor because by the letter of the law, the Texas guy targeted, but they didn't want to impact the game in that way. He just said, oh, no targeting. But that was absolute target. Yeah. I mean they would, he wouldn't help the helmet. Yeah. And the other guy left his feet. He launched, they say you can't launch yourself and hit the guy in the neck of the shoulder area. He launched and they say, you can't use your helmet, the helmet crown of your helmet to make a tackle.


He went and helmet the helmet with the guy. Yeah. But it was like, man, we can't, we can't impact this game like this here, Joe. We Can't. They, they, they, they, they pick and choose. They pick and choose when to call it at. Absolutely. Right. They gotta find some level of consistency. When you making these calls. Texas had 375 total yards. Arizona State had 510 total rush yard. Texas had 53. Arizona State had two 14. Quinn ERs was 20 of 33, 32, 3 touchdowns, one inception. Sam Levitt, 24 46. 2 22. No touchdowns one interception. But that last interception, Muhammad made a great play.


Give him credit. I mean, sometimes O Joe, we keep blaming, we keep blaming the quarterback, man, you threw that, blah, blah, blah, blah. But you know the defensive guy, they they steady film too. Yeah. He made a hell of a play. Great play. And he didn't settle. Was just trying to break it up, up. He caught the ball, he caught it and it's okay. You know, I, I, you know, Hey, 84, you gotta make that play. Hey coach, you get paid too. You think, you think Bronco player the only one to make money in the NFL? Right? Right. And they study film, and they got coaches too. Oh, okay. Yeah. So, hey, I understand I'm supposed to make the play, but you know, it's the NFL. Everybody can make a play.


I'm gonna want win win more than I lose. Yeah. But hey, that guy made a hell of a play on that interception at, to, to, to seal this victory ocho. Yeah, he did. But you can't get beat on fourth and 13 OCHO with the top or tub. You cannot, you can't ocho you cannot At all. I was like, bro, I said, are you? I said, are you serious? That that should, that that, that should have been a conversation had with the d the, not just the head coach, the defensive coordinator, the DV coach, the secondary coach. The who, the man up upstairs in the booth don't get bit beat deep. You can't, you can't Nothing cheat nothing deep.


I am not you, you will not complete this ball over my head. You're not. Because Ocho at worst case scenario, I'm gonna make you line it up at the end and try to run another series of downs in order to get the ball in the end zone. Right. Now the only thing, the only thing you can hope is that once that guy gets over your head, either Quinn, you was under throws him, or the guy drops the football, but you, hey, now it's outta your hands. See, I want, I want to play in my hands. Ocho. Right. I want to play in my hands. I get him on the ground.


That's all I gotta do. Get him on the ground. Well, you get him on the ground in the end zone, it's still a touchdown. You don't get no tackle for that. You gotta tackle him in the field of play or push your ass out bounds in order for you to get a tackle. Once he in the end zone guys and Ocho. Yeah. Can guys do me a favor college kid? If a guy get a first down, can y'all stop celebrating? What did you do? Hey, come on. Huh? Wait a minute now. Come on now. First guy, get kind of first down. Get that first down. When you get that first down, you got a No, I'm talking about the defense. Oh, The defense. Oh, okay. Yeah. You got a big hit on somebody. He got a first down. Oh, I thought, I thought you made a receiver. Okay. Okay. No, No. I'm like, bro, I'm like, what the baby, I missed something.


I said, let me rewind this 'cause I wanna see what you did. It's still a first down. Yeah. No, Look, look me college kids, they gonna celebrate that. I don't buy 'em celebrating. And plus Ocho, if you make a tackle, I mean as a defender, what's your job? Make a tackle. Yeah. You can't celebrate every tackle. I mean, if you get a, if you get a sack ocho, I get it. A tackle, tackle for loss, Tackle for loss. You get a sack. Ocho a big key third down. Right. You know you wanna do this. I get all that, bro. LeBron the guy get three, four yards and you jump up celebrating. Come on now we, we, we doing way too much with this.


I'm like, dang, They had they having a good time out there, man. Gee, Scatter a boo. Scatter abo three carried 143 yards, two Russian touchdowns, eight catches 99 yards. Had that guy not pulled his face mask, he gonna drag his, you know what, into the end zone Ocho scatter ball was so outstanding. He was named Peach Bowl offensive player of the game. Yeah. You don't see that very often. His name is Packer Bu Ska pack. Gabo ska pack. Well, ska pack Pack did something that you don't see very often. A guy winning def defense winning offensive player of the game from a losing team. Yeah. Yeah.


It's only happened, you know, Jerry West, Jerry West, the first year they gave out finals. MVP in 1969, Jerry West won the award on a losing squad. They lost his championship. Four, three in the final game, they lost on their home court again. Now you gotta go back to the end of football. Chuck Howley, he won Super Bowl MVP on a losing squad, they lost 16, 13 to the coast. Chuck Howley was the MVP. That's the only time that I can remember. Right. Somebody from the losing squad winning an award. Yeah. Now I'm not saying that maybe it's happened, I don't know if in baseball and somebody's won the A World Series MVP from the losing squad.


I don't, I have to go way back, but I don't, I don't remember it. That's what I don't think it's happened in, in, in, in the last 25, 30 years. But it just goes to show you just how outstanding that the, this gentleman was from the Sun Devils running and catching the football. He was, he was. He be, he be he belongs. When you're able to perform like that against a team like that, it lets you know you belong regardless of the conference you play in. Oh yeah. But you could, you can tell guys that the talent shined above. Oh yeah. You can tell. I mean he, okay, that's an SEC defense.


Right. And he went and got a buck 30. He went and got a, a buck 43 on him and he almost had a hundred yards receiving. So he had what, 200 and what's that? 242 yards of total offense. That ain't bad in two touchdowns against an SEC defense Look good when, When you, when you go, when you go play. And if you at a small school ocho, if you play a upper level, say you go to division two and you play FCS or you FCS, you play D one. Right. The talent is shine through Darius Leonard, when he played Clemson, he was at South Carolina State.


He had 29 tackles. Oh, he could play. Yeah, I played Georgia Southern. They were the, they were the, the one AA national championship the year we played them. Right. I dropped 2 0 2 on them. Oh, he could play. Yeah, Elon was the NIA national championship the year before I dropped 2 21 on them. Oh, damn. He did that. Yeah. And you know what, this is, this is another conversation that I always like to have. Where, where, where young players coming outta high school, they're, they're always so focused on all their offers and where they're going. And I, I I say it again. If you really like that, if you really like that and you, and you feel you, you're as good as you think you are, it really don't matter where you go.


Right. You can put up performances like that which you were able to do against better team, which you were able to do. Oh yeah, for sure. Better talent or being like scat pack and coming out there and performing very well against, I mean, it's just, you know What they ocho I think a lot of times when you cut on the TV and you see that, that horse you pack. Yeah. Or you see 108,000 at Texas a and m you see a hundred thousand at Georgia, you see 93,000 at Alabama. Right. You see 105,000 at Tennessee kids. Like I wanna play in front of that. That's all I, I mean, I, I, you know, that's, that's what I, I want, that's what I wanted though, Joe, because that's what I saw on television.


I didn't see no HBCUs. Right. But see I understand what you're talking about. But then now we, we go into the issue of, okay, I wanna go to these big schools where they have players that have been there before me and they, I get there and they tell me, oh, I gotta wait my turn. Or I might not trust the field as much because we have so and so and he has seniority over you. Not about, you know what, I'm coming in here to compete for the job, but you mean to tell me he has seniority over me so he probably gonna play before me instead of let me have an opportunity to beat him out regardless of what, what, what his grade level is. Junior, They had no choice Freshman. It don't matter. Oh. They had to play me ocho. Oh. You Think Jeremiah Smith was gonna go to Ohio State and have to sit behind somebody that's a senior or junior because they been there for what, two for three, three or four years and shit.


Man, please. Hey, you better get on up out of that then. 'cause hey, you know who coming? Hey, hey. They had to play B ocho? Yeah. Oh. What you thought? Oh, I was one of the future freshmen that travel. Right. I ain't just traveling. Oh, you could travel this week, man. Travel to do what instead? On the side line of my uniform. Oh, hell nah. Right. Mm. And, and, and, and, and and the first game, the first game we played Ocho, our first home game. Yeah. Man, I was so embarrassed. Ocho, I caught a go ball Ocho. Right. 56 yards got tackled on the one. Come on. Huh? My first catch in college. Hold On. What? Hold on. What you embarrassed for?


Man, that's supposed to be a 50 yard touchdown, not a 56 yard catch. Well, which banks? Steve gotta stiff you man. You gotta catch that thing and you know, get that, get that stiff arm back behind him. Ocho it felt like, I mean, it felt like I was running, it felt to me like I was running a slow motion. I was like, damn, is somebody pulling the ends on away from me? Damn. Whoa. Shit. Hold on man. They got the AC on in here. Tripping. You mean they, you, I mean, no listen, unc, if it's when you come to a hotel that Right and the hotel know you in the cold city, they should have all the rooms already set with the heat on. No, well see if you had an assistant, the assistant would tell them, Mr. Johnson, like his temperature set at a certain temp.


So when I get to my hotel room, the hotel is already at temperature of 68 degrees. Well how about if my, if my assistant didn't decide to leave me, that's been my assistant for the past five years, didn't, didn't decide to mother fucking up and leave, then maybe my goddamn heater would've been on when I got in this motherfucker. Well, I don't know if that, she say, she say first of all, as long as you cursing, she ain't coming back. Second of all she say she ain't no more for assistance. Listen, But you said you was looking for an assistance. Yeah, I was because I, I had to get a new one. I, I, I didn't Well the position, How she gonna be your assistant and she got her stuff to do. Ocho Hold, hold, hold on.


You knew what you signed up for when I, when you tried to holler at me That now you didn't tell her that I did. No, I gave, I gave it. Listen, I gave her the paperwork. I gave, I I I gave her the paperwork. This is what, this is what I come with. Like, are, are you, are you able to abide by these obligations that I need now? I I need help in my life. You paying for that? How much you pay for that? Huh? Because I know what I paid my assistant. Oh. I mean she make, make buy maybe I 1 50, 180 a year. Okay. That's, that's good money. Yeah, that's exactly. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That's exactly what I paid my assistant. Yeah. Yeah. And good money, Everything. You don't have to worry about nothing. Hey, hey, you get into the, you get into the car, the seat's already pulled all the way forward.


You don't have to do none of that. Hey, Mr. Sharp, like his bag, this bag his duffle bag. Yes sir. You like it's sitting next to him. The Yes. All that ocho. Yeah, but you gotta understand I ain't had, I ain't had that for two months now. So now I don't. I I got, I, I gotta feel, I gotta feel I got, I gotta feel a position. I don't got time to wait no more. I'm, it's a new year. It's 2025. I ain't got time to play. I ain't Re probably well, I mean with, with her busy schedule. She got a Netflix show coming out. She got another show coming out. She doing Hold on, hold, hold on hold, hold on. Before all that came along, you knew what the obligations were when you signed up for this?


No. Did you, did you relay that information to her? I did. It was in the goddamn contract. Oh, okay. Ain't nobody tell you to sign the motherfucking dotted line if you weren't gonna finish the goddamn job. Shit. Alright. Gwen ERs has received a $6 million offer to enter the transfer portal rather than heading into the NFL draft this spring, according to on three multiple power four schools are working to get yours in the portal ahead of the final, his final year of college eligibility.


6 million for one year. Ocho. Yeah. He, he got, he got, he gotta come back. He, he has to come back and continue to work on his game. 'cause when you watch court, when you watch yours, I need your play to pop out on the screen. Yes. I needed to pop out. When you watch the Joe Burrow in college, you watch the CJ TRO in college, when you watch other quarterbacks like the cam Ward, they pop out on screen. There's something special about those individuals so special. So he needs to come back another year no matter, no matter where it is and you know, pop out. I agree with you. I agree with you Ocho I don't see special. I see a good college quarterback, but I don't see special.


Right. I don't see, I don't see, man a must have a guy that say like, boy, they get him. He going great. He's gonna, he's gonna drastically change the fortunes. I don't see that right now. Let's see, let's see. I mean, he might come back and get better because nobody saw that. If you'd asked teams that were going to look at Joe Burrow before he came back for his senior year, Joe Burrow didn't see seem special, but he came back for that year. He was special. Mack Jones. Hell, if Mack Jones don't come to get that one year, Mac Jones ain't no, first, ain't no first round pick. Right, Right, right. Sometimes look, and I, Hey, I don't blame Mac people. Like, well look what? Yes. Okay.


Now can he make it happen? You throwing to Devonte. You got Naja. You got Waddle. Right? You know, you got a, you got a very, very talented team. It just goes to show you just how good he was. 'cause he kept Bryce Young on a bitch. And we see Bryce Young the next year. Wonder Heisman. Hey. And also look at the talent. This what, this is what I like about Bryce too. Now we saw him, we saw Bryce win the Heisman. But you look at the talent that Bryce had around him. Yeah, for sure. He thought he, he got, got to Carolina. He thought something was wrong with him. Then he gets benched.


He come back after getting benched. I don't know what the hell happened. I don't know what type of prayer. He said. Now he's back to playing great football. Look like the Bryce Young we saw in college. Right. Even in losing, he's in, even in losing efforts as a team and as a quarterback, he looks completely, totally different than he did when he first started. He did. He does. They just need to give him some talent. If you look at the quarterbacks that performed well, look at CJ Stro. Yeah. Look at what he was throwing the tank. Dale and Nico Collins. Look at what he was throwing to, yeah. Okay. Look at Caleb Williams. He got Roman Dunay first round pick. He got DJ Moore who just signed the contract extension. He got Keenan Allen.


Look at, look at what Daniels. Yeah. Jayden. Look at what he's throwing into. Damn. I mean, y'all want the man to come out. Hey, I don't care. Even Peyton man. Peyton Manning had Marvin Harrison when he got there. He had Marvin Harrison. He had Ken Dilger, I mean, and he had Marshall Fault. Crazy. Yes. As a rookie. He had two first Battle of Hall of Famers as a rookie. That's Lucky. Builder had been the Pro Bowl. There's another, I forget the guy's name. Oh my goodness. The other tight end. As a matter of fact, the court had two tight ends to make the Pro Bowl mark, what's his name?


Go back and look at 90 Teddy Stop scratching the couch. I can't think of the other, the other, bro. He was a, what's that dude's name? Because I traded, I traded helmets with Ken the Pro Bowl one year. I'm trying to think, what year was that? Hell, I don't even remember. Pro Tight in Down. No, no, no. In like the nineties. Yeah. Marcus Pollard. Thank you.


Chad. Marcus Pollard. Marcus Pollard. I remember, I remember Marcus Pollard. Hey, I ain't heard that name in a minute, man. Yeah. So, I mean, y'all want these guys to come out here and do spectacular things. But go back and look at your favorite quarterback and see what they were throwing to. Y'all do realize that when Mahomes became the starter, y'all know who he was throwing to, right? He had Tyreek, he had Sammy Watkins. He had Travis Kelsey. Yeah. Could I interest you in any of those guys? Two of those guys are going to the Hall of Fame, Tyreek and Kelsey gonna go to the Hall of Fame. That's what he was throwing to look at what Big Ben had to throw to, Oh no.


Look what he's always, always had to throw to. Thank You. Thank you. Hey, the Pittsburgh Steelers are just like Cincinnati when it comes to receivers. You know, that you, you notice that they, They after them always Have good receivers come through that channel no matter what. Cincinnati and Pittsburgh always. Yeah. They had plaques, they had Hines once you got that won the Super Bowl. MVP San Antonio Holmes. Antonio Holmes. Yeah. I mean, bro, y'all make it seem like, I mean, I mean, yeah. Give, give Bryce Young those type of weapons. And let's see, let's see. You gotta get a guy, something to work with.


Remember Marino, I think Marino what? I think Dure and Clayton got there with Marino in 83. They might've came in 80, it might've been 83. They might've got there together. But you gotta get a guy, something to work with. Damn. Penn State says resolved It says it. They wanted to do everything they possibly could to make a long story short. Ocho. Right. Penn State did not want Genty to get that record on their watch. Genty entered the game, needed 131 yards of breaking the record, of tying the record.


1 32 to break it. Barry had 26, 29 said in 1988, Penn State defense, stifled Genty holding him to a season low, 104 yards rushing. It's his first time not rushing for at least 125 yards in a game. This season, he finished 28 yards shy of breaking Barry Sanders record. Hey, listen, they they would, they would, they would, they were, they were popping a young bull out there, man. Yes, they were. They were. They, they would letting him have it. Now I thought, honestly, I'm just gonna be honest, honest with you, I didn't think he was gonna do well against Penn State because the level of competition he was playing, playing at or with or against for that matter and his conference.


But he looked, he looked pretty, pretty, pretty goddamn good. Yeah. He was breaking tackles. He ran hard Ocho he Ran very hard after contact. You know, I'm not sure, I'm not sure how many yards he had after contact, but Most of them, Yeah. You, he was hard to bring down the f the first guy never made the tackle. And the first guy never brought him down. Yeah. For the most. But like I said, Ocho, you look, you don't want that record. And my thing was that I said this on first take. I said, look, I know what Aston Genty is. Lemme tell you what I'm going to do. If that quarterback goes out there and throw for three 50 and three touchdowns, I'm gonna go to the building field, shake his hand and say, congratulations young man.


Good luck moving forward. But I refuse to let Genti run their ass to a victory. Right. That's not going to happen. Right. And they felt the quarterback couldn't beat them throwing the football. And he couldn't because you know, when you, when you take that running game away. 'cause they wanted to give him the ball, but I thought, and the problem is they fell behind. Yeah. You fall behind Ocho. That game was about to get really outta hand. Had the quarterback aller, he's doing the right thing by coming back. 'cause he's not very good I don't think, in my eyes, watching him play for the three or four games that I've seen him play, he is average. He's an average. He's an average college quarterback. There's nothing special about him. Yeah.


But if he doesn't formula that ball and they're about to go up 2021 to nothing, this, this thing about to get outta hand. Very ugly. And now you really, and that's what happened when you get ahead like that, guess what? You take him outta the running game. You don't have no choice. It. Yeah. But Genty, he ran hard. But they give him state credit. They say, we don't want you to break that record on us. And they did a great job of neutralizing him. Look, they need to go back and everybody that played in the bowl game, they need to put, add those yards to the total. You could do it right. Just add, just add Barry what he did in the holiday bowl.


Just go look it up. Barry had like 2 25 in the, in the holiday bowl. Barry's record is really like 12 games, 2,800 yards in like 40 plus touchdowns. They didn't count the bowl. See, they didn't count the bowl games back then. Ocho like they do now. Right? Barry had like 20 car and they took him out. Barry coulda had another 300 yard game. They talking about where they were letting take Genty out. Go look at some of Barry games and they, when they took him out, Barry was having 300 yard games. That's crazy. Look at what he did to Oklahoma. Look at what he did to Nebraska, what he did to Missouri. Go back and look at Barry's stat. It's the, even if GTE had a broke his record. The greatest college ru Russian season is Barry Sanders.


I think it's one of the two best seasons in the history of the game. Go borough. That 5,060 touchdown season right in the Barry Sanders. 2,800 yards and 40 plus touchdowns. Y'all, if y'all just go back and look at the numbers that Barry put up and you'll like, you'll get a better appreciation of j Barry Sanders college career. Yeah. And his sophomore year he backed up Thurman Thomas. Yeah. Barry didn't start, Thurman started. Barry read back punts and kickoffs. Yeah. That's, let that sink, let that sink in.


Many of you believe Barry is the greatest running back in NFL history and he had to sit started What year? That's crazy. That's crazy. It was, it was what Joe Burrow did that season there. You're probably not gonna see it again because you're probably not gonna be able to find two receivers like Chase and Jefferson. Yeah. And then when you combine Marshall and then you had to tight end or Randy Moss son Thaddius tha or you had Clyde Edwards Alay, you had Joe Burrow throwing the ball. You had an offensive line that was the best in college football. You got the perfect storm. Yeah. And you get the perfect storm.


You saw it. I mean the got through for 60 touchdowns. That's 60. And look at, and look at some, look at some of the staff, what he did to Georgia, what he did to Clemson, what he did to Alabama. Say, oh man, this some straight up bull diggity. What I told you they was gonna do. Sequan Barkley will sit out a tell in the final regular season game against the Giants putting an end to his chase of single season rushing record with silly with Philly's post-season seating secured. Nick Sirianni will be resting. His starters. Saquon told Philly reported De Devon Kaney at 94 Whip.


He's at peace with the decision. What I, what did I say? Hold on. Coach Asked me, you know what I like to do? We had a conversation and you know, and called me back, let me know that we're, we're probably gonna be resting. And my reaction was kind of like I told my family, obviously my family, you know, probably wanted a little bit more than me. But at the end of the day, the most important thing is winning football games and winning the playoffs. So I got a bigger goal on mine. Even even listen, he That was all pc. Yeah. That that was all pc. I told, I I told, I told you what we were gonna do.


Listen, you have a player in Saquon Barkley that is on a historic season. On a historic, historic run. Now I understand the bigger picture obviously is getting, getting to the, getting, getting the Lombardi trophy. You know, You can do both. You can do both. You can do, there's a milestone that he had the chance of reaching and we talking about Oh, we, we wrestling our starters. I told you they were gonna do that. I knew they were gonna do him like that. I knew it. I knew it. Oh, Joe, I, and I'm not, I'm speaking from experience. We had a very similar situation with Terrell Davis. Yeah. Terrell Davis need 170. 171 yards.


Yes sir. 170. He got one. He need a, the last game of the season, we had home field sold up. Right. We're 13 and two, the worst we could be was 13 and three. The Jets couldn't catch us because they were 12 and four. Right. The best they could be was 12 and four. We had home field sold up the offensive line, said we want that record. Mm. Well hell we, he td they say they want it, let's go get it. Went. Got 1 78, my final game. And guess what happened in 98? OCHO went to and he went, ran for 1 99 against Miami.


The first game. Blew them out. He was out the third quarter, ran for about Buck 50 against the, the Jets and that game. And then went over a hundred again against Atlanta. Right, Thank You. So it could be, they make it seem like, well if he playing the final game, we, we, and he might get d bro, he might get dinged in the first player of the, of the regular seat to get the, the playoffs. You can't look at it like that. You run it back, you play football. I'm getting a, I tell you what it cost y'all $5 million for me to sit down or I'm gonna raise holy head, gimme 5 million. I'll shut it down And I sit down. I'll give something out of this. That's too close though unc, that's too close.


Even I need 5 million though, Joe. I'm like, what Denzel say I'm leaving with something. Yeah, I'm leaving with something. I would say quiet. I would've said, listen, you can rest a startinger. But I'm not, I'm not resting. I'm gonna play, Hey, I'm a backup. I'm gonna play. Yeah. For, oh Joe, do you understand how close that is? He's 101 yards. Jonathan Taylor just ran for 1 25. The easiest 1 25 against the Giants. And plus I want stick it to him. I want tomorrows, I want shown or whatever his name is, the general manager I want him to see. That would've been perfect. Can you imagine NFL Russian record against the team that let you go against the team that gave up on you against the team that said, you know, we don't, we don't really value not only you, but the position you play in which you can do for us.


Yes. I would love, I would love that. Come on man. And I think, you know what? Honestly, I think that call is coming, coming up from, from somewhere else. And at Tom Brady Somewhere else. When Tom Brady broke that record, they ain't have nothing to play for against the Giants. So didn't Tom Brady went out there and got the record. Randy Moss went out there and got the record. They had nothing to play for Now, okay, they lost the Super Bowl. But do you think them playing in that game had anything One doesn't have Y'all trying to make it exclusive. Well, if we do this, we can't do that. Nah, man. Oh hey, he better than me because I'm like, bro, 101 yards.


As soon as the first offensive series would've happened, I would've been out there with my helmet on, Hey, hey. I was like, Hey guys, I got, I got a hundred thousand. If we get this record about a half each offensive line will get a hundred fo As a matter. As a matter of fact, everybody on the offense. I got 105 for you. 'cause guess what, Ocho when you, you sign, when you, when you go to that autograph signing now you, you you, the single season Russian League and you write 2106 or you write 2120, you make that back in one signing. You understand your life, your life. Can you listen, Quan is already that boy anyway. Yes. Can see what happen through his life.


If he gets that Russian record. I'm listen, I'm telling you because I don't, like I said, I don't sign that much guys. I only signed about once every five years. I'm good. But when you put that insignia now you could just get the name. Okay. Saquon Barkley 26 now single season Russia leader. Oh, that extra, that extra, that extra. Yeah. Every, every inscription is extra O-P-O-P-O-Y extra. If he's sports enough to make it in the hall of Fame, HOF that's extra Excellent. Yeah. Oh man. And then I have a question, huh.


In the history of the NFL when it comes to running backs, has there been any, to go back to back 2000 yard seasons? No. There's Never been a 2000 yard. No. Derrick Henry had the best chance. Derrick Henry had about 1100 yards and nine games and he got hurt. He went 2000. He was on another histor. He was ahead of the pace in which he rushed for 2000. But he got dinged and missed Our whole point of why when you have the opportunity to do it, to make a change, to make a difference, to make history, you take it. Yes. Take it. Because you're not gonna get the opportunity again, the chances of doing this again are slim to none. Slim to none. Yeah. But it is what it is.


I Think about that. The NFL is over a hundred years old. I would've had the greatest single season rushing in NFL history be greatest. Okay. Somebody break that record. But you know who record They broke mine. That's who record they broke. That's just, Hey, I, I'm just being honest guy. I'm just being honest. I'm just too close. I I I, I honestly, I'm just too close too. 101 yards and and he's played his tail off. He probably looking back like, man, man, some of those games that I, I went out let them other guys I could have, it might've been a situation I've been only like 50 yards and then 50, they might've let me get it.


Let, I just hope, I just hope they make a run in the playoffs. I hope they make a run in the playoffs. Especially taking this route, obviously wrestling the starters I want, I want, I want, I want the Eagles to, to make a run because I, for, to me or as, as for Saquon to say the rest and have the chances of getting an individual accomplishment of that magnitude or either leading rush of all time. Right. And the, the first round you mean to tell me, God damn, we going home and I set out and I've rested for this shit. Oh hell no. I mean, I'm old enough, I'm old enough to remember when Ed broke the record in 1984. Yeah.


So to like, to see a record and to see somebody break it again. I almost, when, when, when Danny Marino, because those two records happened in the same year. Danny threw for 5,000, ed ran for 2100. That happened the same year in 1984. I'm old enough to remember when Peyton broke the record, broke the touchdown record. He threw 49 Marino had 48, and then Tom Brady in, in 2007 through 2000 through 50. And to see, like, to see the records, you know, happen, you know, I remember when Gaston, when Gaston broke the exact record, I Mean, to, to see the like, not just like, well I was a lot, but I saw, I saw it, I remember it.


Man. Damn sa Choir. You done ruined my week. They, I started hearing Whisper. I don't know, we gonna talk to Brass. That's why I said what I said last week. I know, I know the game. I know how they gonna play. They gonna play. They they gonna play every, every time. Well, he already got it. He already got, he got the money, he got, you know, he had 500,000 if he first team all pro. Yeah. He had another what, two 50 for the Pro Bowl he had. If they, if another fact he's, well he's made 1.2 or 1.2 50, But even forget the money, forget the incentive that he is already reached. I'm talking about the milestone of being the all time leading rusher in NFL history.


Yeah. You don't pass up that opportunity. You don't because it's not, it's not going to come again unless you playing fucking Madden. Oh. You can't miss that. So many things have to go right. You and, and, and you are running back Ocho. Think about it. That man got 300 plus carries. Okay. That's running the football. How many passes has he caught? Okay. Hitting the ground, getting tackle. I understand the ones that he did, but what about, I ain't talking about just the one tackle. What about they hit him, he hit the dirt and then another two, three guys fall on top of his ass? Yeah. Nah, hell no. Gimme that record. Damn y'all.


I'm sorry Chad, but I, I really wanted to get it. I mean, I ain't got, look, I'm a fan of the game. I'm a fan of history and I just like, I like to see records broken. I really do. Sorry, ed, I was cheating And sa I would cheer For him too. Yeah. And Saquon is the right person to break it too. A good dude, real good thorough dude. Who that Saquon. He's the right person. Yeah. I, I, I've a couple times I don't, I don't really know him that well. Ocho you know, go to the Super Bowl and you see a lot of these young guys. Yeah. But he seem like a standup dude to me. And I want break the record Real thorough. Real Thorough. And I was gonna be the first when he broke the record, I'll be waiting and as soon as he broke the record, I was gonna hit dial on Ed's number.


Oh man. The Volume.