
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the Wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City Branch terms and more@applecard.com.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker On. the latest season of my podcast, Against the Rules. I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules Listen to Against. the Rules on the iHeartRadio app apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA Cup is here you can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us. As you watch the Eagles beat, the Rams 30 to 27 Sequan Barkley ran himself way up the MVP Board OCHO with a historic performance, an eagle record, and the ninth most rushing yards in NFL history. 26 carries 255 yards, two touchdowns, two runs over 70 yards or more. Mm. And thank you for joining us. As I said again for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite UNC Shannon Shark. He is Liberty City's own bingo ring of Fame, Monte Re, the Pro Bowler, the All Pro. Hmm. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him ocho. Please make sure hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


Guys, we want to thank you sincerely from the bottom of our heart. Everybody here at Nightcap for all your support. Hopefully your continued support. You've been with us, you've been our audience, you've been our listening ears, you've been our viewing audience and so we want to thank you very much and hopefully we can continue to entertain you, educate you, and inform you. Please make sure you go check our shape by La Porter. We have an abundance in stock because it is the holidays. You have Thanksgiving on Thursday, then you have Christmas and you have New Year's right around the corner. we want to make sure you have a very, very festive holiday. So we've stocked up and if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, order it and we'll get it to you asap. And please do me one more favor, please drink responsibly.


Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's Sheha Media and my clothing company. I'm wearing a T-shirt 84, but Black Friday sale just launched. Items are up to 50% off. Shirts are $20 off. Hoodies are $40 off. All Ts and hoodies are back in stock. Nightcap Club Shaha and 84 even the shirt I'm wearing is back in stock. Everything is in stock. And you know what, Ash discounted it way too much. But she was into Christmas spirit, she's in the holiday mood and she wanted to make sure everybody had an opportunity to purchase something. So hopefully guys, we've discounted it. You guys can get something for the holidays and hopefully Christmas right around the corner.


We'll make sure we get it to you before the holidays. Quantities are limited so make sure you grab yours while supplies last. We also have beanies and sleeves. Would you put your beverage in? Do we have one so I can show what we have ies, the beverage sleek. But the, the beanies, as you can see, they're in gray and black with the coozies and we have what is, what else is that up there that I can't see. Oh, okay. Both the coozies. Okay. Alright guys, let's get into this game because Sequan Barkley went off 26 carries OCHO 255 yards, two touchdowns.


That's the most rushing yards in a single game in Eagles history. That's the ninth most rushing yards in NFL history. He had two runs of 70 or more yards. He has that kind of ability. That's what you get when you get a sequan. And if you ask me and you're asking me, this team looks better than the team that went to the Super Bowl because of two six in the backfield. If you look at their defense, you look, look at that defensive line. You look at Jalen Carter, you look at sweat, you look at William, you look at those. Brandon Graham, they could attack. They're attacking the quarterback. Yeah, they don't give up nearly the big plays that they gave up last year.


They don't give up nearly the points that they gave up last year and running back. Let me give you, so fill in on something, I'm gonna fill you in on something. I don't know if you watch film or not, but when 17 comes you better go to him because he gonna sit you on your ass. If you sit there and try to catch him, he gonna run you over. Yeah. You better close the distance. Lemme tell you something. I don't know if you running back. Coaches told you this, you better shut down the distance. You letting him get ahead of steam and you try to catch him. He gonna sit you in the quarterback's lap every time, loads the distance. Don't give him a two-way. Go and sell out. That's the only way. But if you let him get ahead of steam and you try to catch him, he's gonna sit you in the quarterback's lap.


Ocho the Eagles look really, really good. They look really good for the very simple reason. Defense is playing much better. AJ Brown is still him. They got guys that can make the tight ends are really good, but it's two six. He's a difference maker. Yeah, he's a D But if you see, did you see what they did? Ocho Jalen Hearst threw the ball 22 times they ran 45. But listen, now I know another team. Yeah that got a very similar situation. Yeah, but they wanna do the flip. Baltimore, You can go get the guy, you can go get your quarterback, the MVP and be home. Or you can have an opportunity to be playing in the Super Bowl. The choice is your take off. Ocho what did you like about what you thought with the Eagles Man?


O Obviously when you running the ball like they did tonight, when Sayquan is doing what he's doing, hitting his head off the goal pole two runs is 70 yards or better. You don't have to throw the ball that much. You know you have to, you have to dish it as much as you can to keep AJ Brown happy. Keep the tight and happy, you know, still run your offense. But it takes so much pressure off Jalen hurts when Saquon barking and do some of the things he does. And listen, every time we come on here, we talk about Saquon barking. What he wood he's been able to do this season. Unc, I always come back and ask you and say the same thing every time. What the fuck with the giant, oh shoot. I'm sorry, my bad. Oh, Joe Saquon was going to be saquon. He couldn't do this because their quarterback isnt Jalen Hertz.


You need a competent guy because I'm gonna stack the box. See I can't stack the box with Hertz because I got, I got a a a, you still got the aj and you have Devonte who was out and I got Jalen Hertz, who's a competent quarterback who can throw the ball. So Saquon is gonna be saquon. Don't get me wrong. Yeah. So don't people that like, listen to what I'm saying. He can't be this effective because you you because they're gonna stack the box. Right? 'cause I don't believe your quarterback can beat me. I believe Saquon can beat me. Now what do you do Ocho? You play a light box. He gonna go for 2 55, right? You play eight. Try to try to sneak somebody down there. Now you got AJ working one-on-one. You got Devonte working one-on-one and you got the tight end garter and you got the other tight end.


So you can't do that. So, but he's gonna be Ocho you know, he's on pace to break the NFL record. He's now on pace to run for 2151. The NFL record is 2105. That's how good he is. You know what? He's, He's he's been, he's been everything. I know they thought they was gonna get this kind of guy because he has something to prove. He like, oh, y'all don't want me. Well, lemme go and take, lemme go and take this 15, 1600 yards. I'll take it on to Philly. Listen, you gotta understand, you know, he has that kind of chip on his shoulder for one. You don't wanna pay me. Not only that. Now not only you not wanna pay me your franchise tag me and you let me, and you basically telling me, you know, we don't think you have any value to us. Especially for a long-term contract.


He definitely got a chip on his goddamn shoulder. He definitely do. Now, another thing on the ba on the back, on the back end of that, I don't think the Eagles defense is playing so well last year, remember they started 10 and one. Yes. Obviously the previous season. And then I don't know what happened. The goddamn barrel fell out. The goddamn bottle, the, the bottom of the barrel fell out last, last year. Deep From a defensive perspective as far as tackling big plays this year is completely different. They're playing completely different. I'm not sure what they're doing different defensively as far as the play calls are. Play calls are concerned. Obviously they're new pieces, new pieces to the puzzle that are a part of their defense. But with Saquon Barkley, I think they have an opportunity probably to get back, probably to get back to the Super Bowl.


Especially if they, they go on a playoff run, they gotta go Through the lions. Yeah, yeah. That, that's, that's one, that's one problem. But again, Saquon Barkley takes so much pressure off of the damn off, off of Jalen Hertz, man, his dude, he's, he's having a phenomenal season. Phenomenal season. Big Fangio, who's the new DC is doing a great job. Big likes to play cover two. Well you can play cover two when you got those dogs, you got the front seven that can start and, and run. Oh be Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And your safety don't have to get involved so you don't have to sacrifice your back end. And so now you got Carter, you got sweat, you got Graham, you got Williams, you got Davis, you got a defensive line that's dominated. Jalen Carter didn't have a sack tonight, but you saw the constant double teams.


You get Sweat gets one on one. Now you give, Graham gets one on one, you get Williams who at Ack, he gets one-on-one. Right. Davis is hogging up and doing a great job of taking on blockers in the running game. Nicole Dean is all over the field. Zack Broun, who's a name it doesn, he's, he's not Heritage. He doesn't get mentioned like Fred Warner or B Wags. But that Joker who watched him watching, when you watch The Eagles tell me 53, don't jump off the tape at you. Yeah. Tell him he don't jump off you like damn, Every time He's the greatest compliment I can give him O Joe. That's a hard play in Jesse. Man. Boy, he all over the field, boy. He, he all over the field. That's a hard play. Jesse, their boy.


Yeah, I like, I like that. But this team in my eyes, they look better than the team because, because they got 26 the team that went to the Super Bowl and they ended up losing, they played really well. This team looks better. Yeah. Because of two six. They got a guy, now you can hand him the ball and he can hit his head on the goalpost from anywhere on the field anywhere And You can give it to him 25 30 times. And if you give it to him that many times, he's gonna get you 1, 1 20, 1 50 as we saw tonight, 2 55. And he made it look easy. Now he was playing without one of the, the best two, one of the best B receivers in football in Devonte, aj You know what AJ is?


He's a big physical receiver that can play through contact. Tremendous run after the catch. Oh yeah. And he's a lot faster than you think. 'cause he can get behind you. The Eagles look better in my, to my eyes than what they look when they won the Super Bowl ocho. Yeah. And I'm, I'm, and you know, the most most important part, the most important part for me, not really for me, for them, it's how you gonna look and how you gonna play on the back half of the season after Thanksgiving. Can it be healthy? Bingo. We, We, we've seen Devonte getting it. He's out. Yeah. Hamstring. We saw AJ miss some time hamstring. Can they be healthy? Because that's what it is at some point in time, Ocho you know, as it gets late in the season, it becomes the war of attrition.


Right. Who's, what team is the healthiest, maybe not the best team, which team has the better health and that's all that matters. Yeah. Because if you start losing key players at the most inopportune of times, yeah. It's hard to beat these top tier teams. The likelihood of you beating the lions without one of your two best players. If the likelihood of you beating the Eagles without one of your two best players or Green Bay. We're starting to see Green Bay start to get it going. Ocho So the the, the NFC is about to get really, really interesting. We thought the A FC, we see Buffalo, we see Kansas City, we see B more Pittsburgh. Even though they had a a, a a a tough loss on Thursday. Yeah. The charges don't, Hey, don't discount the charges.


Hey, you saw my Broncos, huh? Hey, you don't look die. Don't look die. Don't. No, no, no. Don't, don't do that. I'm you guys. What team did you just say Broncos? My Broncos. Oh, They was, all right. Well the, the Bengals we had we on a bye week. The only way y'all don't lose, that's the only way you can't lose you on bye. And the BI took y'all to overtime. I'm just saying man, but the Eagles look good. Ocho the Eagles look really good. They got after the, they got after the Rams, they got, they got after Stafford, they sacked him five times. Kyron Williams had a costly turnover early.


But look, this was about the Eagles. This wasn't about the Rams because I think the Rams are okay. The do thought they had a chance to get to the Super Bowl. I never thought that because I didn't think they had a, they didn't have enough depth on either side of the football on Either side. Yeah. Okay. Listen, before, before, before you go, like that Ram defense, that them two goddamn, two rookies verse and Fisk on they on they the real deal. Who Which one? Verse verse. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, the number zero. Yeah, he ran, he ran Slap Milot Milot 6 8 3 what? 3 33 40. Yeah. Listen, I I know they might have lost night. Them two, them two rookies from Florida State first and fifth are the real deal.


Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. They, They, they popped out on film all year long. Now I know it, it didn't do any justice tonight based on what the Eagles in Saquon were able to do. But they gonna be all right as far as winning the Super Bowl. Maybe not, maybe not this year. And I don't know what they gonna do offensively, especially with Cup and, and, and Puka. You know, you, you would think because once they got back healthy, it would give you an opportunity, you know, to challenge or compete in that, in that NFC but just hasn't panned out that way. Even though both of those, tho both of those dudes are healthy. Yeah. They got some promise on that. They got some promise on that goddamn defense. I'll tell you that. Yeah. Versus number eight. Excuse me, I said zero number eight. I think the biggest thing is Ocho also offensive line is hard.


I mean, you give him a little time. I mean, sometime I ain't say you gotta give him all day, but Right, right. I mean, soon as he go back, his back foot hit somebody, hit him in the back of the head. Brandon Graham left. Brandon Graham left this game. So it's gonna be interesting to see. Do we have a, what is his injury update is because see another that's a pass rusher. That's a guy that can put pressure one-on-one, right? When they doubling Carter or they try to kick the protection of sweat. Here's a guy that can win one-on-one Williams can win one-on-one. All these guys can win one-on-one. You can't double everybody. No. And You can't constantly keep your tied in your back end the block. We don't, we don't have an update on branding Graham, but hopefully it's something that, that's not very serious. Ocho Saquon had 302 total yards tonight.


The Giants had 245 today. And we gonna, we're gonna talk, we're gonna talk about this Ojo. Yeah. What happened? What happened? Malik neighbors, Malik neighbors said, Hey, it wasn't the quarterback because you saw different quarterbacks, same results. Wait, he said that for Yeah. Oh, he hot. Yeah, they got the they got the rookie hot over there, boy. Yeah. Put The ball, put the ball in the man hands, man. Yeah, we don't know. Hopefully. But before we leave we can give you an update on Brandon Graham's injury. I don't wanna report what's, you know what with fans are jumping in the chat and saying, so hopefully if there something that will somebody Adam Schefter or somebody will report, or maybe even the Eagles when Nick Ani steps to the podium.


Oh, Brandon Graham is out for the season of the tourist tricep. God damn.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball the Blindside and Liars Poker On. Every season of my podcast, Against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling Listen to Against, the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts


Game that got very, very interesting. Ocho the Cowboys beat the commanders to snap a five game losing streak by a score of 34 to 26. In the last two minutes and 49 seconds, there was a 99, there was a bobble kick return. Hey, Devonte Turpen, Devonte Turpen, excuse me, picks the ball up and goes 99 yards. Four touchdown. Oh, that's the ball game. Nah, the commander says not so fast Jayden. Daniel says, I believe I have one more miracle in me. And it might not be a hail Mary, but I got a pass for you. Oh yeah. He finds, he finds mcc Carrie McClure. Yeah. 86 yard touchdown Ocho. We going to overtime the kicker comes on the snapper.


There's a, because here's the thing, Ocho people think it's just the pressure on the kicker. There's the pressure on the snapper on the snap until Ball down. And you see it kind of threw his, it threw his timing off because the ball was a little low. And, and, and the holder, he bobbled a little bit and it wasn't even close. It reminded me, I I remember thinking though, Charles, I was thinking to myself, you remember when the saints, they lateral lit the ball all the way down the field against Jacksonville, got the touchdown and then Mr. PAT, that would've tied the game. Yeah. Boy, that's a heart, that's a heartbreaking way to lose a game. Rules. You done all of that 86 yard, the crowd is in a frenzy. Your sideline is in a fren frenzy and then it's just so anti-climatic that you shank the PAT.


Yeah. Now you come back in Ocho, we going onside it Dallas scoop down, onside up and go in for a touchdown. I'll let you, I mean, and what I Go Ahead. How, how do I say this? The snapper, the holder and the kicker, they go through the same routine constantly. All week. All week. If it is repetition, repetition, repetition, repetition, repetition, repetition. And especially when it comes to a game like this where the game is on the line and it's on your hands and it's on your, and it's on your foot. You got one job. Yep.


You, you got, you got one job. The game of football is a game. Answers. There, there are very few plays, even outta 75 maybe one, two, maybe three plays at best. That makes a difference in the game. And when that opportunity comes, you have to take advantage of those opportunities. And tonight they missed the opportunity to give themselves the chance to win a game against a cowboys team that has been playing. You couldn't bear them. You win, you win this game. If, if if Washington wins this game, they buried the Cowboys, their season is over. Ain't no coming back. You three eight. You got six games to go. I believe your season is over because the Cowboys, they still gotta go to Philly. I don't believe they're beating Philly. No. In Philly. Come on now. No. So you could have ended the Cowboys season now.


Yeah. But you, Jayden Daniels prior to that last, last he had, he wasn't playing well, he wasn't seeing the field particularly well, Ocho, but I want to give the cowboys d d-line some credit they got after him. Diga, Micah Michael, yeah. Had two sacks. Yeah. They, they got, after the defense was flying around the Rico ell, they had a rushing the game. Look, it wasn't great. It wasn't great. Yeah. But 19 carries 86 yards. Caught the ball extremely well. And it, this was a makeshift line. Your right guard is out, your left guard is out. They move guiding, which was a great thing because all he does is hold, get penalties. And even when they brought his ass in, guess what he did? Ocho got two penalties.


Yeah, Right, right. Look around like what I ocho you know what I hate? I, I wish I owned the video board. Soon as they throw a flag, I know they go, look, I'm gonna cut the video board off. What you looking up there for? You know what the hell you did? You hell a man. That's why they threw a flag on your ass. Yeah. They be looking up there talking about You did it. It was you, it was you. Yeah. It was you. I'm like, damn son. And he talking about he don't know what, that ain't no hole. Yes. It's, but give the Cowboys credit. Ocho, like I said, Cooper Rush did a great job. 24 32, 2 47, 2 touchdowns. Yeah. They ran the ball well enough to keep the Washington off balance when they just couldn't pin the ears back.


Right. CD had 10 for 67. Schoon marker. I think that's his name. They just have three for 55 called a 24 yard. 24 yard touchdown. But they had some guys that make some big time plays today. And that's what you need to happen to go on the road and get that nasty taste outta your mouth. But those guys, hey, they got after the quarterback, they hunted the quarterback today and they did a great job of that. They did a great job. You go ahead. Yeah. I'm gonna say when you look at the Cowboys the last, the last four weeks, and you look at the Cowboys tonight, especially from a defensive standpoint, why in the hell do you look like they did the thing against a divisional opponent as opposed to not looking like that against everybody else? They've been playing.


Tell me. So we both know. I, I, I'm, I'm, I'm just, I'm just curious. I'm sitting there, I'm, I'm watching the game at the cigar bar earlier and I'm like, I'm saying to myself, well, but God damn. They show where it's playing. Well you know, they playing well offensively. I'm talking about all three phases of the game. Yeah. Whether it be defense, whether it be offense, how they was playing motherfucking good on god damn special teams. Well I think but you looked Like you look like shit against everybody Else. They did. Especially at home. 'cause they've been down by 20, 20 points or more in the last what, five, six home games. Yeah. And a lot of those home games, the games haven't been close. The only game that was close this year is that they came back and they were down by 20 against Baltimore. Right. All the other games that they've lost have been two score games. But the kicker, he missed a couple a day, which is, and he's a very reliable kicker.


Yeah. He had le I mean he has leg out of this world. But other than that, I thought defensively this was their best game defensively. I thought overall as an offense, they played well. They ran the ball. Not great rushing numbers ocho, but they ran the ball well enough to keep them off balance. Turfing who's turned himself into the best returner in in football. Yeah. If you, and they got him out of the world or the USFA. Well USFL, I think they got him outta the USFL. They got the kicker out of the the XFL or the USFL, whatever the case may be. And these guys are all pros turned into all pro players. But give the cowboys credit and guys, see how easy it is if you play good, we talk about you, we say good things. Yeah.


But when you play bad, I mean, what other choice do you have? Now I wonder if somebody's gonna go on the IG and say, Hey, call me on the phone and talk good about me. I'm just wondering you think that's gonna happen? No. What you if and they gonna call you and tell you talk good about You? No. Yeah. No, no. Tweet it. No, don't go on ig. IG posts and stuff like that. You think they're gonna play that? Oh, okay. Yeah, I didn't think so either. CJ RI steps out of the back of end zone four safety as the Titans beat the Texans 32 27 CJ RA performance with a mixed bag. He threw multiple touchdown passes for the first time since October 13th in Almo over a month. But he also threw multiple interceptions for the second time in three weeks and was sacks four time the Texans allowed will Levis to go 18 to 23, 2 73, 2 touchdowns.


Big long touchdowns in December. Houston. Houston faces the dolphins, the chiefs, and the Ravens who off offenses can score in bunches. KY fair Barnes missed 28 yard field goal attempt in the fourth quarter. Mark. Just the first, the fourth field goal. 29 of your yards out of 159 attempts in NFL season. This season. Two of those four misses are by Fairborn. Dang ocho. Yeah. Maybe it's just me. Talk to me now. What's wrong with cj? I don't, I don't know. He's not playing good. Yeah, he not. You gonna have, you gonna have Lus now unc, you know that. Right? You know baseball Ocho, he hadn't played well this year.


ocho, this is not a lu. How many interceptions does he have now? Ash? What? What do he got right? He got eight. Huh? Eight. Eight or seven? Nine. Nine. No touchdowns. Yeah, I'm off. I'm off by one. He got 14 touchdowns. Don't Joe. Yeah. Would you, would you consider, would you consider this, would you consider this a sophomore slump? They played 12 games. He has 14 touchdowns. You heard me? Hmm? Would you consider this a sophomore slump as a quarterback? I don't know. I mean I, I guess look, the thing that that's most impressive that you about great players or Joe, is that even when they get tape on you, you still have to account for him.


See I was very fortunate. I played against Reggie White with three different tee with three different regimes. I played him against him in 92 and we circled him on the board. Right. I played against him in 93. We circled him on the board. I played him in 96. We circled him on the board. I played him against him in the Super Bowl in 97. We circled him on the board. You don't think they have Philmont Peyton? Yeah. Brady Mahomes. Yeah. Lamar and I get it. You know Nico missed what, four weeks with that hamstring injury? Yeah, The hamstring injury. The old line hasn't been playing well, it hasn't been playing well either. TJ Stride been getting, he's been getting hit a lot at at quarterback getting hit a lot.


He just, I think it's, Something's off. Something's off. I don't know if he's injured but something is off. He just doesn't look as confident as he did last year. Right. Now the One thing that you can't do, you can't talk. Hey, you can talk about it but you gotta go out there and be about it. There have been a lot of great one. There have been a lot of guys that's had one great season. Don't you? Can you put 'em together? Yeah. Can you do it back to back? Yeah. Can you do it back to back to back? Yeah. Can you do it for four years? Can you do it for five years? Can you do it for six years? How many, how many times you seen guys go have a great season, go to the Pro Bowl Ojo, be an all pro.


He'll be able to put it back to back. But also if you look at, if you look at the Texans in the entirety of the season up to this point and see why he's been throwing the interceptions. You know, his decision making is not as sharp as it was last year with the ball getting hit upside the head every time he dropped back. Being rushed, not being able to go through hiss progressions, you know, missing a Nico Collins digs being out, you know, it's there, there, there are factors that are going in. Why the season's going the way it is so far this year for him, you know, from a a statistical standpoint, why I like it. Did what his why it doesn't look like it did last year with the historic run he had as a rookie. I mean there, there've been some things that have happened.


So, you know, he hasn't, he hasn't been able to come. Me personally. Ocho I think the digs is, is is less because he's only been playing with him for three months. Nico Collins, that's the guy that he has the relationship with. That's the guy that helped him win offensive Rookie of the year. Right. That was the Nico College was a Pro Bowl player last year. He's a very talented young receiver. He's tremendous. Can play through contact, can make tough contested catches. He's great run after the catch he can get behind the team tank. Dale is another one that's played. That's, that's, that's, that's really good. He only had three catches today and they didn't run the ball particularly well. They only had 17 attempts. But get Hey Tennessee's defense is good now.


They good now. Will Lever sometimes puts him in harm's way. Yeah, he turned the ball over a Lot. But you said I picked six boy. I know the coach. we want to put his foot in his ass. Yeah. Yeah. I Oh, I'm like, bro, everybody knows when they see you line up like that, if two people running the slant, they know the first slant is to clear the guy. He not gonna go, he gonna bait you. It's the same thing they got Brady with in the Super Bowl. Alpha Alfred. Yeah. He ba I I'm go. No I'm not. I'm gonna go right here boo. I'm gonna come, I'm gonna come off and go, go get it. You go Hit, you'll hit me right here and if I could catch it, I'm going to the house. Yeah, But if you look at Simon's and you look at some of those guys, man, they can get after your quarterback now.


They can get after your quarterback. Yeah. Harold Landry, they got, they got some really, really, really good talented players on the defensive side of football. Yeah. You look at one K guy, tight end caught a pass. 70 yard touchdown. Westbrook caught the air. 38 yard touchdown. I mean it was, it was the big plays that was really killing the Texans and Pollard, you got him boxed up. You got him for a four or five yard loss. Somehow he comes out of that for 27 yard game. How many times did it look like they had him behind the line of scrimmage Ocho He got it and he get first down he's getting 5, 6, 7 yards. You gotta fit, you gotta get the guy.


It's not good enough to get there. You gotta get the guy on the ground. Yeah. I mean if, if you get, if you force the team to shoot the ball, the possession don't stop. Don't, doesn't end until you get the rebound. Oh yeah. If you forced him into a bad shot and they grabbed the rebound, what the hell have you done? Well, if you get there, you get, you got the guy hemmed up and you don't get him on the ground behind the line of scrimmage when you got an opportunity. What have you done? Damn Texas. Gotta make a decision. The Texas look and this division, It's still up for grabs, ain't it? Well, yeah, if, if, if the coach can put something together. No, the Col look, the coach look, they played the lions.


They played the lions and Richardson made some throws, but there are some throws that he missed. He had pi wide open for that time and he overshot it. Listen, very inconsistent, huh? Yeah. Very inconsistent. You know, when throwing the ball, whether it be short routes, intermediate routes, throwing stuff that is under, under 12. Under 12 under 12 and, and five and six yards. And I'm talking about, oh, throwing, throwing bullets. Throwing bullets every, you can't throw everything Like you, you got I I call, I call it, I mean listen, I, they used to say you you gotta be able to be a throw of the ball. Yes. You got to be a throw of the ball. You know, there, there are multiple, multiple ways you can throw it, man, to get it in there. Make it a catchable ball all the time for your receivers.


Yes. Then everything don't have to be a goddamn bullet man. Yes. The Texans offense in the second half. Ocho 54 yards, three points four first down, never crossed midfield in 40% pressure rate allowed. Now you see teams believe now if we heat CJ up, we can cause them some problems, Right? Yeah. When your offensive line is playing bad like that, you, you can heat him up and call 'em some problems. Okay. Bringing Heat last year didn't work. Bringing the last didn't work. Well damn. How many offensive linemen did they, are they without now? Because it look like the same offensive line though. I mean, Chad, am I off? So who, who did they lose offensive line wise?


Hey, It's El Joe O Joe. It's okay that CJ's not playing. Well we can lemme ask you question. So Daniel Jones, we gonna put that on offensive line? Oh, they bad too, bro. Okay, we gonna put that offensive line in the Jets because we saw it with Donald. We saw it with Zack Wilson. Now we see over there Rogers. So that the line, so because every time a quarterback plays bad, we can't keep blaming the line. We can't keep shaping the blame. Now CJ said it himself, he's not playing well, he's not, I'm not saying the offensive line not adding to it, but we can't place all this at defeated offensive line. I did not, I said Shera not playing well at all. But I said also the offensive line in their play in allowing CS Strau to continue to get hit. Matter of fact, let me ask you a question.


Yes. I'm not sure what the stat is. What quarterback has been sacked the most in the NFL? Who's been sacked the most? Watch this. You Tell Mahomes, Mahomes is up there too. While you bulling. Did you see Mahomes running for his life? Yeah, I think he got sacked four or five times today. Caleb Williams is sacked the most then cj. Okay. He Oh, CJ second. Yeah. Okay. Where's Mahomes? Dang. They had Mahomes, Mahomes had to pick, pick him up and put him down. Don't yo, you know, he got one long run in him every game.


Yeah. Every listen, you know, you know, you know what that is, right? So did you don't, you don't wanna hit the quarterback. You think he going outta bounds? Yeah. And everything instead of going outta bounds, he he cut it up the field and keep on going, Hey, well you gonna go out of bounds 'cause I'm coming to knock hell at you. See, because if you remember they, they find, hold on. They, they, somebody who did I, the guy was going out bounds and the guy hit him and they called a, a a a personal foul. I said, so what You think I'm supposed to let him leisurely walk run outta bounds? Bounds? Yeah. I'm trying to knock Hit block off. The game is different. The, the game is different than the quarterbacks. Well some quarterbacks, especially Mahome, are taking advantage of the rules. Yeah, but I know he not gonna hit me.


Right. So I'm gonna get on, I'm, I'm gonna bend this corner and look like I'm going outta bounds and I'm gonna stay in and cut back in. Yeah. Okay. Hey, okay. But yeah, I look, it looks like they're gonna win this division. Yeah. And guess what? When you win your division, guess what else? Sojo. You get a home playoff game. But if you're not careful, you'll be one and done. Yeah. You'll be one and done. Because any of those team, any of the teams, I mean, 'cause guess what you might get Baltimore. Is that what you really want? Is that what you really want? Don't your In the first round? Yes. I don't want none of that.


Exactly. You might get Pittsburgh. Is that what you want? I don't want none of that either. So they better aid. They gotta find a way to get this thing done. The Lions defeated the coach 24 to six. The Lions have won the game again today though. 24 points they put up against the coast in Indianapolis seemed a little bit pedestrian compared to some of the recent weeks. They won nine games in a row and they're attending one of the season. Yeah. Nicknames Sonic and Knuckles give them Montgomery combined for three Russian touchdowns against the coach becoming the first duo in NFL history with 10 rushing touchdowns each in consecutive seasons today, mark the 11th time, both backs have scored a touchdown in the same game, including the playoff, which is the most such games by running back Duo in NFL history Ocho and are gi and David Montgomery, the NFL top rushing duo.


I'm trying to think about all the duo. I'm trying to think about all the Duos. Hell, I can't really think that. Look okay, you got two, you got a choice, you got them, you got gain. Well and, and and Saquon. Right? You got Henry and and and Hill. Who else have we got? I can't think of anybody off the top of my head. I mean, duo running backs. Can you? I I can't. You won't, you won't die. You won't die down. And Zeke, I'm just, I'll be an artist. Chad help us out here. I mean they, they they, they, they obviously are the best though, obviously. I believe so too. Yes, I believe so.


I mean the the funny thing about it, when you think about a one in a a one and two them two, there's really really a one in a one. Yeah. One that's really a one in one. The other is more power. Both can catch the ball. Both can finish if necessary. The the thing is with the other, the other running backs, Ocho Sequan is so much better than game. Well, Right. Henry is so much better than Hill. But these guys are like really, they're really like here. That's why they got both had double digit touch Russian touchdowns last year. Both got double digit Russian touchdowns this year. So they're, they're very comparable running backs. I can't think people talking about Brie Hall and, and, and Allen.


I think one of those guys got more touchdowns than all those guys combined. Yeah. Tampa got Irving and white. Yeah, they're good. But I think, I think, I think it's very safe, safe to say that Detroit has the best dual running backs. Best easy. Yeah. There's some very good running backs. Like we mentioned Tampa got a good set. Bucky Urban and White. You got, we just talked about ocho, we got Derrick Henry and, and Hill. We got who else? We got Ocho, we got Saquon and gain WellWell McCaffrey and Jordan Mason in San Francisco. Oh, Now that, that's a, that's a good one. That's A good one. But the bucks, the bucks the buck stop here.


They, they they got the best. Yeah. Now if you put in Lamar Jackson and Derrick Henry, we might be on something different. But we talk about running backs but they look good. I mean they look it was a, it was a quiet day. I mean they only scored 24 points. We knew used to seeing them put up 50 forties, thirties. We, we get, we get you get spoiled by performances like that. Yes. You get by performances like that. And today they, they look like a, a, a regular team. Not what we saw the past two weeks. Yeah. They had 133 yards, 137 yards rushing. Jerry Golf was 26 or 36. 2 69. They got after they pressure buckner them Franklin speed, they got after them a little bit.


Roughed them up a little bit. But that's what you have to do. You find ways to win even when we don't play our best ocho Yes. Yeah. We're still beating teams by three scores. That's no, you got a good team when you don't play your best, you are on the road and you can still beat a team by three scores. Clean game. You didn't, you took care of the football. What you have. They, they had one fumble but they recovered it. You can't complain. They're, they're really good. Somebody gonna catch Look, it looks like they're gonna get home field throughout. Somebody gonna catch hell going into that building and beat them. Yeah. Somebody gonna catch you. I mean you gonna have to play, you gonna have to play a flawless football game in order to beat this team.


The Vikings beat the Bears 30 27 in overtime. Bears lose for the fifth time. Sam Donald Hey, 2020 From 2020 From 2020 to 2023, his record was 10 wins and 20 defeats in 2024 alone. He's nine and two. Hey, it's amazing what happened when you put nevermind. I ain't gonna say that. I ain't gonna say that played well today. That goddamn Jordan. Jordan Addison, young bull. I salute you bro. Yeah. Hawkinson salute. Look, Ocho Yeah, I don't, might not like the way Jordan Addison like requested the ball. Right, right.


But I got no problem with the way he handled it. Right. He's like, look here, okay, I'm gonna talk but y'all gimme an opportunity. I'll show you. Yeah. Eight four buck 62 in a touchdown. TJ Hawkinson seven for one 14. Now if y'all gonna go, y'all gonna jump y'all and scrap y'all entire defense to try to shut down. jj, Justin Jefferson. Yeah. Okay. The other guys, y'all punish him. Yeah. Yeah. You gonna tell me you gonna allow two receivers for 15 catches to go for 2 76? Yeah. Do a touchdown. Long as 18 doesn't do it. That's what they're saying. As long as Long as 18 doesn't do it, do it. And that, you know, it's a good thing. It's a good thing to put it on film too.


It's a good thing to put it on film. 'cause now what you're telling coordinators from this point on at nine two, y'all gonna have to pick your poison. Yes You have. You gonna have to pick your poison. What you wanna do. You wanna stack the box. You wanna stack the box and try to stop, stop Aaron Jones. Or you wanna double? Yeah. Aaron Jones ran for 1 0 6. Take man take your, take your pick man. Take your pick. Remember he got fumbled early too. Ocho not to cut you off. Remember he fumbled it like the three yard line. The guy pulled it out. Jonathan Owens pulled it out because they looked like they was about to score this thing early, broke the, some of their momentum. But addon eight four, buck 62. Big, big day Hawkinson, Sam for one 14.


Big big day. Now what y'all gonna do? We prove to you now. Some not, some teams say I'm gonna, I'm gonna give you one more week. Right. I'm gonna see if y'all can do it again. Do it again. I can do it again. Hey guys. Hey somebody about to catch hell because you gonna have to go one on one with, with jj and he chomp. He chomping at the bit. He chomping at the bed to get even. But look, Sam Donald, 22 or 34. 3 32 touchdowns. Aaron Jones. 22 carries a buckle. Six one touchdown. Addison ate for 1 62. Tub Hawkinson Sam for one 14. People forget now. Hawkinson went to the Pro Bowl. Hawkinson had a season where he caught like 80, 89, 80.


Mid high eighties, maybe even mid nineties. Yeah, He's, he's just working his way back. Remember Ocho, he tore his, he tore his a l last year got hurt. Yeah. So now he's just starting to get the rhythm back. Get a field like, oh man, this, he feel good. Oh, I can plan, I can cut, I can accelerate, I can transition. Yep. And you know, look, Minnesota defense they got after they got a little careless, got a little careless and let you know Caleb Williams can make plays outside the pocket. Now he can make plays. You best bet to keep him in the pocket because you let him get outside Now Ain't no telling what he gonna do. He's very well he's very, very, very well playing off script.


Yep. Yes. Caleb Williams was 32 or 47. 3 42. Touchdowns didn't turn it over. You could live with that. You could live with that. Moore had seven for a buckle. Six a touchdown. Kea now had nine for 86 in the touchdown. Cole was seven for 64. Look, they got some weapons now. They didn't run the ball. You put a lot of pressure on a rookie quarterback to ask him the ball down there 50 times. You gotta get some, I mean, you, you, you, you, you, you got a swift and free agency. Gotta use, gotta use him. Yeah, he got, you gotta get more, you gotta get more production than 13 for 30 out of that.


But guy, look man, we gotta, y'all gotta stop trying to look. Look, I understand fans. Y'all won't ever, ever flu ever flu, but you can't blame it for every damn thing. Everything. Yeah. Every week is his fault. Yes. It wasn't his fault that 29 was jacking off. Oh that. But the crowd we got y'all, y'all thought y'all won this game, y'all. Yeah. Yeah. We got and the play going on, don't y'all? Yeah. How that ever fault? Okay, guy got the field, got the kick block, but damn, I get it. I get it.


Y'all want the guy, y'all want, y'all want the guy gone. But damn, at some point in time, every time you lose is not on the coach. Yeah. My career. Explain why official couldn't use the boundary cam on the review. If a coach if challenged you cannot use the boundary cam. There's a boundary cam in every stadium. So there's a question of equity. What, what, what played it? Oh yeah, yeah. Oh no, that was what you call them when the 83 caught the touchdown and he stuck the ball out. Oh, What, What?


Oh, so that's what they got mad at him for for ever flu. Oh. Besides being the head coach of the Bears. That's what they mainly upset about don't you? Him is him being the head coach of the, the Chicago Bears. But clearly they're over him.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball the Blindside and Liars Poker On. Every season of my podcast, Against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans. And with the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling Listen to Against, the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The per list 49 ERs got clapped by the Packers 38 to 10 Jordan Love ended the streak of eight consecutive games with a pick by remaining at 11, which matches this total from last year. Love threw for 163 yards and a pair of touchdowns. But there's reason for concern given they played the dolphins in four days, Josh, Jeff, Josh Jacobs had to leave briefly but to be treated for cramped. But he, he had an unbelievable day. The Packers lost Romeo Dobbs to a concussion. It would be difficult for him to make the clear protocol. No it won't because we saw, we saw two get a concussion and play it on a Thursday night. Right. So, but I think what they've learned, they've learned from that it's going to be hard for you to get a concussion on on Sunday OCHO and get your ass on that field.


On on Thursday. Yeah. Thursday. Right. Because you condensed the amount of time, at least from Sunday to Sunday. Ocho you had Thursday, you had Friday and you had Saturday and Saturday. So you had three extra days. Now Sunday, you got Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and you play Nah, I don't see it happening. The Packers are likely, likely to have Jaire Alexander me or Rin Cooper Hamstring. The 49 ERs were without multiple key starters. The Packers veteran quarterback, Keshawn Nixon believed that's not enough of a reason to take credit away from them. And the dominant win it's the NFL. It's not an excuse. We didn't have our quarterback, we won three games. So We don't wanna hear that we came to play. They should have come to play OCHO at five and six with a trip to Buffalo awai.


How damn are the 49 ERs postseason hoops. Oh, it ain't looking good, huh? It's, it is not looking good. Especially we, we we who you gotta play next to? They got Buffalo. Not, not, not, not not su, I call him Superman. I'm not sure what you call him. They got Buffalo Sunday in Buffalo. You call it whatever you wanna, but that's who they got in Buffalo. But it ain't looking good. It is looking real grim. It is looking real grim. And that's even, that's even if everybody was healthy too. Even if everybody was healthy. Listen Josh Allen and them young and them young bulls over there doing something special man. And there's no, no disrespect to Shanahan and his team, but they playing different. Yeah. They playing real.


And most of the time when you think about the goddamn 49 ERs in this time after Thanksgiving around this time, they always go on the run. Not only did they go on the run, but they actually healthy when they do so. And they make it into the postseason. But it's too many question marks. It's too many questions. Question marks for them right now to say that they going, they gonna make a run and make half side of the playoffs Back up quarterback, you are asking an awful lot for Christian McCaffrey to miss half the season and to come back in and pick up right where he left off. Yeah. I don't Think he, I don't think he's fully healthy either. No, no he don't look right. Brandon Iuk is out. Kiddo played well today. Jennings Jennings. But Deebo one catch for 21 yards.


Christian McCaffrey three for 37. Look, I picked Green Bay to win. Yeah. I picked Green Bay to win. I just didn't think, I didn't think I, I Mean if, if, if you're a betting man and you're a gambler, man, I, I would hope with the injuries that the goddamn 49 ERs have you pick Green Bay to win. Yeah. I, I, look, I'm not so sure even more purdy. I don't like what I'm seeing for the defense. They're not good defensively. And every year at some point in time it seems like Bosa gets Nick, he's out Ward for personal reason. He was out the safety huff nigga, he's out.


What's, what's the he's really good 29 ocho. But he's been hurt the last two years. But at some point in time, Ocho the next man up. Next man up next. You got five next men up. That ain't gonna cut it. No. You might even go with one next man up. Yeah. But you start talking about 4, 5, 6 next men up. It's not, it's not the same. It's not the same. No. They got their work cut out for 'em. Now look, it's not, they're five and six. I think the best record in that division is six and five Seattle and I think Arizona, they play these teams that may I, I think they might be done, I don't think they play Seattle again, but I think they got Arizona and I think they got the Rams again.


But this is not the 49 er team that we saw last year. This is not the 49 er team that we're accustomed to seeing, like you said, that are used to plaguing. They're normally going in this direction heading into December and January and it seems like they're heading in this direction now, right? Going into December and January. Yeah, this is, but Green Bay, Josh Jacobs is unbelievable. And people are like, man, y'all gave up on Aaron Jones. Aaron Jones and and I, I, if they'd have kept Aaron Jones, I would've been disappointed with him. Right? But they wanted a younger, they went with a, I think a younger back that runs with a little bit more power. He can catch the ball.


Yeah, he catch the ball outta the backfield. Just like Aaron Jones. Aaron Jones is really good at catching the football. I was surprised Dallas didn't make a play for him. He was another guy that was available in for agency. He's from Dallas. He loves the Cowboys. Right? Look at his numbers when he plays the Cowboys. Especially at at and t Stadium. But hey, they went in the direction that they wanted to go, but they ran the ball 42 times for a buck 69. Jordan Love was 13 to 23. 1 63, 2 touchdowns wasn't the most efficient, but he didn't turn the ball over right. Long as he doesn't turn the ball over. 'cause remember ocho, he had a streak. He was turning the ball over every single game and sometimes he was turning it over multiple times.


Right? That's what gets you in trouble. But give him credit. Green Bay eight and three. Stay at a We. Don't want, we don't, because think about it. You got 10 and one Detroit, you got nine and two Minnesota, and you got eight and three Green Bay. Only one can win the division. Hold. Division. Hold division playing ball Except Chicago.


Also, before we go to our next segment, the Farmer's dog makes and delivers fresh, healthy dog food right to your door, developed by vets, made from fresh real meat and veggies. Food is pre-portioned based on their unique nutritional needs. Get 50% off your first box of fresh, healthy food at the farmer's dog.com/ Nightcap. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to farmer's dog.com/ Nightcap to get 50% off because we love our dog. You know I'm a dog lover. Old joke so much. We also wanted to show some love to our fans dog. Also, here are some of the pitch picks from a Night Capers Furry Friends that was submitted to us this week. The first one is Shadow from Theresa Book Brooks. The second one is Matilda, I can't even pronounce that name. Come with these killer name. Third is King Nino and Bella Christol. Dawson. Mila and Lola area. Oakley and Stormy from Cindy Ford. Tomlin. Tonka. They got a talker from Dragonfly Jones. Two Tonka. My Adam dog named Tonka. Number seven is Chancellor Bartholomew Bethlehem iv. Bartholomew. I like That. Number eight is cash. He's Asleep. Yeah. Number nine is Jax Jose. And number 10. Last but not least is aspirin. Lavender. Ms. Nicki F Miss do Titus in the bed. Titus will be like, Hey, hey, where my pick, I ain't got no pick up there again. 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at the farmer's dog.com/ Nightcap. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to farmer's dog.com/ Nightcap to get 50% off. Thank you for all our fans, Nightcap fans, for sending in pics, picks of your pups. You know we dog lovers here, so thank you very, very, very much.


Also, the fans demolished the Patriots 34 15 Jared Mul the hot water for what he said after the game on the Patriots mistake and performance. Look at, once those guys cross the white lines, there's nothing I can do for them. Well, I mean listen, it is not, it's not Listen, You can't say that though. Hey Unc, you got Wednesday, you got Thursday, you got Friday, you got walkthrough Saturday you prepare. He's done everything again. You have meetings. You got meetings on top of meetings. You have a meeting about a meeting. Yes. Based on the team you playing. You done watch film all goddamn week. He's done everything that he can do to prepare you for the goddamn dolphins. All three phases of the game, offensively, defensively, and special teams.


When Sunday comes at one o'clock, there is nothing that Rod Mayo can do for you. Athena prepare you for your team or that team all goddamn weak. What you mean? He can't say that? That's exactly what he, I mean he telling the truth. That's the problem. Oh Joe, it's okay. I we know, we know that. But you can't say that you the the coach, you talking like you a fan or something. You can't say that you're the coach. Hey, hey listen, he telling the truth though. I know you, I know, I know you gotta be pc. Yes, I know you can't say stuff like that. Yeah, because you coach. It is refreshing to hear coach tell the goddamn damn truth for a chance. Yes.


IIII just, then I can't do nothing for you Ojo. I can't do nothing for you. But when, when y'all didn't play well, you couldn't go out there and say, but man, Carson suck. Oh, nah. Now you know, It would be refreshing. Listen, you Know, I, you know, I'm not crossing that line exactly. IIII wasn't in a, I wasn't in a position to be able to cross that line for one. I was already the villain. I already tow the line. I already pushed the envelope. Now I definitely ain't Finn open my mouth and say no craziness like that. I know what a line Times that your offense didn't play well or the defense didn't play well or maybe you guys weren't as prepared as you needed to be. Right. You just bite the bullet. Say we need to play better, we'll play better next week.


Give that team credit. You know, they came, they executed better than we did. Right, right. They took care of, they handled their business, but hey, we, we learned from it and we moved forward. But there's something, Hey bro, you a coach. Yeah. Yeah. Eh, There's supposed to be, there's supposed to be always something you could do to help your team. Right. Whether you can or you can't, you say there's something we need to do it, we need to do a better job of coaching them up. Right. We got our play today. We got our coach today. But now we'll go back and look at the tape, we'll see what we did good. Which wasn't much. There's things that we can improve upon, which is a lot and we'll get better. That's what practice is for. Yeah.


We'll learn from the mistakes that we made. We'll coach 'em up better, they'll play better and we'll be better from it. Damn, I sound like a coach. Yeah, you, you know, you know it's One thing. I I will say One thing I can say what that for The Patriots, for the fans for Gerard Mayo. They found, they, they found their quarterback of the future. I can tell you that. Oh yeah, For sure. Oh, they found they god damn Drake may boy, but he nice, he tough. He Real Deal. They they done found they got quarterback. I don't care what Gerard Mayo said today. There's One thing. I know as a fan, as as a Patriot fan, you can feel, you can feel good about your quarterback situation. All you gotta do is Bill around him. You gonna be all right. Yep, be right. I like it. I like him.


Now you gotta get him some more weapons though, Ojo. Oh yeah. Oh Yeah. I'm surprised they didn't run the but you look, Miami is, is getting hot at the right time. Tour 29 or 43 17 4 touchdowns Clean game. Didn't turn it over. Jaylen Waddle broke out of his slump. Eight four buck 44 a touchdown. John new Smith nine for 87. A touchdown back to back week. Now he got three touchdowns in the past two weeks. Yeah. Devon h Ahan though. But I thought two threw the ball exceptionally well today. They did a great job. He only got sacked twice.


Hey, they gotta, they gotta get my dog cheetah going man. I ain't letting Cheetah beat me. Hey, they gotta get my dog cheetah going, man. They, they got, they gotta do something. They got, they listen man, put him in the backfield, put him at running back. I, I dunno man, do do something. Do whatever you need to do. Mike McDaniel, you're very creative. You're a very creative coach. But man, we, we can't have a season like we had last year with Cheetah. And then obviously we obviously we know God damn tour Ms. Gaines, but man, nah man, forget that man. I'm trying to get, I'm trying to get you the ball in any way possible, but I wanna ma I want you, you gotta keep young bull happy over there man. 'cause you know what they do, they love to use instances like this where the numbers don't look like they did lasting the first thing they talk about.


Well we think you done lost a step. No, I did, But they just, they just gave a contract ocho they just gave this year. I understand that. And, and you know, you know what they'll do to you after just gimme your contract. That don't mean nothing. Understand this business and how this business works. Go ahead, go ahead. Release me. I take my ass right back to Kansas City. Hey, he ain't going nowhere. That's the last thing. Do you want him back in Kansas City with, with with, with Mahomes? No. 'cause you might as well just put, put a goddamn trophy on the man right now. Exactly. Because now you gonna have him worthy, you know they just added a Quan Thornton to the, so now you got 4, 2, 1, you got 4, 2 7 and you got 4, 2 9.


Yeah. That's nasty. Nasty work. Word. I'm just running goals. I'm, Hey, hey. At at least every, at least there's not a pass play that I don't have a go ball included. Right. If Tyreek worthy or if Tyreek can worth it on the field if worthy Thornton's on the field, whomever there's a goal ball. Yeah. Every time I piece it out, the fans, like I said, Miami's getting hot at the right time. They're five and six. They won two straight 34, 15 winners over the, the Patriots 2 29 or 43 17 4 touchdowns. Jalen Water broke out of his slump.


Eight four buck 44 1 touchdown. And John L. Smith had nine for 87 on the touchdown as they win 34 15 The Volume.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite. Moneyball the Blindside and Liars Poker On. the latest season of my podcast, Against the Rules. I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against, the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.