
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn Up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City Branch terms and more@applecard.com.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Hoko from The Today Show. Nobody does the holidays like today from festive performances and great gift ideas to tips for the perfect holiday feast. Join us every morning on NBC and make today your home for the holidays.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


The holidays are here at the Home Depot. So let's get to decorating Find Your. Perfect Tree in our huge assortment of shapes, sizes, and styles. Like the easy to assemble Jackson Noble Fur with pre lit branches. Perfect for styling with all your favorite ornaments Or. the Flocked Starry light. Frazier fur With. over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that keep their shape so it's ready right out of the box. Ooh, find the Perfect tree now at the Home Depot and enjoy free delivery on most holiday decor Subject to availability. See home depot.com/delivery For details


With millions of books on Amazon, there's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Juan's ah, as he drifts away to Nirvana after only the first chapter is different to Maya's. Ah, when she discovered the narrator was in fact the evil twin, which is also different to Noah's aw anytime the cute cyberpunk is mentioned. Even though in reality he'd be totally out of his league from to to aw. Amazon books that reading Feeling Awaits


The Volume Volume. The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's called money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet just five bucks only on drafts, the crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit CCP g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms, and responsible gaming resources.


As a former NFL player, I know a thing or two about high performance and that's why I drive the BMW seven series. This car has everything I need. It's big enough, comfortable enough, andous enough to meet even my high expectations. When I'm behind the wheel of the BMW, I'm not just driving a car, I'm driving legacy. What I love most is the precision engineering, cutting edge technology and unmatched style. Whether it's spacious interior, the powerful engine, or the smooth ride, BMW makes sure every detail is on point. I trust BMW to deliver the ultimate driving experience and I know you will too. So why wait. Head over to BMW usa.com. Check out models like the sporty X three, the All electric I four. Build your dream car today and join me in experience in luxury and performance that only the ultimate driving machine can offer.


Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. As you watch the Buffalo Bills run rub shot in a snowy 29 degree night over the San Francisco. 49 ERs. 35 to 10, Josh Allen put, he solidified his hold. He was had, he was the favorite OCHO going into it as the MVP. I think with the today's performance. He solidified that his hold on, that also Saquon. He leapfrog Lamar Jackson. He moved into number two mm in the MVP race. So at Highmark Stadium it was 29 degrees. It was snowing all night, but somehow the bills found a way to keep their footing.


James Cook was sensational. 14 cares well over a hundred yards. Two rush touchdowns, Josh Allen through for touchdown ram for touchdown call a touchdown. He did a lot of other things for a touchdown when he was sensational. Tonight, the bills were sensational tonight and they win 35 10. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. Y'all know who I am. I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharp. He your favorite number 85 Liberty City Zone. Bingo ring of Fame artery. The Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's right. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. But you can just call him ocho. This is the UNC and OCHO at Nightcap. Guys, please go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from and we want to thank you because no matter what, no matter what else is going on, you find a way to come support UNC and Ocho and we greatly, greatly appreciate that.


So thank you very much. Make sure you go check out Shaa by La Portier. Hey, the holidays are upon us and we wanna make sure you have a very joyous and festive holiday season. What better way to do that when with than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter. Now if you can't find Shea by La Porter, any city or a state near you, you can order it and we'll get it to you before Christmas and definitely before New Year's and all. I always say this, please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company page on all of his platform, Shehe Media and my clothing company at 84. We do stuff like this. Our newest release dropped last last week and due to how the man, it kind of crashed out sight. So it caused a glitch.


We got everything fixed and so now everything is good to go. Please take advantage of our Black Friday and Cyber Monday. Sale items are Up to 50% off. Shirts are $20 off. Hoodies are 50, do $40 off. And in case that wasn't enough, we want to give you more. Give, give back to you guys even more. If you spend $200 or more, you will receive a free complimentary Nightcap hat. All you have to do is make sure your card is over 200 bucks. Add the hat that you want and then the hat will be marked as free upon checkout. All Ts hoodies are back in stock. That's Nightcap Club Shesha 84. And we have some other stocking stuffers.


We have Venus Coozies and mugs. Quantities are limited, so please make sure you grab yours while supplies Last. ocho, as we mentioned earlier, yeah, the bills defeated. The 49 ERs, 35 to 10 buffalo improves the 10 to two strangle hole on the A FC. Well, right now they're number, they're number, they're the second seed. Yeah, because Kansas, Kansas City is number one because Kansas City only has one loss. But if Kansas City were to get a second loss, Buffalo would vault to the number one seed in one spot since they beat Kansas City head to head. Yeah, Josh Allen threw for two touchdowns, rushed for another, and also recorded a receiving touchdown. When am Omari Cooper laddered him the football following his own pass?


Yeah, James Cook added 120 yards of total offense. A hundred over a hundred of your, those yards OCHO was rushing and a 65 yard touchdown run really put Buffalo in control of this ball game. And they didn't look back from that point. Ocho, as you watch this game Yeah, as you watch the bills, what impressed you about this game? Shit from start to finish, huh? They won the game before the game even started from start to finish in all three phases of the game, whether it be offense, whether it be defense, they dominated the game and the conditions, you can't use the conditions as a reasoning because hell Buffalo did it. Yeah, buff. Exactly. I was getting ready to say the same thing. They were able to run their offense, they were able to play defense. They were able to, they were able to do what they needed to do on special teams as well.


They listen, they dominated the game from start to finish. Josh Allen looks completely different than he did last year. Obviously they did have a winning season, but he's been superb and superior with protecting the football. Now he has thrown interceptions, but nothing to the point in what he did last year. Nothing in The previous years. Because that was, that's what got him in trouble. Oh Yeah, it got him in trouble. Especially late in the season like this. And obviously once he got, once he also got into the playoffs. But listen, the way they're playing right now is, I wouldn't be surprised obviously into also tonight. I wanna, I'm wanna also mention that they did win they a FC East with tonight's win. They they, they, they did when the AFC East that I Thought, well, five weeks ago they already AFC East Champs, Huh? Yeah. Yeah.


Listen, I I think obviously I, I'm gonna, I'm gonna toot my own horn for my team. I think if Tua doesn't go down, I think the Dolphins give them a a, a run for they money. But, but obviously that didn't happen with Tua being out for four or five games, whatever it may have been. But, but congratulating to the Buffalo Bills and Josh Allen, they look good. I wanna see what they do in the playoffs though. I wanna See what, that's all that matters. That's, that's all that matters. I wanna see if they can, if they can play this way in the postseason, there's a good chance we should. The goddamn Buffalo Bills will representing the A FC and goddamn damn New Orleans. I think the thing is OCHO is that Josh Allen has solidified himself as a top five quarterback.


Oh yeah. Because year in and year out, he has his team in the playoffs and for the most part, unless they running into Kansas City, they go far. Yeah, they go far. And I mean it is really that simple. They lost to Kansas City in the divisional round. They lost to him in the a c championship round and they lost to him again in the divisional round. Right. But he's been there every year and he's progress. He's gotten better. He finished what second? I think last year or maybe a couple, maybe last year. He finished second in the MVP voting. If everything stayed according to plan, he'll, he'll probably win it this year. Ocho, unless Saquon goes, we goes over to 20, breaks that record and then that might have something to say about it and if he can somehow finagle that number one seat away from, from the Lions.


But right now Josh Allen looks extremely well and he's not turning the football over so he's not, you know, helping his team and also helping the other team as well because he was giving his team 21 points, but he was giving the other team 14 points. Yeah. With his turnovers. But he's done a better job of taking care of the football. I think McDermott and what's the, what's his coordinator's name? He came on last year because they fired I think Alex Van Pell. Yeah. They fired him. This guy took over and with a whole year of this, Josh Allen looks different. Yeah, he looks different. He's still Josh Allen, he's still an effecti. He still can throw the football, he still can run. But what he's doing now, Ocho he's giving you that same kind of offensive production.


Right. Minus the turnovers. Joe Brady. Joe Brady has done an unbelievable job. This looks like, this looks like the, the Josh Allen that Brian Dayal had. Right. But even when Dave, when even when Dabs had it, he was turning the ball over a lot more than what he should have. Right now, Joe Brady has it and I don't know what he say. Look son, we can be go really far, but you gotta do a better job of taking care of the football. Yeah. Especially turning the ball over in the red zone. Or Joe, he was throwing hands zone. Listen, they're about to go in for a touchdown, he's fumbling the ball. Yeah, Go ahead. You know, you know what he was like, you know what he remind me of I don, I'm, I'm sure you remember and the people in the chat that are watching, I'm not sure how much you paid attention to Brett Fav, who used to take so many chances because his arm, yes.


Because of his arm string. He was a gun star. Yes. So they, he felt there were certain times he could take a chance and he would try to win with his arm and more times than not, he would lose those occasions, you know? Yes. But yes, Josh Allen, I see Josh Allen in that light a little bit. But this year, like you said, Joe Brady, I'm not sure what they told Josh Allen, he's still Superman, but he's not being Superman with his arm. He's doing it in other areas, in other facets of his game as well, which is why they're playing so well. And they've only lost two games this year. He is the unquestioned leader of that offense. And this is not to take a shot at anybody but Ocho, you know, a quarterback when you young like that and you got a veteran guy in front of you sometimes you tend to like, okay, I gotta make sure I get him the ball.


None of these guy, Amari Cooper is not a guy. He doesn't strike me as a guy. He's very quiet. Yeah. He's not gonna demand a demand a football. Yeah. Like the, like other receivers would've in the past. And you look at Shaki and you look at, what's the name Holloway, the guy that showed Mac Hol Hollands Holland. Holland. He showed Up to the game. Barefooted Ocho did you see him always? Hey, he don't wear up shoes. He walked, he don't wear no shoes. He Walked, he walked into the stadium. Yeah. Barefooted. Yeah. He, I ain't tried to catch Nu Moie to prove no point to nobody. But anyway, but I, I, I think the thing is with Josh Allen, he's really comfortable in this leadership role as the unquestioned leader. He can go out there and focus. He doesn't have to worry about trying to force the football. Sometimes Ocho every quarterback great quarterback takes risk.


Yeah. But they're calculated risk. Right. At the right time he Was taking unnecessary risk. Right. There's a difference between the two cal a mathematic calculation and this just arbitrarily throwing the spray and the football over the field. Right, right, right. That's what got him in trouble. That's what got the bills in trouble. Right. Since he's done a better job of taking care of the football, I don't think anybody that watches the game casually or analytically can say, this is not the best Josh Allen that we've seen. Absolutely. Because it absolutely is. Absolutely. He Still is effective running the football. He's still effective throwing the football minus the turnover. So think about it, he'd give you the, he'd given you the production on the ground with his legs. Yeah. They seem to, they can run it a little better this year with James Cook from Davis that they have in the past.


And now he's still giving those production, that production through the air. Right. Minus the turnovers. So everything has increased. The turnovers has decreased. They look really good defensively. I was anxious to see because they let, look, they let Micah High go, they let Poer go tr Davis White win Bond Miller, you know, he was coming back off of that injury. He had a little hiccup, you know, had to go sit down for four games. Matt Milano got injured, he, he returned. And so I was, I was anxious to see Right. How they were gonna look defensively because look, everybody's like, man, they gonna take a step back offensively. They lose Gabe Davis, they lose Stepan. And I'm like, they might, but knowing the quarterbacks, because we saw Patrick Mahomes how he stood, he won two Super Bowls and an mvp when Tyreek one of the most dangerous, if not the most dangerous receiver Right.


In football level, if Josh Allen is what we thought he was and what we think he is, Ocho he should be able to overcome that. Now, he might not throw for 40 touchdowns, close to 40 touchdowns, but I believe he'll be a better quarterback for that. Right. Man, he, you look At he has been just Bond Go ahead. Go ahead. No, I, I was getting ready to, I I was getting ready to tell you despite what he did lose, because we put him in that upper echelon of quarterbacks, he's been able to overcome not having those number one target, number one target. But what, but what do you do? He's Doubling the team, elevate the team by himself with his play. That's what we asked the great quarterbacks to do.


You are a rising tide. You are supposed to lift not just the mega yachts, you are supposed to lift the rowboats, also the bass boat. It does not matter. It does not matter. Yeah. A kayak, if you are what we say you and present you to be. Right. You should be able to lift those guys. Right. And he's done that this year. But you know, defensively they can get, after you got Ed Oliver, you got Russo Eness, you got Vaughn. They've done a great job of getting after the quarterback. But the thing is, ocho I, and I don't know how much you played in the snow, but you can't have your normal gate. You have to understand, you try to take off like you Yeah. You got chop. Yeah, chop it down. And I'm seeing the 49 ERs slip it all over the place, bro, you can't stride your normal stride pattern I don, you can't stop like you normally could.


So bro, I don't know why. I just don't, I just don't get it. Ocho I don't know. I mean, I think the guys will play enough and inclement weather, right. You have to change when it's raining. You can't do your same stride pattern. Right. And you, you know what, And try to stop on a dime. Go ahead. I'm glad, I'm glad you said that. This is why I prefer playing on turf fields. Many players don't like turf fields. Like the, the field in Chicago. I mean Chicago. Yeah. I'm like the field in Cincinnati. Even if it was raining, you could run full speed and stop because of the way the turf was made. You know, you know what I mean? Right now, when it's much snow on the field, that much snow, or if you playing on grass like you did in Denver, everything changes.


You gotta understand that for one, before the game starts, you need to get out there and test your cleats. Put them got nine stu, nine studs. Right. Silver Stu, civil studs. Oh yeah. Put put them goddamn seven studs on and learn how to chop your goddamn damn feet. Yeah. That's it. You, you, you, you can't, you, you, like you said, your gate has to change and everything has to be shorted quick. Shorted quick. It's the only way you're gonna be able to get out your brake. And it's even harder now, Ocho because now the film the field, it can't wa it's not, it can't melt the snow Nah. Fast as it's piling up and they can't throw it off. Nah. So now you have to change it even more because your cleat has to go down through the snow. So now you got a layer between you and the field.


Field. Yeah. So your situation, your gate has to be even, has to be even better. Now, some of this was the terrible angle that Brown took the safety bro, I don't know where the hell you was going. That's your gap. Okay. They block down, they kick out. That's you and cook. Yeah. Where the hell were you going on the first touchdown ward? You have fourth you have contained. Right. You can't let him outside Ocho Yeah. You in. Absolutely. That's at rule number one. That's rule number one At times. At times I think at, at times I sometimes I wanna blame the weather and then at times I wanna, I wanna blame people making business decisions. Yes. I wanna say people are making business decisions at that point.


James Cook, I love James Cook, but he's not an imposing figure at the running back position. There should be no reason why you don't want fill that hole. There should be no reason why you don't want to fill that gap. Thank you. You, you know where you're supposed to be at Ocho, but here's the thing, the weather doesn't change your responsibility. Yeah. See that's the thing that people need to get through their head. My, if my responsibility is forcing, contained, I don't give a damn if it's raining. Right. I don't care if it's 80, I don't care if it's 70 below. I still got contained the condition doesn't change my responsibilities right now. It might not, the weather might change how I go about it. Yeah. But if you take a horrible angle, if you take a horrible angle in bad conditions, it's gonna make you even worse because you're gonna slip, slip and slide.


Right. Trying to recover. If you take a bad con, if you take a bad angle in ideal conditions, you still not gonna make the play. Right. You have to understand your launch point where he is the rate he's coming towards you. I'm like, bro, what are y'all doing? Yeah. It's almost like OCHO is like, they go, they just like, I'm looking at him, I'm like, bro, I saw what he took up. I said, you got no, if he ma if he sidestep, you got no chance at all. Zero At all. For one, you gotta listen. I'm not a, I'm not a defender, but I do understand you gotta put yourself in position. You gotta put your body in position. So even if he a, even if he does have a two-way go, you have a, a chance to react.


The angle you taking. I already knew one James Cook. Wait, make one move. Oh, it's, Its, it's over. It's Over you Because you not, and you're not Finn to turn to catch nobody at Add up turn to catch who in the, in the NFL shit. No. Absolutely no. Absolutely Not. No. No. He's got a head of steam, but, but Buffalo look good. Yeah, Buffalo has looked good. When Josh Allen takes care of the football, they look damn near unbeatable now they seem to be playing their best football at the right time. Ocho, this is the one you wanna play in great football. Yeah. You wanna be heading into December, December playing your best football Right. Heading into January playing your best football. And they look like they're playing that and they're like, look, I understand, we understand the road to the Super Bowl and the A LC still goes through Kansas City.


Yeah. But I sure would like a crack at 'em. I sure. I just want my opportunity. Yeah. I know we've had several, but I want it one more time And something tell me if they get it, if they get it this year I got a feeling with the way they look and Josh Allen's understanding that if I can protect the ball and give my team a chance with the way our defense is playing, obviously Milano's back, goddamn Vaughn Miller is playing good. Von Ruso and Vanessa, I think they got a chance. And, and, and the way the chiefs look right now where they're barely scraping back with these wind it And barely Scraping by Their defense doesn't look as formidable Yeah.


As it did early. Like it did last year, like it did at the beginning of this season. Right. Because we're starting to see team that we don't like. Hold on.


The following ad is sponsored by Pet's. Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from pet's Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pet's Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get Up to 90% on eligible Vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered and administered by Pets Best Insurance Services LLC or underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company, or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com back slash policy.


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for Business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism in addressing transportation barriers, these tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile congratulates Easterseals, Southern California for their unconventional thinking,


The all electric Chevy Equinox EV combines everything you need when you're ready to go. Ev starting at 34,995. The 2025 Equinox VLT gives you an impressive balance of all electric range safety features for peace of mind and effortless technology, including the 17.7 inch diagonal display screen all at a price you'll love the Chevy Equinox. Ev is the fun to drive all electric SUV that gives you what you need to do exactly what you want. The manufacturer suggested retail price excludes tax title, license dealer fees, and optional equipment dealer sets Final price. To learn more, visit chevy.com/equinox. Ev,


Did you know that Future Health, the best online weight loss program is giving millions of people access to affordable weight loss meds for less than $3 a day. Like GLP ones? Yeah, you've heard of those. And the best part, future Health makes it easy to get started. Just go to try fh.com and take our quick three minute survey from there, if approved by a clinician, you'll get prescribed and get meds delivered to your door within 24 hours. Plus, with Future Health's ongoing support from over 6,000 physicians and licensed pharmacies nationwide, you're never alone on your journey. Connect with qualified doctors who understand GLP ones@tryfh.com. Yeah, we've made it ridiculously easy to find us. That's try fh.com. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try FH com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple terms starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


Carolina got 27 against you. Oh yeah. Aidan O'Connell threw for over 300 yards. and if it wasn't for the mistake, look, mistakes happen in the game. Yeah. But I believe the teams that they're going to face are better offensively than some of the teams that they've struggled with. Yeah. Yeah. The question is, can you take care of the football? Can you put them in situations because you gotta protect the football. You, you got to protect the football. If you protect the football, you give yourself a chance. If you don't, you play double once the playoff hits. Oh yeah. You pay, you pay a premium for turning the football over ocho. How much better does Josh look without Stephan? He looks really good. I think the fact that he doesn't have to force the ball to anyone, he's not thinking about getting Steph the ball.


I think not having Yes. Not having, not having to worry about. Okay. Is Steph okay? I it it it is, it's it is hard. It's hard to say. He just looks better. I think the fact that he doesn't have that alpha, he doesn't have that alpha dog where he has to worry about feeding the ball and making sure he's okay. You know, at times when you have someone like that, that's an alpha, that's an outlet that, you know, you can go to and you can count on. That is a great thing. Having a dominant number one receiver like that. Yes. But at times, because Josh Allen is so good and he can overcome with his play and arm and legs without having an alpha, alpha receiver like that, I think he, he, he's, he's been okay.


Now many quarterbacks can, can't overcome that. Josh Allen is in the class of his own. There may be four, maybe five, maybe five quarterbacks where you can take away they, number one, they number one receivers or they're alpha receivers and they can still function and, and elevate that offense that they're, that they're in control of. I think the thing that you have to have, if you're dealing with a dominant personality, like a, a a, a number one receiver, because they normally have dominant personalities. Oh yeah. Sometimes they don't, but a lot of times they do. Yeah. You need to be the veteran quarterback. You see, Montana was already established. He had already won two Super Bowls and a two, two Super Bowl MVPs by the time Rice landed.


Right. And you had Marino so duper Mark Clayton, mark Duper ain't gonna trump him. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Jim Kelly. You're not gonna trump him. So you get guys that are already established. Right. And even though you have dominant personalities, I look and Tom says, look, what I try to do is that I always try to give Randy the ball early and if I couldn't get him the ball early, I would go to him and tell him, bro, we tried nothing. We go get you to rock. Just stay with me. Stay with me. I gotta keep him in a positive mind frame. That's important because the last thing I wanna do is lose him. Because if and and teams need to understand, bro, how you want me to hit the game winning shot when you haven't thrown me the ball the entire game?


Yeah. Who hit who? You can't ask Steph Curry. Look there. Hey, we want you to feed Clay. Want you to feed Draymond want you to feed all these other guys. Oh, we down too. Hey, Steph. You ready? No. Hell nah. It's not about the whole night. Right. I think, I think, I think that's what a receiver said. If you give it to a guy early Ocho you know this, you and I both caught the ball for a living. Good. Give it to me early. You got me late. Yeah. Yeah. I just need to feel it. I just need to feel it a couple times. Okay. Hey, listen. Now late in the ball game. We good I don. I don't need it much. Huh? I don't need it much. Throw me a smoke. Throw me a screen. Throw me a slant. Yes. Let me touch the ball. Let me get myself into a rhythm of the game. I'm not gonna force the issue. I'm gonna allow the game come to I'm, allow the game to come to me.


I'm just saying, when I was, when I was with Carson coach Bob Browski, I never figured Coach Bob Krow was our officer coordinator. My receiver coach at the time was Hugh Jackson. I tell Hugh before the game started, I tell Carson, listen, I'm not gonna bother you. I'm not gonna say nothing to you. Now what I will do at times is I'll come out the huddle where I feel the floor of the game is not going in my favor or going in my direction. Right. I let you know, I, I never ate as boisterous and then as flamboyant as I was, I never bothered Carson during the game. But what I would do is be when he had called a play and before I lead a huddle, you know what I do? I tap his hip. I tap his hip just to alert him. I'm not gonna say nothing to you.


Just know in the back of your mind. Then I get to the last scrimmage. Right? Yeah. And he making this call and I see something. Well, I know I can take advantage based on the play that was called. I do my, my famous thing. He, that's it. You can hear, you hear that bitch all the way out outside the stadium. So if he go, come on now. Yeah. Come on, come on. Things are not going my way. Just let me touch it. Let me feel it. But I di I didn't want to use my voice at all because Yeah. You irritate that one. I'm not trumping him. I'm not trumping him. No matter what I've done, What? Hey, and that's the thing. I just, Hey, t gimme a look. That's, I that's what I'm saying. I'm saying, Hey, just gimme a look. Right, right, right. He like, t you block it on this one. I said I'm gonna leak out late if you get in trouble, Hey, you right.


I'll block it. I'll blocking on this one Ocho, but if you get in trouble, I'll leak out late. I'll be right down. I'm gonna give you a place to go in the ball. Yes sir. That's all I'm saying. Ocho Kyle Shanahan said Krista McCaffry suffered a potentially seasoned ending PCL injury. Ah, Wait, that was non-contact or was it previously when he got tripped up? You think it happened Previous? I, I, I, I They showed, they showed that play. Right. But you knew as soon as like that knee buckle when he took off. Yeah. You could see that knee buckle and then he like gave himself up so you knew something. I was like, damn, did it did, is it the Achilles did the calves go? But Kyle Shanahan just said at his press conference, his Christian McCaffrey suffered a potentially seasoned ending.


It's over. It don't make any sense. Is he missed? Was it the same leg? Was it the same leg that he just I think it is. I think it was his right one. The Plan. I think it was his right one. What you call that plant fa facet? No, he had a, he had a calf injury that led into his Achilles. Mm. And and the thing ocho and you know, the thing is, is that I what we say all the time, if you limp into the season, oh you limping out of it. Out of it. Yeah. How you gonna get healthy during the season? It's impossible. It's impossible. The, the number one thing, when anybody have surgery or anybody have an injury, what do they tell you? The f most important thing Ocho Rest. Rest. How you gonna get rest?


They working the dog crap outta you. Yeah. I don joke. They do. It's really that simple. And listen, they can only, they can only protect you so much because in order to get you back to the playing speed and get you acclimated to game tempo, you gotta, you gotta put some type of work. You gotta put some type work. You gotta put that work in. Because once they put you out there where the bullets are firing, hey, them boys moving. Ain't no They can Do them. Them boys are moving. Damn. I'm, I'm sad. I'm sad for him man. I'm sad for it man. Prayers Up to little cmac man. Cmac Buffalo clinched their fifth straight a FC title setting a new franchise record. Buffalo had previously won four A FC titles consecutive 88 through 91.


Oh. That was also the years that they, you know, they ended up going to the Super Bowl when, when they went Super Bowl. 99 1 92, 93. But Buffalo played extremely well tonight. They got it done. It wasn't that San Francisco played. They turned the ball over ocho. Yeah. But they had some opportunities and they got into the red zone and they had to set for field goals. Yeah. You check fumble, bunch of called in, let the ball slip out his hand. Purdy Deebo fumble to kickoff. They had some opportunities when you're on the road. Right. And you're playing against a team that seemingly got it going, you have to cash in on all your opportunities as well. Yep.


Yeah. Ah, the game of the day, the Eagles defeated the Ravens 24 19. Justin Tucker has lost multiple games this season and left seven points off the board tonight. He continued this season long struggles by missing two field goals and a PAT one from 47. One from 43. His two failed field goals came in the third when Baltimore trailed 14 to 12 mm. This is the first time that he's missed three kicks in a game and he put a major dent in the a c in the Ravens opportunity to win the north. Yeah. Tucker has missed eight field goals, but he's missed 10 kicks if I'm not mistaken. Eight field goals in two s this season, which is a single season high.


Harbaugh is sticking with Tucker. We saw him go to them on the sidelines, say, we believe in you. You hugged him. If you're asking me are we going to move on from Justin Tucker, I'm not really planning doing that right now. Whoa. I don't think that would be wise. Whoa. Whoa. Did you hear the key word you just said? I don't like that. I don't like that. What did he say? Did he say right now? Or did you just add that in there? No, he said that right now I don't plan on doing that right now. I don't, I'm not really planning on doing that right now. I don't think that be wise. I don't like that. Listen, let lemme tell you something. Lemme tell you something. Okay? Talk to us also. Also the chat. Chat. Y'all listen to me now. I know I play around a lot, you know, when it comes to saying some of the things that I've done, but all of you know my history and my resume as a kicker, especially in the NFL.


I know what that feel like. I understand the pressures that go into what Justin Tucker is going through right now. I understand the pressures of already having the moniker of being the greatest kicker of all time based on what you did in the past. But what you've done in the past when it comes to the NFL is always, It ain't got nothing to do right now. Yeah. It ain't got nothing to do with now what have you done for me lately? Yeah. Right now I don't watch much baseball, but I can tell what Justin is in. He's in the slump. Yeah. He's in a slump sometimes. He got the yips right now. Ocho. Huh? He got the yips right now. Oh yeah. He Got, he got the yips right now. Justin Tucker is in a slump. And you know what happens when players in a slump? It gets to you here. Yes. You got to be mentally strong here for one, in order to get back into rhythm.


To get back to where you were doing in the past, being the Justin Tucker that we're used to seeing. You got to envision that motherfucker up here right now. It's getting to him. He think about missing the kick before he even kicked the ball. Which is why he's missing the kicks. And it's always, and they seem to be always veering to the left. They're always veering to, if you look at 'em, they veering to the left. Hey, that's Kind like, that's all mechanics baby. Yes. That's all mechanics. That's all mechanics on your follow through on your swing. You gotta stop your leg at a certain point. If it's always veering to the left, if anything adjust. Adjust your split. Adjust your lineman. Face the ball up a different way because everything is happening and reoccurring the same way.


Kickers watch film. I'm a kicker. I'm I'm telling you. I know some of you might laugh at me. I'm, I'm serious. I I know what it is. I know what Justin Tuckers going through. He's going to be all, I don't like the words that Harbaugh said, If you gonna be all right this Year, I don't. I don't like that. I don't like that. You don't do, you don't do the best kicker in the world like that just because you going through a slump because you have quarterbacks quarterback go through slump too. Sometime even the best go through a bad season or bad stringer games where they just can't get themselves out of a funk. But at some point they turn it around. Especially at the position. Once he gets it here, you got, you got to visualize it here. Once you visualize it here and get that confidence back, he'll be fine.


The question is, is he gonna get it back this year? Shit he does because it doesn't matter if he gets it back next year. Right. Because they might, they're trying to make the playoff this year and we how many times have the Ravens, he kicked the Ravens to the Super Bowl as a rookie or as an undrafted rookie. He went to Denver and made the game winning kick. Right. And that launched him. That put him on his way. We've seen guys, you mentioned the sport. You go back and look at golf right. You look at David Duval Duval. You look at Ian Baker Finch. Yeah. They had the yips. You mentioned baseball. Look at Chu Kn block. Look at Rick Anil. Rick Ankiel had to move to the outfield because he couldn't get the ball over home plate. Chu kn block could not throw the ball.


He's a second baseman. He could not throw it to the first basement. Yeah. Steve Saks had a similar situation. It's half. We've seen guys do it and they, David Duvall left Ian Baker Finch, they end up leaving because they couldn't put Right. Yeah. They can kill, move to the outfield because he could not throw the ball over the plate. But it's, and and it's, and it's, it's, it's, it's, it's tough. Lamar Jackson did not play a good game today. Ocho he really never found his rhythm. Had mo multiple fumbles, but he recovered. Those had a lot of overthrows. He had a, he had likely he could have hit likely on that plate. I think it was in the second quarter.


The second Shot. The the corner route. The corner route. Yes. You over shot him a little bit? Yeah, A little bit. Oh Yeah. Yeah. You over shot. You over shot Him likely stopped running like, well he, he gotta be throwing that to somebody else because he, Hey, he running, he saw where the ball going. So he just stopped. He like, well somebody out there in front of me. Yeah. And then he come back and then he fu the ball. He was six and 15 on third down. Yeah. The touchdown that he got ocho that was late in the game. 'cause if they don't get that touchdown, they're shut out in the second half. Right. Lamar said his, his mother cursed him out after the game for not running more and not hitting the running lanes. The Ravens finished 2 0 5 in the red zone. Mm. He didn't play well today. Yeah. You you know what? On, on, on a day in which the defense they held, they held. They held and held. Yeah.


And they was needing Lamar to be Lamar. It didn't happen for him today. You, You, you know what, one of the things I watched tonight. I love Lamar. I love that Lamar has proved that. You know what? I'm not just a run of the ball. I'm gonna show you. I can pass. I'm gonna show you I can pass. Listen, I know you could pass the ball young bull, but I need you to be special. You know, on nights like tonight and games like tonight. I need you to be special of what makes you, you, I need you to do what you was doing at Boyton Beach High School when I used to go watch you out there when you was a legit take off with the ball baby. If it ain't there, sometimes you gotta go through your progression. One, two, and three.


Sometimes you get look at one. If one ain't there, man, take off and go with that thing. What sometimes you got to go off script. Sometimes you got to go off script and do what makes you, you, you, especially you two time MVP for a reason. I would've loved to see the Ravens win the game tonight. I would've loved for it. Especially when your kicker's not playing as well as he should be. Right. But who has to overcome that Lamar number eight, when Lamar is the one that has to overcome Justin Tucker not playing as good as he should be. So those points you're missing, that puts the pressure, the onus back on the quarterback to overcome the kicker's woes. Yeah. Sometimes you don't fuck that being the path of shit.


Boy drop back if that shit ain't there, man, take off with that bitch. Oh, I'm sometimes I do think he trying to prove The point. I'm seeing a person, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. God, forgive me. I do, I do think sometime Lamar tries to prove that he's a thrower of the football. He is At the, at The end already. He's proves it. Who care cares back doing what you do best. So why is his mom cussing him out? So what was the difference today? Hey, you heard, you heard what she said. Right. Boy, when you see, when you see the running lanes, boy take off and do what you do. Boy, what you, what you mean you dangerous? Just as dangerous. All you are, you've already shown us you're just as dangerous with your arm as you are with your legs. But tonight is a night where we needed your legs, not your arm.


But we had this conversation in the a FC championship game. You asked after the game, why did Lamar run more? So why do we keep having these conversation in these big meaningful games where we keep saying, Lamar, why aren't you running the football more? Why are we continuously having these conversations? Ocho? Yeah. I don't know. I. don. I don't know baby. I don't know I don, I don't I don't know who So what because what are you trying to prove? Who care? You've proved that you've led the league in touchdown passes. You got 29 touchdown passes is gonna be you or Bur Joe Burrow probably lead the league in touchdown passes this year. Right. At this point in time, the only thing left for you to pull prove Lamar is that you can get to and win a Super Bowl. Yeah. That's it. By any, that's, That's the only thing that's left for you to prove.


Not only that by any means necessary. Yes. On throwing it, running it, crawling it wheelchair. Yes. I don't care. I don't care how you gotta get there. Goddamnit. Just get there so we can get these motherfuckers off your back. That's, there will come a time By any means. There will come a time that he will need to like, I'm gonna force Lamar Jackson to throw the football. Yeah. I'm a firm believer that I I would rather I know he can kill me. Oh yeah. With his leg. I just can't let him outside the pocket. Right. I can't let him, I can't let him outside the pocket OCHO because he's too dangerous out there and he can throw the ball over my head. Yeah. So I gotta keep him in. I gotta keep him in the box.


Now I'm gonna try to make sure that I got a spy to entice him. Like, okay, I got somebody spying. Right. And I want him, I want trick him into thinking. Yeah. Go in, throw it from the pocket. Yeah, but you're playing into my hands. 'cause that's really why I want you anyway. Yeah. That's Why I want you. But listen, this, this is the good thing about it. This is the good thing about the evolution of Lamar Jackson. This is about how good he's gotten even as a pocket passer. Okay. You wanna put a spire? Okay. Bet. Okay. Boom. You wanna have your Ds rush up field and keep contained. But I can beat you from the pocket. I proved that I can beat you from the pocket and be a throw of the ball. I didn't show you I can drop back. Right. I could be in shotgun. I could RPO, I could, I can play action fake and read through my progressions from one to three.


I can't even come back to one If I got enough time Right. I can buy myself time, I can go off script. I can do all the, all these different things from the pocket. So now that makes me that much more dangerous and multidimensional from the quarterback position. I just don't like the fact that it, to me, it seems like sometimes Lamar wants to prove. Especially tonight. Yes. I'm gonna show you. I can beat you with my arm. Yes. When we know how special you are with your legs, it's a reason God gave you that gift. Boy, I need you again. I know, I know. Lamar gonna see this too. I know he gonna see this boy. I need you like you did when you was at Boyton Beach. Huh? Stop playing now. Come on. Oh, matter of fact, oh wait, wait, wait.


Ravens lost night. Can you please tell me how many carries Derrick Henry had? D Henry had 19 for 82. Ah, So he was over, he was over the 16 yard mark. Yeah, He Was over 32. They had, they had 32 rush attempts for 166 yards. Which ain't bad. You could, you could live with that. Yeah. You supposed to. Lamar was 23 or 36. 2 37. He got sacked three times. I thought, I thought the Eagles d-line did an unbelievable job of getting after there. Yeah. Jalen Carter is a monster. Yeah. This is what I, this is what Jalen Carter was supposed to be a top five pick. Yeah. I'm not so sure he would had he not had all those off the field transgressions while he was in college. Right. He's a top, he's a top three talent.


He could rush to pass and he could stop the run. He's relentless. He's starting to see just how good he can beat. He's the guy that you start circling. But I thought their defensive line did an unbelievable job of rushing but containing Lamar. Lamar, look Lamar, you, you can't jump, you can't run up the field on him now. 'cause he gonna jump out the window. Yeah. You be gone. But I thought sweat and I thought some of those other guys did an unbelievable job. Boy, they got a that bro. That's Zack, bro. That's middle 53. Yeah. Boy, he nice boy. Boy. He nice boy.


The following ad is sponsored by Pet's Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from pet's Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pets Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get Up to 90% on eligible Vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet Insurance products offered in administered by Pets. Best Insurance Services, LLC or under written by American Pet Insurance Company, or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com/policy.


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for Business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism in addressing transportation barriers, these tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile Congratulates Easterseals, Southern California for their unconventional thinking, The all electric Chevy Equinox. EV combines everything you need when you're ready to go. Ev. Starting at 34,995.


The 2025 Equinox EV LT gives you an impressive balance of all electric range safety features for peace of mind and effortless technology, including the 17.7 inch diagonal display screen all at a price. You'll love the Chevy Equinox. EV is the fun to drive all electric SUV that gives you what you need to do exactly what you want. The manufacturer suggested, retail price excludes tax title, license dealer fees, and optional equipment dealer sets Final price. To learn more, visit chevy.com/equinox. Ev,


Did you know that Future Health, the best online weight loss program is giving millions of people access to affordable weight loss meds for less than $3 a day. Like GLP ones? Yeah, you've heard of those. And the best part, future Health makes it easy to get started. Just go to try fh.com and take our quick three minute survey from there, if approved by a clinician, you'll get prescribed and get meds delivered to your door within 24 hours. Plus, with Future Health's ongoing support from over 6,000 physicians and licensed pharmacies nationwide, you're never alone on your journey. Connect with qualified doctors who understand GLP ones@tryfh.com. Yeah, we've made it ridiculously easy to find us. That's try fh.com. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try FH com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


Hey, and then number 33 Oh dis oh discount. Jason Chor. Dejaun. Wait, Blake. Ah Man. He get, hold on. Which one? Bla Blankenship or No, 33. The the fans kid from Iowa. The corner. Yeah. What's his name, man? Blankenship 32. Cooper. Cooper Dejaun. Cooper Dejaun. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He nice. He nice. He, he, yeah. Man, he nice. He nice. Yeah, man. A they, they did a great job. But you think about it, think about the great catches because Lamar was a lot he was high all day long. It was Mark Andrews Mason. Unbelievable. Catch that touchdown. Catch A in end zone. Yes. That, that high point. Yes. That was nice.


Yes. He saved his age. He Caught one. He caught one in the field like that. That's What you call bailing your quarterback out. Yes. Yes. That's how you bail your quarterback out. The Ravens was two or five in the red zone. And I think the thing is OCHO is that look in a situation like that when your kicker is struggling. Right. You got a a, guys, he's struggling today, guys. We, Hey, we gotta do a better job. We gotta get this ball in the end zone. We gotta make it ps Yeah. Now he hooked one of those, but I would rep, Hey, at least we got six. Right? Because when we put it on his foot, we might not get anything. Mm. Because it was 14 to 12 and he missed two kicks That could have made it 18, 14. Right.


But Damn, I don't, I don't, I don't like what I'm seeing from the Ravens ocho. I don't, I don't, because they don't look like the team. You remember like the first say nine weeks of the season, how good they look running the football with Lamar and Lamar throwing it. Yeah. Excuse me. D Henry running it Very good. They Look really, really Good. Very good. I'm looking at this team right now. Ocho I don't see the same, I don't see the same team. Yeah. And, and, and defensive. They played a little better today. They didn't give up the big, they didn't give up the big plays. No. No. Throwing the football. No. The Eagle, Jalen Hearst was ocho.


Yes sir. They had 252 yards of total offense. There was 11 or 19. Jaylen Hearst was 11 or 19, 118 yards in a touchdown. Yeah. They ran the ball 33 times for one 40. Listen, it was a good showing though. It was a good showing. I mean, for the, for the Raven defensively especially obviously they, their, they're secondary. Huh? They might, they dead last. What? Yeah, they not, they could not do It. They, they goddamn damn dead last. And they did very well trying to contain Saquon. We didn't see Saquon hit his head off the goalpost going for 60 or 70 yards.


Yeah. We had a 25 yard of that, that, that touchdown run. It was 25 yards. He ended up with 23 carriers for 1 0 7. Yeah. So he's at, I think he's at 1499 currently right now. Yeah. 'cause he is at 1392. So I think he's at 1499. He still has a chance. He has five games left. Yeah. To get to average like 120 yards to get 2000. Yeah. I mean Is Nah, he's gonna really have to pick up the pace to get 2105. Yeah. I mean obviously he, But they say he's on pace to get 2121. What's he on pace to get now, Ash? Is he on pace to break the record? Oh, Ash put it up here. What, what's who, who they got next? Oh, if he plays in all 17 games, they, he has a chance.


He's on pace to get 2123. Now, he also caught two passes for 10 yards. The NFL record is set by Ed 2105 in 1984. Right. But Ed didn't think about it. Ed didn't win the MVP that season. Dan Marino did quarter 'cause that the quarterback Danny threw for 4 48 touchdowns and 5,000 yards, I mean, to throw for 5,000 yards in that era. Yeah. Do you understand how good that that was? Oh, yeah. Oh. With all the holding, with all the physicality, the quarterbacks knocking your, I mean the D line, the defense knocking your quarterback out, they killing your receivers and he threw for 5,000. Yeah. That, that, that was du that was Duper and Clayton.


Huh? I That's the Bar Brothers. I wonder who the tight end was then. I think they had Crash Jensen. Jim Jensen. Okay. Might have been one of the tight ends. Who, what about, who is the running back, you think? If I'm not mistaken, I think it was Tony, Nathan. Tony Nathan Throwback. Yeah. Oh, that's dope, man. That's dope. And Jen, Jim Jensen or Dan Johnson. Dan Johnson. Yeah. Ow, man. Look, I mean, if somebody would've told me that Jalen Hurst would only throw for 118 yards of a touchdown, and they would only have 2 52 yards, I say, well, the Raven's gonna win.


Yeah. Well, Obviously I say the Raven's gonna win the game, but They could've won the game. They could won a game. Obviously there was some kicks that were missed. There's some other things that didn't go in their way. Didn't go in their favor. I think if we got the Lamar Jackson that we're used to seeing that would be able to, that can overcome the kicker's woes. I think the Raven do win that game. They have to play better. Lamar has to play better. He knows that. He ain't gonna go back and look at film and say, well, God damn, this one here, this is the chance where I should have took that bitch down and God dogg it. Stop cursing, man. I should took the ball down and ran with it and do what I do best and stop trying to sit in the park and buy time and buy time trying to be off script, waiting on somebody to pop open.


Well, they're running outta time because Steelers Yeah. Say quad's on pace the challenge, but get the record. He's on pace now for 2,501 yards. The record for most total yards in the season is 25 0 9 by Chris Johnson. Philly, win the eighth straight and leaves the Eagles 10 and one, one game behind the lion for the top seed and the NFC. The Eagles are two and a half games up on east on the for the east lead over the Washington Commanders Ocho. Yo, what happened? The Steelers defeat the bango.


Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Say say that for last man. Say that for last. No, no, we gotta get to this one right now. The Steelers defeated the Bengals 44 to 38 shootout. Not only did the e defense offense, excuse me, the offense move the ball at will, but the Steelers defense forced three turnovers, including a fourth quarter scooping score by Peyton Wilson. Pickens led the Steelers with 74 yards receiving on three catches with a touchdown, but drew a 15, but drew 15 yard penalties after two of his catches after the game pick and said there wasn't anything he needed to do differently in those situations. Tomlin said, he just gotta grow up. This is emotional game.


These divisional games are big. He got a target on his back because he's George. He understands that. But he's got to grow up. He's just got to grow up in a hurry. Yeah. That'll cost your game. Or the playoff ocho. Yeah. He, he, I mean, George. George, George. Listen, I'm, I'm, I'm a hit young bull. I got, I got Georgie number. I'm, I'm gonna talk to him. Listen, take some of that. Take some of that fun. You know, some of that energy that you display that is, that is that you're being penalized for and turn that into entertainment. Turn it into entertainment. It's okay to be the villain. Enjoy being the villain. Embrace being the villain, but do it in, in a way where it's organized chaos within the game of football. Have fun within the game of football without having to get those penalties.


I'm telling you, it's gonna pay dividends in the long run. He has to understand that, you know, the the gun gesture, you know, in the end zone, you know, after, after. Oh, Joe. But they, but they know, but you know, you can't do that. I, and I know Chad fans, I know air guns and bullets don't kill anybody. Right. But the N NFL L said, we don't want that. Right. Right, right, right. If your boss tell you you cannot come to work with Kathy Khakis, don't bring your ass to work with khaki khakis. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I I I don't get it. Ocho Yeah. We knew OCHO wore socks a certain height. The NFL said, we want you to pull, we want your knees covered. I expected to get a fine if I met more than two plays and I didn't pull my socks up.


Yeah, but you can't say, well, what did the, so, and I said, I, and I used to ask all the time, what does my socks gotta do? They say, Shannon, we want uniformity. They say, Shannon, if we let you do yours, and then somebody gonna come out there with footies, and then somebody gonna come out here, and then everybody gonna start looking like an alternate team. They say, we want the, we say we want everybody, we want every, we want uniformity. Shannon, we're the National Football League. Right. And we're trying to set examples. I say, okay. Yeah, but Ocho Yeah. They, you remember I that they cut that out before you got into the league. The throat slashing gesture. Yeah. They cut that out. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You big shooters. But Johnson would do the shit. Oh yeah, Yeah. They cut that out. Yeah. You can't do that. Anything, anything violent or sexual in nature.


Air humping ain't got nothing to do. Ain't nobody ever got pregnant by air humping. Yeah. No, no dry. No, no dry. No dry hunching. But They cut it out. They cut it out. But They cut it out. Yeah. So, peak fans, please stop saying, because you know the rule. George knows the rules. Yeah. You can't do that. And you, you know what, and and especially outside of knowing the rules, you gotta understand and to remember those rules when you engage in war at the time, time of war, when you plan, you got to remember that all he need to do, I'm, I'm telling you uncle, I'm, I'm gonna talk to him. I'm gonna talk to him. I'm gonna hit him tomorrow. Good. Bro, you need to take that same energy and the stuff you wanna do and turn it into something else in a fun entertainment type of way where it's, it's engaging for us and for those watching where it doesn't cost your team, there's a way to do it.


Yeah. I mastered that shit. You know, there's, there's a way to do it, you know? Yes. As far as your player's concerned, man, you good. Keep on playing ball. What I don't want, this is what I don't want because he young. Because he young. So Coach Toner has to be careful with what he say because you don't wanna lose a player like that up here. Huh? Up here. You don't wanna take too much. You don't wanna pull the reins back too motherfucking hard because you gonna lose what makes George Pickens. George Pickens. But you can't hurt your team like that though. You can't. Thank you. You can't. We just saw this on Thursday with Jameson Williams. We just saw it Thursday. Yeah. Well, he threw the ball in the guy's face. Remember? Oh, yeah, yeah.


On the Sideline. Yeah. We just saw it. Yeah. Ocho, if the, if e even if I'm speeding, if I'm going eight in a school zone, I can't tell fool, ain't no kids in school. You can't go eight in a school, in a school zone, bro. It's still a school zone. Right. Whether the kids are in school or not. You can't make that gesture even if you have no gun. Right. Even if there is no bullet. Right. You can't make a sexual gesture. You can't make a violent gesture. Right. So please chat, please, people stay off the internet. Talk about ain't no guns, ain't nobody ever been killed by that because you can't do it. Right. Right. The league says we're going to penalize you, but it's not the league penalizing you, you're penalizing your team.


Yeah. Now, it didn't Happen. It, it hurts you today, but it'll catch Up to you when it, when it, when it matter most. And that when You least expect it. Yeah. You get an UN sports black conduct penalty and now what was a field goal? They back you up. Yeah. Because a lot of times ocho, that's after the fact. Now they back you up. What happens if it's second down and you get one of those, the down counts, right? So now instead of being second and five, it's second and 20, or it's third and five, a third and 20, or it's third and 15. You see, it's things like that. You have to, you have to think about in real time. Right. Ocho it is too late for you and I to have this conversation. Say, Ocho, we tried to tell him it's too late.


Yeah. It is too late. So just learn from others from that. Have made those mistakes. Right. So you don't have to be a footnote. Got a costly penalty. I, I don't ocho but I try to tell you now, now people will tell you, Joe Burrow played great. OCHO might come out here and tell you, Joe Burrow played great. His defense. If your defense is bad, ocho as an offense, what can't you do? If your defense is bad? You can't turn the ball over. Unc Tell the people at home how many turnover Joe Burrow had. Joe Burrow had three turnovers, but bunk. Before you say that, how Many did they lead?


How many points did they lead to to the Steelers? 14 or 21? Well, 17. How much? How many? They got a scooping score and they got a field go right before the half. Right. That's 10 points, right? Yeah, that's 10. Can I, can I say something real quick? Go ahead. You sure can. Just for the chat for better context. Let me get let me get energized real quick. You know, it's hard for me to defend my Bengals. It is hard for me to defend my Bengals, but for better context in those turnovers. Now, one was a tip. Cam Hayward tipped it. Boom. Pick scooping score. Boom. Run with the ball. TJ Watt great play. And I think it, was it Highsmith? Is it Highsmith that beat Orlando Brown off the edge? Yeah. Came Around I Don't think it was high.


It might've been the other guy. The other guy. I think it was like, it might've been, it might've been 51 Wilson. Okay. He might've called the sack and scoop it. Hey. All right. Scooping score. Listen. But one in, in that scenario, Orlando Brown, I'm not sure what the Bengals are doing. There's no reason why Orlando Brown should be on the field if he can't walk. If he can't, if you can't walk, that means you can't play left tackle. There's no reason you should be on the field. But if you are on the, on the field, then that's the onus is on the offensive line or the goddamn officer coordinator. Hell, let's slide protection that way because he is not fully healthy. Obviously They can't, we saw you gonna find the protection away from tj Y Listen, we ain't got no choice. We gotta leave Mims over there. We gotta leave Mims by itself. One-on-one. Yes. I Know. I, well now tj, TJ y about to break the NFL record.


He have a Derrick Thomas Game. I know what you mean. But you got to because look what happened. Look what happened. That cost us. That cost us. Yes. If he's hurt, goddamn fly to protection to the left. Put the runner back up there and goddamn chip gotta put the tight over there in Chip. You gotta do something to help him. If you have a player out there that is hurt and it caught, I get it across us offensively. That was a stupid score. But your guy has got to take care of the football ocho. Yeah, but you know, if your defense, if your defense, you have one of the two or three worst defensive football Yeah. You can't turn it over. You. Right. You right. There's not, listen, there's nothing I can say, there's nothing I can say about that. But it is his blindside though, that that is his blindside.


He has no idea that two seconds after the snap that somebody's barreling down and knocking the ball at his hands again, you gotta listen, I'm not making no excuses. You gotta have two hands on the ball. Yeah, you do that. Oh, hold on. So I can make that case for Daniel Jones, all them sacks that ain't on Daniel Jones. All those turnovers, every quarterback, they turn the ball over because what they're doing is that you're making excuses for Joey B because he had 300 yard passes than three touchdowns. Whoa, whoa, Whoa. I ain't made no, I made no excuse. No, I was just giving you better context on how the fumbles happen. So who cares? Did he have the ball in his hand? Yes, Sir. So all those fumbles and interception that what you call them, we see, we saw Patrick Mahomes two years ago.


How many Carons did he, he has seven interceptions. So, and like three or four pick sixes that went through the receiver's hands. Yeah. When you fumble the ball and your defense is bad, all I know is this. Patrick Mahomes got to the Super Bowl with the second, with the second or third worst defense in the NFL. Yeah. That is the bargain. Because what has happened is that we've allowed Joe Burrow and he's, he's a really good, he's great quarterback, but we've allowed that one year run tot us because we feel he can do no wrong. Because every year he's ranked the above. Lamar, Lamar is more accomplished than Joe Burrow. Right.


We rank him ahead of Josh Allen. He throws a beautiful ball. He puts up big numbers. But at what point in time do we hold them accountable? Like we have all the other great quarterbacks that haven't fulfilled the promise of what we expected them to be. Right. Because we make excuses. We like, well, his blind side, Hey, look at Mahomes offensive line. Yeah. If ma hold offensive line, any worked in Cincinnati Had them two tackles them two tackles bad. Huh? Them two tackles bad. One team got a level to one record. It's no disrespect. Yeah. And so, and that's the thing, when you just, if you ocho, if you just looked at the stats Yeah. You are like, this man threw for 3 0 9 and three touchdowns.


But he had a, he had a scooping score that the ball was in his hand that gave him, that gave him seven points. And then he had another former that gave him 10 points. So now if I take those 10 points off the board, how many points did they, they scored 44. If I take those tens, Cincinnati scored 38. They win the game. 38, 34 mmda. Yeah, you right. You right. Listen, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm already hurting right now as it is, you know, I don I don't, I don't need you to continue to, to, to pour salt in my wounds. I know, I know. Because look, I, because Let me talk about this. I've been on, I've been on my soapbox all season long and I've been continued to let down. I've been continued let down out. Well, get your ass off it.


Huh? Get your ass off that box. I'm off of it right now. I'm off of it. Because you know, you know, the higher you up you are, the easier you easier target you to hit. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's What they say when snipers shooting at, what are they trying to do? See, when snipers are shooting, they're at a higher elevation. Right. But when you show your head, that's when they can put that bang on you. Yeah. Yeah. You better get low to the ground. Get off the box. Yeah. Say, Hey guy. Hey man, I thought my bingo's gonna be better this year. It's over for y'all guys. Yeah. You know, it's a wrap. Oh yeah. I, I, I thought, I thought we was gonna be better. I thought matter of fact, and listen, I was listening to the Joe, Joe said we could win seven of the last nine. There's a possibility. So when he said that in front of the, how I was hyped, I was hyped, Joe.


I was ready. Joe. I've been talking ca I've been talking cash. You know what, I've been making bets with Ryan Clark. I can't even eat McDonald's till, till, till January now. Yes. Yeah. But you, you know what? Listen. And you can't say foot Oh. Till January. Why? Oh. 'cause we lost. You lost, you lost like five in a row. Yeah. Now you just loose. Hey, so you say I can't say foot or ball because my family Foot or ball. Nope. Nope. Ocho even you ocho you playing the game. I said, Ocho, how y'all gonna go out on a run when your defense is historically bad?


Your quarterback literally has to play a perfect game every time. I know one turnover. Because first of all, your defense is not really gonna be able to stop anybody right now. You turn the ball over. You give them And if you give them points on your possession. Yeah. Oh, don't cry. No, no. Don't cry Uhuh. No, don't cry. You ain't crying yet. Chad. Don't let it fool you. You should be crying. Sorry. We go. We, we going, we gonna be all right. No, y'all ain't. We Gonna be all right Next year. Y'all ain't gonna be all right this year. Hey, fine.


You done got people. You have people in Cincinnati believe in you, man. Ocho say we gonna be all right. Not everybody, not everybody ain't doing nothing but eating chili and hotdog. Stand up. Sit up in your chair. Come closer. You blurry. You blur, Don. No, no. You get, you bring your hands back into focus. Y'all got OCHO crime. Bingle Bingle. What y'all Bingle Nation. Bingle Country. What y'all are here? Here, here you go. We'll be back. We, we we'll be back next year. That's what Custard said. When they sent his ass out there. He said, I'll be back. And they ain't seen anything. He went up a little Big Horn and they ain't seen his ass since.


Yeah. That was in 18 75, 78. What was that? When the little, when did the sending bull get on Custards? We, we, we gonna Be back. I bet that was somewhere between 75 and 78. We'll be back next year.


The following ad is sponsored by Pet's. Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from Pet's Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pet's Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get Up to 90% on eligible Vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered and administered by Pets Best Insurance Services llc or underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company, or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com/policy.


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for Business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism In addressing transportation barriers, these tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile Congratulates Easterseals, Southern California for their unconventional thinking,


The all electric Chevy Equinox, EV combines everything you need when you're ready to go. Ev starting at 34,995. The 2025 Equinox VLT gives you an impressive balance of all electric range safety features for peace of mind and effortless technology, including the 17.7 inch diagonal display screen all at a price you'll love the Chevy Equinox. Ev is the fun to drive all electric SUV that gives you what you need to do exactly what you want. The manufacturer suggested retail price excludes tax title, license dealer fees, and optional equipment dealer sets Final price. To learn more, visit chevy.com/equinox. Ev,


Did you know that Future Health, the best online weight loss program is giving millions of people access to affordable weight loss meds for less than $3 a day. Like GLP ones? Yeah, you've heard of those. And the best part, future Health makes it easy to get started. Just go to try fh.com and take our quick three minute survey from there, if approved by a clinician, you'll get prescribed and get meds delivered to your door within 24 hours. Plus, with Future Health's ongoing support from over 6,000 physicians and licensed pharmacies nationwide, you're never alone on your journey. Connect with qualified doctors who understand GLP ones@tryfh.com. Yeah, we've made it ridiculously easy to find us. That's try fh.com. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try FH com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there with low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit sn h u.edu today to get started.


I don't care. I don't care what Nobody say that. That's okay. We, we had a bad season. Sometimes people have bad seasons. Sometimes people have some of the greatest players on offense, you know, and, and sometimes things don't go the way you want it to go. Like sometimes. Like You could talk your ass off. I ain't Finn leave. We ain't Finn we didn't come here for that. We could, Hold On. I'm trying to, I'm trying to laugh and keep from crying. Let, let's change, let's change the topic, man. Shoot, man. No, we ain't finna change no topic. That ain't what we do. We don't duck. No. Chad, do y'all expect NCAP to duck a topic? Do y'all expect us to move on so quickly? No. Lesser. We gotta address it. Your defense is historically bad.


They've been bad. Yeah. But if you go back and look at it, the, the Bengals had Kansas City dead to Right. What happened? Strip sack scooping score. Right? Touchdown. They had the ravens again, dead to right at home. What happened? Ocho Joey b pick Marlon Humphrey. Yeah. At some point in time, even your great numbers can be overshadowed If you are the one that puts the ball in harm's way. Yeah. He's done it. We've seen it. But nobody, everybody just wants to look at the stats. Oh, he played great.


What about those three turnovers? Yeah. That gave the other team the football Yeah. Or gave the other team points. Do we not count that? We count it for everybody else? Yeah. We ripped quarterbacks that turned the ball over. Yeah. At the end of the day, it is his responsibility to take care of the, of the football. So basic as great a player as he is. Right? So, so basically all this is saying to me is, is Joe Burrow is going to basically have to do, he has to, he has to put on the Superman cake because our defense is playing so bad, right. He has to do what Josh Allen is doing. If Josh Allen could do it, and he, he can overcome himself and not make the mistakes he made in the past and has his team playing the way he has him playing.


Joe Burrow has to do the same thing, and he has to do with a much better supporting cast offensively. Yeah. Hold on. I It sounds easy. It sounds easy, but it's not easy to do. Josh. Alec makes it look easy, but it's not easy to do. But I understand, I understand where you're coming from. I remember when Peyton Manning had those bad defenses in Indy. Oh my goodness. And, And even, and even he was putting up those numbers. Oh, Peyton, Manny can't get the done in the big game. Peyton, manny, yada, yada, yada. Even though his defense was historically bad. Y'all didn't make the excuses for Peyton that you make for Joe Burrow. And I just need to know why. Yeah. I got time.


I took me a nap today or two. I got time. Yeah. I I know you got time. I I took a nap today too. I took a nap today. No, we're good after We, well, I need to tell, I need you to tell me why, why is Joe Burrow getting a pass? I didn't, we never gave paint a Pass. I I didn't give him a pass. I say I, I said he didn't play well. I said he didn't play well. Now, when you said about the three turnovers, I just wanted to add a little context on the turnover. Just say they weren't all his fault. But on the stat sheet, guess who guess whose name is by them turnovers. Ocho. Yeah. When are the strip? Hold on. When have we not given a strip sack to the quarterback? Because the ball's in his hand. You didn't hear what I just said. I just said, when we look at the stat sheet, who are the turnovers on whose name is there? The quarterback.


Yeah, I know. I'm, I'm, I'm just saying, I'm just, I was just trying to give a little context on, on, on what happened or whatnot. But he, he didn't play, he didn't play as well as he needs to play. Joe Burrow needs to understand, and I'm sure he understands, and he would have this conversation with his head coach, with his officer coordinator, and with his quarterback coach. You have to protect the ball. You have to, in order for us to even have a chance to win going on from this season and later on in the future, you have to be the best at protecting the ball and not turning it over. Because if our defense is not playing as well, or playing the way they played this year, at any point, there is no way for us to overcome those Zero No way for us to those mistakes.


And we not finna move on because I'm not finna let you do this to Russ. And Russ, you trust, you say you love Russ. I do. I do. Well, let's give Russ some flowers. I I lo 29 30. I'm, I was the only one standing on the soapbox with Russ too. Now don't do that. You Were Yeah. I, I Russ 29 of 38, 4 14, which is a career high. Three touchdowns, one pick. He was sens No. Today. Yes, he was. Yes. He was His career high. He knew, like, look, as good as our defense is our, their offense is going to score. It is incumbent upon me as the quarterback.


And one of the leaders of this. Well, he is the defacto leader on offense. Right, right. Oh, we could have our way with these guys, boys. Yeah. And think about it. Ocho you did get seven from Brit. These guys got picked six Early. Oh yeah. That thing, that thing was nice. That thing was nice. That, that was good. Listen, boom. Point of attack. Nice little jam. Boom. Eyes on, eyes on the ball. Oh, we going the other way. I ski. I ski. Let's go. Yeah. That, that was right. I thought Nathan, after that play, I thought we was finna run away with the game. Yeah. That was a, and I remember, do y'all remember when Peyton Manning was losing the Tom Brady? Oh, he'll never beat to And Peyton was winning MV MVPs. Yeah. But Tom was winning Super Bowl.


He wasn't putting up numbers like Peyton. Right. But he was winning. Oh, Tom, Peyton never win. I remember when he got beat 41, nothing by Chad Pennington. He got beat by Billy Bowlick. Oh. They were just ripping Peyton. Yeah. Ripping him. His defense worked very good. He's putting up even his owner when Peyton talking about, I don't, IIII want, I don't want, I want championships. I don't want no Star Wars numbers because he feels that Peyton underperformed. Right. And now, and Peyton go back and look at Peyton numbers. That man won four MVPs. Yeah. And all of 'em wasn't in no Super Bowl seasons fans. Mediaite killed him.


Me too. I was one of them. Yep. Me too. Yep. Go back and look at when I was on CBS. Right. Beat him up. Everybody did. But now, well, Shannon, his defense, y'all didn't say that when Peyton had a bad defense. Right. Y'all just said he couldn't stand Up to Tom Brady. He lost the Super Bowl. Good. Look at Peyton numbers in the Super Bowl. But he had that one Pick six Tracy Porter read it, right? Yep. They came with a zero bbl. Yeah. He undercut the under route and he, he them out. Y'all gotta stop this. Y'all, y'all got very, very short memories. But what I'm seeing on the show, what I'm seeing, right. If we like somebody, we'll make every excuse in the world for Yeah.


I don't give a damn what he does. Yes, sir. But what he or she does, if we like you, but I'm gonna call it straight down the middle. Y'all know how I am. Yeah. Now y'all get on me and say Shadow don't. Yes I do. Y'all know I do. Go back and check my track record of ccb s if y'all don't think I call it down the middle. Me too. Me too. I call it down the middle too. Me too. Me too. Yeah. Check my track. Record Russ. Put F in. Yeah. Russ say Hey. Yeah. See, but here's the thing. Hey guys, with people, y'all keep saying get out, man, his flowers. Don't gimme my flowers. I'll plant my own damn garden. I'll grow my own damn flowers. Wait, hold on.


And I my own. Hold on, hold on, on. I'm tired of y'all. Y'all don't want get people, Russ. Hold on. Plant your own damn flowers. Grow your own garden. Hold on. Hold on. And pluck your own flowers and put 'em on display. I. Don't need nobody. Don't gimme no more flowers. I don't want 'em. Hey, I got my own garden growing. I'm on the road. I'm on the road, but I got a notepad. Hey, I don't need y'all to gimme my flowers 'cause I'm fixing, what'd you say? Plant. Plant my Own. I'm gonna plant and grow my own damn flowers. Hold On. No. My own garden. My own. You said my own garden. Yes. Yeah. Whatever. Whatever. Whatever you want. What you want. You want roses, you want daisies, you want lilies, you want patas. I Want Cornus. You Know, you know what I want? I want tulips, Want Tulips because I bam.


Grow Your own. Yeah. I saw the movie Stormy Weather and Lena Horn, she liked tulips. So I'm gonna give me some motherfuck tulips, Russ, listen, Russ is in the ideal situation. Yeah. He's with a coach that understands quarterbacks. Not that he can coach 'em, but he understands the psyche of a quarterback. Yes sir. And the one thing you can't do with a quarterback is beat him up mentally. And I think Sean Peyton beat him up mentally. Yeah. For whatever reason, Sean never embraced Russ. No, he never gave, he never gave, he tolerated him. He's like, I got a year with him and I'm not so sure that Russ could've done anything other than going to the Super Bowl that would've ingratiated himself with Sean Peyton.


Sean Peyton has a guy now, and he, you know, hey, he has a young guy and young guys for the most part, Ocho they're happy to be there even though they're first round pick and they can stomach a little more. Russ is a vet. Russ has been to Super Bowls. Russ is multiple times Pro Bowl player. He's like, why you talking to me like that? Yeah. What? Hey, one one. He's been Okay, go ahead. Go ahead, go ahead. No, no, no, no, no, no. Go Ahead. I was gonna say, I was gonna say, for those that have been watching, obviously, you know, 'cause you got on me about it, is I've been giving Ru's flowers for a very long time. Even when he was in Denver, you know, on you, you yeah. You, you, you were you sticking to him because things you have won the way they should be going.


I've always stood on that soapbox for Russell Wilson because I understood there's no way, there's no way that a player like Russ that was with the Seattle Seahawks that has played well at a high level for so many years, can all of a sudden could go to Denver and things just weren't right. I think the situation and the scenario that he was in and the pressure that Sean Payton who kept challenging him Yes. Berating him as a head coach. I I, I didn't, I just knew that wasn't the right fit. And I understood. Once he got over there with the Steelers, I said it soon as he got there, I say, man, this is perfect. He's going with the right coach, the right type of coach. Yes. Winning coach with the right mentality that knows how to deal with him. And Arthur Smith has put Russell Wilson in some great positions and understanding his strengths is, and we, his strengths Yes.


And his weaknesses, knowing what he can do and what he can't do anymore that he used to do in Seattle. It has been paying dividends off of him, man. And it's been perfect. It's been perfect. Yeah. He's been, he look, he's been, he's been good. I don't know if he'll he would've ever been what he is right now in, in, in Denver with Sean Peyton. Look, that first year, we gotta chalk that up. 'cause ain't nobody been good under Nathaniel Hackett. Ain't nobody, he got fired in Denver and he lost his play call in duty in, in Green Bay. Right. I mean, excuse me. In, in the jazz. So nobody, so we can, we can't say say, you know what, Russ, we gonna just that first year Now, whatever happened with you, like I said, I, I, I don't know, but it just seems like he was never ingratiated.


Right. Right. Sean didn't put his arms around him. It's like, I'm happy to have you as my quarterback. Nah. For whatever reasons. And, and it was best that they go accept, you know, you go your way. I go mine and we are both better for it. Right. The Broncos are doing quite well. The Pittsburgh Steelers are leading their division. They're doing extremely well. And I'm, I'm happy for both because this, this match wasn't gonna work in Denver. Not, not Russ and Sean Peyton. Right. Maybe it's with somebody else, but not that. Right. But Russ, Russ needed to go and get built back up again. Yeah. And he, he, he, He had to start, he had to start, he had to start from scratch.


He had to start from scratch. And, and, and what better place to go than with Mike Tomlin? Who's on, who's on firm soil firm footing good foundation. He has a firm foundation. Good foundation. He ain't going nowhere. Nah, he ain't going nowhere. And so the Bengals allowed 520 yards matching A season high. Okay. They Surrendered 44 points. Those seven came with a strip sack that was turned for a touchdown. Ocho check this out. Yeah. The Bengals are the first team in NFL history to lose four games or more when scoring at least 33 points in a game. You just gonna, you gonna pour it on all night, huh? Nah, nah, I'm just saying. I'm just saying I don Gonna pour it on.


We lost the game now. I I, I done shed tears and all about my team losing. I, I'm, I'm okay. You want, I'm, I I've been vulnerable. I'm, I'm letting the world show that I'm vulnerable and how much this shit means to me. And you just gonna continue to pour on and just take the gasoline. Right. You gonna take the gasoline and pour it on the fire anyway? No, we're done with it then. Okay. I'm gonna move on to the Texas and the Jag. No, go Ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead and finish. Go ahead and finish. Just, No, we done with that. Just Give it to me. Just We done got all we could at that horse. Look, do me a favor. Lemme tell you what I did Just n nail me to the cross. Go ahead. No, no, no. What we did, look, okay. We had a horse. He was a race horse. Yeah. We won as many races as we could. That's all. And then we turned him into a plow horse. We put him in the fields. So, okay. Now he can't plow anymore.


Now it ain't nothing enough to do. We either eat it or we turn him in the glue. But we've got all we can out of this. We've got all we could outta this horse, Chad. So now we to go someplace else. Okay. Okay. Okay. The Volume


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The Best Club soccer tournament is Underway with a brand new format and things are heating up Match Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes, including Doman versus Barker and NTUs versus Man City on Wednesday, December 11th, and decide which match to watch. Paramount. Plus also has you covered with the ZO Show, a whip Around show with all goals from every match. Try it free today at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports.


Have you heard of GLP ones? Of course you have. Everyone's buzzing about them. But here's something you might not know. Future Health, the best weight loss medication provider online makes it easier than ever to connect with doctors who specialize in GLP ones all for less than $3 a day. Yeah. Just take our quick three minute survey from there, if approved by a clinician, you'll get prescribed and get meds delivered to your door within 24 hours. So what are you waiting for? Get access to leading weight loss meds and enjoy ongoing support from a network of over 6,000 licensed physicians and pharmacies nationwide@tryfh.com. Yeah, we've made it ridiculously easy to find us. Try fh.com. That's try fh.com. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try FH com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple terms starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


What's good, Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound on the tear. Be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash Project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit Purina dot com slash purple to get involved.