
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs, Bank USA, salt Lake City branch terms, and more at Apple Card dot com.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits You may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree, you've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, hell, who doesn't? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect the smoky flavor. That length of time you can fly from Miami to Los Angeles and back from Los Angeles to Miami. 12 long hours. That's about how long it takes Oscar Meyer to smoke their bacon. There's no wrong way to enjoy it, so buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon.


Right now I'm partnering with PayPal. The holiday season is here and I'm gonna save big with cash back offers in the PayPal app. It's easy. I browse deals from my favorite brands, save offers in the app, and use PayPal checkout online. Really, really easy. Whether I'm buying gifts from my family or treating myself to something nice, I'm earning cash back. And you can too. Don't just pay PayPal. Check Offers in the app for details and exclusions. Cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options. See PayPal rewards terms.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere. And boom, you realize you're missing a part. It's okay because you know whatever it is. It's on eBay. They've got everything. Brakes, headlights, cold air, intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love The Volume.


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


CD LAMB season is over with two games to play. The Cowboys opted to shut him down. OCHO CD has dealt with a sprained AC joint in his shoulder since November 3rd, lost to the Falcons and he is aggravated almost every week. And more scans this week has showed that the injury had worsened. But ocho, you know I didn't say ocho, you can't make it any worse. No, You always tell about the injury. Well, they want you to keep on playing ocho. You can't do more damage to it. So, well, if that's the case, why keep on hurting then? Yeah, if I ain't gonna need no surgery, if this is worse as it's going to get. Why you tellem? I'm gonna need surgery. Yeah, I can do more damage. Man, that car already beat up. Yeah, well I can do still do some more damage to it. Right? Lemme run into another wall.


But with the Cowboys eliminated from the playoffs, the team has decided to set his number one receiver. And the statement of Cowboys said he's not expected to need surgery and should make a full recovery through the process of treatment and rehabilitation. He's, he's over a thousand yards, right? Yes. Okay. Okay. We good? Go ahead and shut that down. Yes, go. Go ahead. Go ahead and shut that down. Get ready for next season. You know when you get back ready, you and you and Dak get in the lab. You and d get in the lab. Matter of fact, you gonna be ready for mini camp? Matter of fact, you gonna be ready for training camp? That's another duo. Yeah. Y'all need to hit the ground, Right Joe? But they weren't ocho. They're not, they weren't on the level that I thought they were gonna be on considering what they were last year.


Well they couldn't be. They couldn't be. You know that chemistry, it ain't like, listen, that chemistry has to be built back up. Okay. See the land missed all the training camp. Yeah, I agree Gary. We gonna get a deal done. We gonna get a deal done. You playing around, you playing games, man, if you serious about actually winning, do right by your team. Do right by your players. Have everybody in the building when they need to be there. Now why you think, why you think, why you think goddamn Michael Parson said what he said earlier. He planted the seed right now. Don't play with me when it's time to gimme my money because I wanna be at mini camp. Yeah, I wanna be in the off at the off season program.


I wanna be at training camp. I don't wanna be holding out like every player has to do when it's time to get goddamn paid. I think they just like the fact that they got us out here begging, waiting on our goddamn money. I think they do it on purpose. Purpose because the numbers are what they are. The numbers are what they are. What are you waiting for to pay these individuals? Ain't nothing magical gonna happen. Ain't nothing magical gonna change about the market. You know what it is. You know what he's supposed to be paid. Just get the shit done. Get it done. How your players in there. Oh Joe, here's something that came outta nowhere. Deshaun Jackson is finalizing the deal to become the head coach of Delaware State.


Yeah, Jack, Pete Thamel. He did an on-campus interview in recent days and decides are expected to come together in the near future. Per source's always been a dream of Jackson to coach at an HBCU. That dream could, could become a reality in the near future. We saw Mike Vick take that direction. Eddie George at Tennessee State. We saw Coach Prime was at Jackson State. Eddie Rob was at Grambling. Michael Vick, Norfolk State. Yeah, Norfolk. Mike just went to Norfolk. Eddie Rob was at Graham. Was it Alabama State or Grab Oh, Eddie Rob Jr. Yeah. Oh, You know the one that played the Titans?


He played the Titans and the Jags. Oh, okay, okay. Yeah. He played in the NFL also. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What do you think Ocho? Shit, I like it. I like it. I'm about to hit, I'm gonna hit Dja too. I'm, listen, I just want intern. I wanna intern. I don't, I don't want to coach. I ain't never been to Delaware. I don't know where Delaware at. If I look at the map right now, I couldn't tell you. I couldn't tell you where Delaware was at. But, But, but they know we saw you at the globe. We saw you on the globe. Tried to pick out the country. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, listen. I know D Jack there and I know if I ask DI say D Jack, listen, let me come in an intern. I'm, I just wanna talk to the receivers. Yeah. You know D Jack there, but you can't go, you can't go there because you dunno what Delaware is. I know, but D Jack gonna gimme, I got GPSI got GPS and I'm an intern.


All I wanna do is I wanna diversify my portfolio and have intern at Delaware State on my resume. That's all I wanna do. That's all I wanna do. Listen, I got 50 11 goddamn jobs and to be able to have boom intern at Delaware State as a consultant and assistant to the head football coach, that would be D Jet. That look good on my resume because you never know what opportunities are gonna be presented to me in the future. I thought you didn't wanna coach though. I'm not coaching. That's why I said intern. So what? Oh no, but you said presented you for you in the future, what opportunities gonna be presented? You interning. Oh no, no. That's not what you wanna do. Listen, the opportunities I'm speaking of and speaking about isn't gonna have anything to do with coaching.


Oh, okay. And just have it on my resume based on what it is I wanna do. I might wanna enter the corporate world. I might be the CEO of goddamn Amazon or Google. Oh, a C oh C-O-O-A-C-M-O. Because I, I, listen, I talked to Jeff Bezos and we What about janitor? Oh, What's that? They you give, they'll let you use your head as well as your hands. They put a hat on your head and a broom in your hand. Right. Sweep the floor. Ocho. Wait, listen, I ain't got no problem with doing janitor janitorial, janitorial services. You ain't got no problem. Hey, because my fee is high.


My fee is high. If you willing to pay my goddamn fee, I'll sweep any motherfucking thing. Yeah. I, I already know. Yeah. They know you clean, you cleaned some nasty areas before. Hey, that, that, that's one thing about it. If you don't wipe too good, I finish it with my tongue. Ocho Eric B enemy. We just spoke about him the other day. Eric B. Enemy will join. He going back to Kansas City on Joined the Washington Huskies coaching staff as an offensive analyst. Okay. Is Eric b enemy being shut out of the NFL? Know what I I wouldn't say he being shut out. I wouldn't say he being shut out. But you just, you just got fired. You just got fired. The NFL season is headed into the playoffs.


I don't think any NFL teams wanna bring on Eric Bienemy right now. If there's a team that's going to bring him on, it would be the Kansas City chief next year. Andy Reid and Eric Vimy, I'm sure like this, I'm sure pacs from Holmes also. But that's the case. Why not just wait till the season over? I know, but maybe he, maybe he wants, I, I don't know. You can't ask me. Maybe he wants to, to not not be sitting around on the, on the sideline or be sitting around at home and he just wants to work, he wants to do something. But I'm sure for opportunities that are presented itself, it would be with the Chiefs. Probably not anywhere else. Just being honest. 'cause you know how, you know how that coaching thing is. Yeah. The coaching thing in general, the friends always continue to make sure each other have jobs.


Yep. Always. I Agree. Yeah. Always. So if Eric b Vietnam enemy is going to get a job again in the NFL, it would probably be with be with the Chiefs at some point. Yeah. If there's, there's always room because they, they can change the, they can change the name or what they identify you as. Yeah. And they always fill you in, in some, in some type of spot. Well, I, I, I'm glad I don't wanna be a coach because I know I can get me a job because the Shanahan's got two, got too many on that coaching treat. You got LaFleur. Yeah, you got McVay. You got O'Connell. You got McDaniel and you got, I can get something. I get me an analyst, I get something tight.


End coach assistant to the head coach. I get me a job. Yeah, No, I'm good. Yeah. I don't, I ain't trying to put in them kind of hours. No, no, no, no, no. Because I know the kind of hours I put in as a player studying. Oh, the coaches is worse now. The coaches, the coaches is worse. You gotta tell me. I think about, I think about some of the teams, let's think about the team this year. The teams that have a losing season, you know, the kind of hours coaches put in. Yeah, I've seen it. I've seen Marvin. I've seen you. I seen Barbara, Kelsey sitting there all time night. I'm like, y'all ain't going home. Yep. They got pillows and they got blankets in there in the office. Air Masters. Yeah, Absolutely. They got a game plan. They ain't, they ain't, they ain't going home.


Nope. We got a game plan. Oh my goodness. And then I think about this, I think about all the teams that are having losing seasons like the Raiders or like the Giants. And I'm thinking about the coach staff. I'm thinking about the hours that they putting in you not seeing your family, not seeing your kids, you not seeing your wife. And not only are you putting all those hours as a coach, then the goddamn record and the work you're putting in, the hours you're putting in Is not reflective of it Getting the goddamn results. Oh hell nah. Coach who? Man, I, I'd rather play Madden. Yeah. You got tell help me. Nothing. I want no part of it. That's why I say when I was done with football, you exhaust all of that. Yeah. I want no more parts of football. Right. I'll talk about it. But as far as like put those kind of hours in to go into wee hours at all time of the night.


Oh hell nah. Absolutely not. Nah, I'm good. I appreciate that. And, and no, I don't, I don't mean, I don't mean to be rude and it's not about the money, but UNC coaching don't pay enough unc, I'm just telling you. Not not, not compared, not compared. No, no disrespect. It just, it don't pay enough the hours you put in and the chances of you not getting the results for all the hours and work you put in, it ain't worth the pay unless you one of the big boys. Unless you the Mike Tomlin, you know, or unless you the Andy Reeds, you know, those that have been in are in great situations where you're gonna consistently win over and over. You know, NFL owners, they got a three year grace. You only get a three year grace.


Yeah, true. So you up and move and you don't win in those three years. Now you got to go now what you supposed to do with your family now? Not what you supposed to Do with coaches is like being in the military ocho or being a, being a Pentecostal mil minister. You know, you gonna ocho you, you know you gonna move. Right. You know it, it ain't no situation because look at Coach Saban as greatest. He was, coach Sa was at Toledo. He was at LSU, he was at Miami. Miami Dolphins. He's in Alabama. Yeah. As great as he was, he moved on, lemme take that back. He was the DC at Cleveland. Well, Belichick Belichick was, there was Saban too, right? Yeah. Coach, coach Belichick was the head coach.


Coach Saban was the DC Yeah, But what about, what about these, what about these coaches old show that that's been, you know, oh five and then ain't no guarantee because they might you offensive coordinator, they might find you because offense ain't looking good. They might find the defensive coordinator because he not looking good. The DB coach, the linebacker coach, the D like, oh hell no. You see, see what happened. Now you, you make me uproot my family all 50 11 goddamn thousand of my goddamn kids. Yeah. And I'm, I'm, I'm, let's say I'm, I'm in wherever coaching. I'm officer coordinator, I'm a head coach and things ain't going well. You know, 'cause I ain't got no goddamn quarterback. So I don't know what you want me to do. I don't have no quarterback.


And without a quarterback, you not gonna win no goddamn gangs. And you talking about the owner talking about you finna fire me. Finna fire. Who you think I'm finna go tell my wife you fired me and we got up and move back to Miami. Man. Nah. Run me, run me, run me. My fa yo run me my fa right here on, right here on the spot. And the thing is Ocho and We gotta swap him. You know why, you know why I couldn't coach Ocho? Because I really can't go out there and physically do nothing. All I can do is instill the training and the knowledge I can and the players. Right. And it's outta my hands. Yeah. And hope I felt that. You gotta hope, I Felt that when you played ocho you felt you could have some impact on the offense that you could help. I felt I could have impact on the offense and we could win the game.


I can't do ish. I don't like giving up that kind of control. Yeah. And the funny thing about, you know exactly what to, what to do. You can coach, you have the knowledge of it. So you're teaching, critiquing, trying to be technical from a standpoint so they don't get it wrong. So you can go out there and perform at your best. So I can get the most outta you based on what I know. I'm giving it to you. This is what it should look like. You're going through film, you're breaking down tapes, you got your game planning and they get out there and don't execute it. And they got you looking bad because players get coaches fired. Yeah, for sure. Players get coaches fired, Get himself cut, get the coach fired. Yep.


And you think I want no part of that.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA Member FDIC.


Okay, bacon lovers. Let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Meyer. Big cut bacon. Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich, smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Meyer smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day, twice as long as most bacon is smoked. So for that savory, smoky, thick cut bacon, keep it Oscar,


Listen pat and tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Resto Form mattress. This state art memory foam technology will have you feeling like you're sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Myers smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah, while you're sleeping, Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon you'll dream about. Keep it Oscar.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liqueur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Congratulations to Easter Seals, Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism In addressing transportation barriers, these tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile, congratulates Easterseals Southern California for their unconventional thinking.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Oh Joe Xavier Legett bought brought raccoon to the locker room for everyone to try. I listen and I, I, I say I've never seen it like that. The way my grandmother and everybody that I know that, that I've ever seen prepare raccoon. Normally they cut him up. They get a nice medium sized raccoon. You don't want him too big because you know, but look, you gonna put him in vinegar anyway and soak him overnight. But anyway, yeah. So you gonna chop him up. You gonna get you a pan with aluminum fo y'all call it ten four, we call it aluminum fo. And you cut him up Ocho you get your bell pepper, you get your onion, you get you some celery. You put him down in there. Hey, okay, you put that 10 fold over the top of him and you let him stand that oven for a hour or so.


Probably about a hour, about 90 minutes. Let him bake. Now you wanna put some barbecue sauce on him? Put that barbecue sauce on him. Slap his ass back in the oven for about another 15 minutes. Now you got some, I've never seen it like that with rice. I've never seen, I'm not saying you can't prepare it like that, but growing up and I've seen a lot of people prepare it. I've never seen it prepared like that. Now that's a si. Maybe that's a South Carolina thing. Maybe that's specific to that region. Right. You know, but I've never seen it like that. Now with squirrel, I've seen it. Squirrel fried. Smother fried. I've never seen squirrel baked. I've only seen it fried and smother. Fried raccoon. I've only seen it baked.


I've never seen it like chicken or rice. It's almost like, 'cause it looked like it was, he had it with rice right now. But I've never seen it like that. I'm not saying you can't eat it like that, but my grandmother, all the times I saw my grandmother prepared, my great-grandmother prepared. My aunts prepared, my sister prepared. I've never seen it prepared like that. Now I don't, I'm not saying I wouldn't eat it. I'll try it just to see what it tastes like. But I know the way that I've eaten it growing up. Yeah. I like that way better. I could already tell, but that doesn't mean it's al it almost, it almost looked like boan. Who like budha booty? Nah.


Oh, okay. I'm, I'm making Okay. Okay. You you got it. You gotta pronounce that out. B-O-U-D-I-N bud. Oh, okay. I thought you were talking about something else. Okay. Okay. Nah, Hell Nah. So, but hey, hey, like I say, it's been a while, but I tried. I mean, I done tried, you know, look guys, you have to understand when you grow up and, and, and I think his situation is kind of similar to mine. He probably didn't have a whole lot. Guys, you not getting no ribs. You not getting No, I was just talking to my sister the other night. Oh Joe, we got fried chicken on sun on Sunday. That's the only time I've ever eaten fried chicken. I've never had fried chicken on a Monday or two.


Now if it was left over, my grandmother was gonna smother fry. Wow. You gonna get that flower with water and, and make gra and, and smother fry it. But on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday. I never had fried chicken on those days unless you got it from a like the hen house. That was the place after I had graduated and went off to college, they had what they call a crispy chick. Right. But as far as eating at home, we didn't get that. You got chitlins. You got raccoons. Somebody come by. Hey boys, y'all want a raccoon. All they wanted was the hide the firm. So they'd already have the raccoon cased out or that's what they call it when they take the hide off of your, had them bust down.


But it make you leave a foot on him. So you could tell that's not a puppy, that's a raccoon. So he would already, he would already be dressed by the time you get him. That's what they call it when they gutting him. Take the head off, take the frog off, they call it and they have it. Hey boys, y'all Yeah, we we'll take it. They Call it a bust down. Like a bust down. Like he bust Down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. When, when they've, when they've already got the hide off him, they take the, they take the hide off him because that's the only, that's really the only valuable part that the hunt, the trappers want. Because they trap them. You trap 'em or you get dogs to go hunt 'em and tree 'em. So you had a black and tan, you had red bones, you had blue ticks, you have blood house, you had a, a tree and walker. You had dogs that go hunt.


And so you turn the dogs loose and after while you hear them, they got some trees. Now you go a, you get your rifle because you couldn't shoot it with a shotgun 'cause you messed the hide up. Right. So what you want is a 22 rifle, small caliber hit him in his head. Boom. You don't pun puncture a fur. Hey to hide. So that's now a squirrel. Ain't no value. Ain't no value in the squirrel. Hide. So you ain't raccoon, I mean excuse a squirrel. You use shotgun. A 4, 10, 12 gauge 10, whatever the case may be. You get that, you know you hurt quail, you know you use birdshot.


Right. Something that spray because, because once you hit a flock of them, they gonna scare the hell out you. But they gone. So you gotta, you gotta, you turn fire so you won't shots that spread. Right Now if you hunting deer, you use a shotgun, but you gonna use, you know, you might use a slug or you might use buckshot, but you don't care. Hold on. You gotta be close enough. How you gonna use a shotgun on a deer? You gotta, you not close. You gotta get for that to hit. But a lot of times people hunt from a stand. So you, for the Yeah. You or you use a 30, 30, 30 off six. You know you use rifles. Damn man. And so now You know how to do, Huh? You know how to do the process of skinning the process.


It Takes my brother can, no, I, I was young. My brother, my brother watching my uncles do it. Right. And so he would go hunting and, and he do it. He kill a, he come and case him by himself. Yeah. He could do it. Damn. Oh yeah. My bro, my brother, my brother killed a deer. A eight point buck with a, with a, with a single shot rifle. Yeah. He came home, he came home running. He was huffing and puffing. My uncle didn't believe him. He said, he said, James, I killed a deer. He said, man, you, he said, what you kill it with? He had, he had a single shot rifle. Yeah. My said bro, you ain't killed no deer. He said, come on, let me show you. Went back there man. We call hell dragon our deer out of there.


And they probably weighed, you know, a hundred, 150 pounds. Woo. That's a big boy. Yeah. Yeah. That's a big Boy. But, but that's what ocho you ate those things when you got hog. The somebody might come home and it's like, Mary, we got So they bring you the feet. They bring you the tail. They bring you the head now. Oh, you thought you were gonna get the rib, you thought you were gonna hit the shoulder. You got the hog mo. You got the chitlins. Right. You got the heart, you got the liver, you got the feet, you got the tail, you got the head, you cut the ears off and you can make piggy sandwiches. That's what you got with the cow.


You got the tail. Right. You got the tongue. It wasn't getting no good cuts of meat. So what y'all thought we was gonna eat Right Now? Think about oxtail, oxtails or delicacy. No, no. People wouldn't eat oxtails like that back in the day. Not, yeah, not our counterparts. They eat it now. Yeah, you can, you can't be, you can't. You try to go into, you try to go to the soul food restaurant. They ordering up all the oxtails. You know, You know how expensive oxtail is right now. Yeah, I know. How expensive they're And stop playing. Yeah. Stop Playing. But that's what you ate. But that's what you ate growing up.


So you ate alligator? I don't know you alligator turtle. Yeah. Yeah. They look like they got, they got a, the got a tail like a little alligator and they got the ridge on the back. Yeah. So we, hey we catch 'em as big as a number two, a number two wash. We call it wash tub. Some people call 'em 10 tubs. Right. It all depends on where you grew up at. But if you're in the south, you know exactly what I'm talking about. A wa number two wash tub or 10 tub. Yeah. As big as that is the bottom you talking about Something like 8 85 even a hundred pounds. Oh, we coming. Oh you coming home? My granny was gonna cook you for sure. Even the softshell turtles with the, and like I said, if you're from the south, you know exactly what I'm talking about.


But, oh yeah. I don't know what y'all thought we was going eat. You ate possum, you ate raccoon? I had a, a great uncle. He ate armadillo. I, I, but see that's why I draw the line now Ocho, I mean I got some pride. Right. Sometimes you just gotta say no. Look. Hey, like Ka said, sometimes you gotta tell him no. What's wrong With armadillo? What's wrong now? I tell you this ocho now you talking about some pretty white meat. Yeah. Possum got some of the prettiest white meat you see when you get him dressed. Right. But hey, them old folks eat you. You think somebody's snapping? Hey you think somebody's snapping their finger? That's lip popping. Nah, but y'all, well you better than me.


You can have that Y you ate it. What you gonna do? Like my look it. See? Oh. I mean I listen, if, if those my circumstances were like that, like you then I wouldn't have no choice. But he did not be used to it. But the fact that I didn't grow up like that, the chances of me, hey even now just to say I'm eating. No, that ain't had, ain't What my grand lemme tell you. Hey, my grandma ain't really telling what we eating. My grandma just sat the plate on the table. You ain't eat. It's up to you. Huh? You ain't, you ain't eat it. Do Hey Grant, I don't want this. Okay. Do without Mayor party say do without. Yeah there are people cross the river. That's what, what they say cross the river that be overseas. They ain't got nothing to eat.


My girl. Hey chicken, you got the neck, you ate everything on the chicken. Don't yourself the first and the last part to get on the fence. The beef, the butt. You ain't eating the beef and that. But some people eat that little fatty part. If you're from the south again, you know what I'm talking about. That little fatty part like right there. People eat that right there. Nah, but you got the back, you ate the back. There ain't nothing. Chicken necks. You ate thes. You ate the livers. Yeah. I be, everybody want the breast and the wing. Ooh, no, no, no. You better get them next in them bags and get on up outta here. What? But I, I, but I would, to make a long story short, ocho I definitely would try that raccoon.


I would try it that way. 'cause I've never had it that way. It'd be interesting to taste. But I know sister have that thing that put that thing in that pan. Yeah. With them onion and celery and bell pepper. Chop cover that thing up. That 10 fall over minute. W See now you, now you got me hyped. Now you, you talking about, you talking about, you talking about that guy that you just mentioned. Oxtail. I'm thinking about oxtail now I'm thinking about two of, two of my, I got some, I got some in the freezer right now. For real. Yeah. See it's, it's Too, I got me a mess in the, I'm talking about the old I look sometimes, sometimes you gotta go to the butcher because if the butcher, they'll cut it like you want it.


They be getting, sometimes you go to the store, they get them lu one thing. No, no, no. I want thing like fist. I don't like a fi. Big boys. Yeah, man. See I don't see, you don't come to Miami often, right? Yeah. Remember can you come Kayvon Webster. Kayvon Webster played LeBron. Yeah. Yeah. Kayvon got a spot out here, right? Yeah. Real nice spot. Real nice spot called Smith and Webster. Now when I go to Smith Webster, I get the goddamn oxtails. Yeah. Look like a goddamn fish. There's another spot. My homeboy out there in the city. What do you got Man? Listen, he sell the goddamn oxtails and grits. You hear me? Ooh. Hey call I crave, oh, I love me some grits.


Hey listen, He got, man, listen, you can get the, you get the shrimp, the cocktail and the grit. You get the shrimp, you get the, you get the waffle, you get the pancake, you get the chicken wing. I love some grits. Man. If I go somewhere, if I go somewhere, I'm trying to find, they got some grits. Man. I love Mr. Grits Ocho. Now if I go to a soul food restaurant, I'm looking up there, if they got oxtail, I'm probably gonna get oxtail. Right. But if they got neck bones, I'll probably gonna try the neck bone. If they got pork chop fried or smother fried, I, I'm gonna get those Turkey wings. Okay. How you got the Turkey? I'm gonna get that. You got some dressing probably go get that too. I like to go and I might not have but a bite Right. Or two bites of, but I want try it all. That's how I am. Yeah, man.


Hey listen. Oh man, God. Now you got That's what, that's in the morning. That's where I'm going. See you done. You done, you done amped me up. I'm going, I'm going in the morning. Yeah. I'm going to give you some a sales and gr in the morning. Yeah. Hey, I love, I love some gr gr and eggs baker. Woo ocho. Check this out. NFL viewership of Christmas Day game peaked at 27 million during the Beyonce halftime performance for the Texan Ravens NFL game cast reit. A record breaking 65 million viewers in the us. I know LeBron said, Hey, I know LeBron said he loved NFL football, but Christmas alone to basketball. No, it don't.


No it don't. You could take Jackson. You could take Jacksonville the Giants and put them on th and you put them on head to head against any NBA game and they'll out draw. Absolute Absolutely. Absolutely. For one, it's not for one for the NBA it ain't got damn playoff time. Let's, I Don't care if it's playoff time. Ain't nothing touching, ain't nothing touching the NFL. No. Hey, so what, what was, what was the, what was the, the viewers when, when Beyonce was performing 27 million at halftime? Man, listen man, that's, Well she get a thing too now. Oh, oh, oh. Cowboy Carter. Well, you ain't, you gotta tell me.


You ain't gotta tell me. You gotta remember now. I used to be a backup dancer for Beyonce about 10 years ago, so I already know what she could do. So I understood what the performance was gonna look like. 27 million. That ain't nothing for Beyonce. You hear me? We talk about the greatest performer. We talking about the greatest laugh performer since Michael Jackson and anybody wanna argue? We can argue about that. Now there are other great performers and entertainers out there, but we talk about the greatest of all time outside of Michael Jackson. She, but the thing, the thing that I love about Beyonce ocho is I know what I'm gonna get. I'm gonna get consistency every, every time, every she gonna give me two hours and it's gonna be nonstop. And it's going be, it's going. She gonna do what she do Every Time. Every time. That's all, that's all I can ask for.


I don't care if you see her in Sweden. I don't care if you see her in in the Staples. I don't. Well, she can't do staples. I don't care if you see her at at at South SoFi. I don't care if you see a Mercedes-Benz Dome. I don't care if you seear at Caesar's in New Orleans. I don't care where you see this woman. I know what I'm going to get when I see Beyonce knows Carter. And you know what the problem is? You know, you know, you know the problem. Another problem. What's that? Most of the time it don't matter how much Beyonce tickets cost, it don't matter. Yeah, for sure. 'cause it's worth the price of fucking admission. Yeah. Because you know what you're getting. You ain't just getting Beyonce. You getting, it's all about an experience. It's an experience.


It's an experience that you're gonna be able to talk to years from now. You'll be able to tell your grandkids about. Yeah. When Michael Vick played in Atlanta, it wasn't about no football game man. An experience. Yeah. When you go watch Beyonce, it's an experience. Yes. And you don't understand it. Watching videos on Twitter, you won't understand it. Watching videos on You Gotta see her. You gotta see her. You gotta be there in person to understand what it's all about. Yeah. And until you do that, you'll never get it. Yeah. IIII, I wish, I wish of all things I could have done. I could have seen Janet when she was at her height, because a lot of people tell me Janet did was in her bag.


Sir, we know Michael. Look, and this is not a disrespect on anybody, but until somebody can come out on stage and don't move a muscle for 13 to 15 minutes and people start fainting, don't talk to me. Yeah, yeah. Go talk to me. Hey, you know, I, I had, I had a few faint over me in kindergarten now. Yeah. Don't put nothing down, But Beyonce be, look, I know what I'm gonna get. And that's what you, that's what you hope for with anything you hope for consistency. And she did a thing last night, cowboy Carter. I didn't know a whole lot of her song. I mean, I know like a, a few of her songs. Yeah. Oh, I listen Jolene, I know the routine.


Yeah, I know, I know. Man. Stop playing. When they brought out what you call it when she brought out her daughter, I like to see that. Yeah, I know, I know. The whole routine. Shoot you talking about Cowboy. Come on man. Cowboy o show shit. It's being reported that Beyonce was paid $20 million to perform the Netflix halftime show. Worthy of it. Worthy of every penny. And the change and the change You wanna show. I mean, look at all, look, I mean, look at all the people. They all the dancers.


I don't know if that was that Texas southern band that she had. Most of the time it is. I think it is Texas Southern. I think it just like local, a local band. Hey, they did they thing, they all in the cowboy. Hey, hey. She did. She did what she did. She did what she did. Did what she supposed to do. Did what I expect when I see Beyonce. She was, she was sensational. That's what I, I mean, sometimes I'd go back and I was like, man, I wish I could have saw, like I said, had an opportunity to see Prince, but I thought the tickets that were like 120, $150, they would being scouted for 3000. And I was like, man, that's too much. And that was like a, a Friday that he performed and then the following week he, he was dead. Right. And so I you're never go, you're never gonna see that.


Never gonna see a guy, a   opportunity to see Michael. Because by the time I had money to probably go see Michael, he wasn't touring like that. He wasn't, I mean my, I had uncles and them in the aunt that saw the Jackson five when they came to the Civic Center. That was in the seventies. But, you know, but Bru, I've seen Bruno. I, but I, but you know what? Want you to be honest, I like to sit down and chill. Yeah. I like, I like, I like to go see, I like to go see like I saw see Earth, wind, and Fire and I saw oh yeah, Paul and Frankie Beverly. I saw India R Re and I see, yeah, I saw, I saw Frankie, Beverly and Mays. I one more for, I saw ND Rre, I saw Seal, you know, I saw Boonie James, I got one more for you. Who? That I've seen Lenny Kravitz in person. I mean in, in, in concert a few times.


Lenny Kravitz. I just saw him. We just saw him. Please tell me you saw Anthony Hamilton in concert too. I, you know what, Anthony and I, we, we dim a lot and hey, I've been, I've been trying to get, get hey, be somewhere where he's close 'cause I wanna see him. But I did see Lenny Kravitz in Cannes. He was performing at a, at an event. Yeah. Wasn't it might have been Google or YouTube. And he was, he was performing. So I did see Lenny Kravitz, Lenny Anthony, Hamilton's nice. Wait, music Soulchild. I rode, I rode on the plane with music Soulchild. Man, listen boy.


But I, you know the, now my thing is like to go back and like all the big bands, the OCHO that I grew up, the Ohio players, the Barcades, the Stylistics, yeah. Lakeside, heat Wave Ohio Players who now I've seen, I've seen, I've seen What's the, what's the group Earth, wind Fire. I've seen them about four or five times. Yeah. See, I want to like go back and see the thing. The the what? Like what I grew up on Ocho. Yeah. That's, that's the, Hey, music would never be the same like that again. Nah, nah, they don't. No, no. I mean, look Maxwell. Woo. Now you Maxwell.


I've seen Maxwell probably like eight times. Yeah, Man. Yeah. When that joke take them, you know, he got them. He take them beer man. When he take them outta show. Just, and just get on boy Lord have mercy. Yeah. Max nice. Max nice put Maxwell and DeAngelo had a nice little runway boy. Oh yeah. Time Timeless music. Oh Joe, check this out. Miami head coach Jim Lauer Nagel resigns mid-season Amid Amid NIL disputes. Jim Lauer Nagel on when the turning point for him towards retirement.


After we went to the 2023 Final four, A players wanted to transfer or seek better NIL deals. They told me they loved it at Miami, but wanted to seek better deals. Larry Nagel told reporters he felt he couldn't successfully navigate the whole new world that I was dealing with. The university needs of new leader of the program. One who's both the deaf at and embracing the new world of college. Inter athletic intercollegiate athletics Jordan. It it, the, the, the, the pressure let's pressure bust pipes, you know, either gonna play or you gonna fold. Either you gonna play or you gonna fold and understand the landscape of the way things are now in college, in college, football, basketball, whatever it is that you do play in order to compete, you gotta play to win.


You gotta pay, you gotta pay to win. That's just the way it is right now. And you can't quit. You can't quit. You can't, you get in the field and you do what's necessary to put together a competitive program. But how many times have coaches gone to the national championship game or had an outstanding season and the college go to them, give them a new deal and none of the players quit. Now the players get a little bit of bread. They want some money, they want their fair share. Nah, I can't navigate it. Yeah, okay. Oh, so damn, Damn it it ain't, it ain't, it ain't so funny when the rabbit got the gun, huh?


Yeah, It's different. It's, it is different now. You got, you, you gotta actually do some goddamn work. Hell it d yeah, it's Different. But you, but you see what happens Ocho there's an African proverb that says, until the lion learns how to write, the hunter will always be glorified until he can write his own story. We gonna always glorify the hunter. Now all of a sudden the lions have learned to write. I done lost. Which Is the, which is the student athletes, they're learning to write and now all of a sudden, Hmm.


That's a good one. That's a good one. Now that would, that was nasty. Hey, chat somebody in the chat. Send me that quote. Send me that exact quote. Just tweet it to me real quick. Yeah, I, I'm, I'm gonna say that for later. Oh, you gonna use that one Ocho? Yeah, I'm gonna use that one. You remember it? You remember it? Yeah. The the chat. The chat gonna remember it for me. I ain't, Until the lion learns how to write, the hunter will always be glorified. That's nasty. Ocho check this out. Scientists predict women will be having more sex with robots than men by 2050. I won't know nothing about it. I I I sure won't either. 'cause I, They won't know nothing about it.


I'm gonna be in the upper room. I won't know a thing about it. Ain't no sense to be lying to you. And besides, by the time I get that age, it won't work anyway. So it won't matter. But that's the only way I'm gonna quit. I ain't gonna quit till it quit. Quit 2050. How, how old, how old will I be in 2050? It all depends. What you, what you 44 now? 46. Are you 46 now? So you add 25 years of that. Oh, 70. Yeah. Damn. Oh, Imma what? Still be here? What? Not. Knock, knock. Knocking, knocking them. I knocking her down. Excuse me, You, oh, osha.


OSHA be, Hey boy, we had a good run. You know I saying o hey osha it up. Hey, hey, all I gonna do is all you because at that point in time would I be, you know, hey, I'll be 25, I'll be 81. Yeah. So at that point in time, mocho ain't number memories. Yeah. You know, you be good. 81 because yeah. Ain't ain't no going on. Oh yeah, it is. I don't know. I don't even know a row. I even know a row could help me by then. Yeah. I I, I dunno if no more road, no more sparks to help your boy by. You gotta understand by the time 2050. 2050 get here, you have to understand that the, the advancement in technologies to help men in that, in that specific area.


I mean, iv, go right into my vein. Alright. Come on. Be, oh, Hey, My, my daughter gonna have to come get gonna say, call my daughter. Say, you gonna have to come get your father. Hey, well my kid, my kid better not put me in no home. Boy you don't wanna be.


Listen, they, they, they put me at home when I, when I get old. But whoever, whoever in that, whoever in that home and that, that, what? Not, not, not hospital. Hospital. No, no, no. It's, it's, it's the assisted, assisted living facility. Assisted living. Or I'm running through everything in that bitch. Boy. Hey, that what I'm telling you, they gonna have to come get the Hey, you have to come get your daddy. Yeah. She All right.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank and NA member FDIC.


Okay, bacon lovers. Let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich, smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Mayers smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day, twice as long as most bacon is smoked. So for that savory, smoky, big cut bacon, keep it Oscar, Listen, pat a tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Resto form mattress. This stated art memory foam technology will have you feeling like your sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 Hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah. Why are you sleeping? Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon you'll dream about. Keep it Oscar.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, leco, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism In addressing transportation barriers, these tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile, congratulates Easterseals Southern California for their unconventional thinking.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


All right, Ocho, it's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and eighth. Hey, that goddamn nap, that that damn nap. I wonder I got this Said and Ocho, I'm tired. The bears only need to fire everyone from the gym to the entire coaching staff. If they, if they were, if they were up there burning fries in the concession stands, they would fire them too. I'm tired. Hashtag bear down. I know how you feel. Yeah, Bojo. You know, look, at the end of the day, look, there're gonna be wholesale changes. They're bringing in new staff and you know what happens when you bring in a, when you bring, you know the head coach gone.


Everybody's gonna be gone. So they're bringing an entire new staff. You probably should have did that last year once you got rid of, once you got rid of Justin Fields and you had a, so you should have had somebody else co, co coach Caleb Williams because you saw a lot of the, the what happened with Justin Fields, you saw that happen to Caleb Williams. And so I just think at, at, at this point in time, yeah, obviously you gonna make a lot of changes and anytime, you know, coaching staff comes in, teach you want to get his players. So you gonna have some turnover there. But King, I don't, I don't think you'll have that problem. I think they're gonna be a lot of, I don't know if the GM is gonna be gone, but the head obviously the head coach, if they're already on the, in interim head coach and he hasn't done anything to warrant keeping that job, but they're gonna be a lot of changes going on.


XX Coach Sanity. The Bears haven't been the same since they fired Lovey Smith after 2012. Season. Fresh high. You're right. They fired. What would the Bears give right now to be ten six? Man, listen, they Fired that man after a 10, six season. You know, you know how they, man, let me stop. Sometimes a man can make his destiny on the very road he took to avoid it. You did everything you possibly could after the man went 10 and six to try to improve. And guess what you did? You met your destiny. Sometimes Ocho a man can make his destiny on the very road he took to avoid it.


That's that day. That's two in a row there For Uncle Ocho. Could tonight games be one of the worst of all time over the last few seasons? Boy, can you imagine if they had that game on Christmas? I thought they'd be grin bad. Please. That was a bad game. Yeah, it was bad. That was bad. 63. First of all, look, you know, at first, at this point in time with the season in Chicago, you kind, the weather is gonna be bad. You know that Ocho? This is Chicago. This is the Midwest. Yeah. You probably thought you was gonna get snow, but worse. The snow is cold ass. Excuse me. Cold ass. Rain. Rain. But listen, Seattle shouldn't have no problem with that because what, what you think Seattle get half the time?


Oh, rain. Rain. Yep. We did. We had a great Christmas. Elijah. Hope you had a great Christmas. Also, bro. Hope you love the Bears. Bears did everything to lose this game for the draft. Capital is still nearly one. If I'm Seattle, I'm worried about heading into the playoffs. No I'm not. Because guess what? I'm trying to win. I'm headed to the playoffs. Bears going home. The bears are bad. I mean, ain't no way around it. They're, they're bad. They're not a, a well coached football team. I think they got great players that's not coach very well. They make a lot of mistakes. What didn't the guy jump offside? They had it fourth and something and the guy jumps offside like, bro, what the hell?


Oh mm. Filthy McNasty. Happy holidays, OCHO staff and the chat question, what are your, I'm here moments in the NFL career. Thank you for all you do. Keep smile, keep smelling Ocho fly Eagle fly. Catching a touchdown in Kansas City. My first game, I got an opportunity to play. Really? Got an opportunity to play, started split me out, wide. Caught a touchdown on, on on K Rock. He had gone to the Pro Bowl. I belong. Yeah, I belong. I knew I belong.


I knew I could make a, I could make a damn good living. Now once they moved me to tight end and you know, all my teammates, Dennis Smith, who was one of the great safety, he's in the ring of Fame, Carl Mecklenberg, Simon Fletcher, all those guys said, man, you could make the Pro Bowl. I'm like, huh? Like ain't no tight end can move like you. Hmm. I guess, hey, I think Wade Filler for that because I was the biggest wide receiver and so I played tight end on the scout team. Mocho. Yeah. Cooking, man. I'm talking about, I'm a combination of Jamar Chase, Travis Kel.


Oh, I'm them rolled up into one. I'm catching the ball, putting the ball in the woods, scoring touchdowns, spiking. I'm doing everything I'm talking about. I'm cooking everybody. Yeah. Ain't nobody had no chance. Wayne Philip blew that whistle and say, Dan put his ass in the game and let's see if they can cover it because we can't. Right. Next week in the game. So yeah, that was, that was, but it was actually it once I got in the game because I had been, you know, was making plays. But once I got in the game, Ocho and caught a touchdown on a proven player, Yeah Man, you couldn't hit me in the ass with a red apple.


I belonged. I belonged. Yeah. I think my, my belonging moment once I, once I kind of, kind of figured it out was obviously my first touchdown. Never forget against the Chargers. Rodney Harrison and the DB time played for the Miami Hurricanes Ryan McNeil. My first touchdown was on Ryan McNeil. And once I got, once I caught that touchdown on him, my and most once my confidence got there and said, okay, I done settled in a little bit, but unc that was all, that was all she wrote. By the time I got to the middle of year two and I started talking a little bit and I figured it out, boy, it, it wasn't but hell for the next nine years, Tamika, Jason, unc Ocho, what can my saints do to get back to winning next season?


Man, y'all didn't do for a major overhaul. Y'all got a lot of guys making a lot of money that's not producing. You gotta keep your quarterback healthy. He has to play with more consistency. And that's kind of been Derek Carr. He, he, he plays great sometimes and then you are like, bro, have you ever seen a foot or a ball? But they, they gonna, they look, it's not good man. They not. Oh Joe, I I think for them is that they like, they had Drew and they kept going for it. Right. And they didn't re really like replenish the roster. And so they got some older guys now they got 'em have to make some decisions 'cause they got some guys that's making a lot of money.


Ocho that's not giving them a lot of production. They Gonna have some tech pickup Or move along. Drew said Ocho, will you cover your betting tab with Unc? If you sign a picture, I got, I got of you for my late. Oh, I'll cover the betting tab if you sign the picture I got of you and my late father. Unfortunately, I'm not gonna let you do that, drew, I Got you. No you don't. You ain't got me. We See you at Drew. I'm gonna see you in New Orleans, bro. I'm gonna see you in New Orleans. You see me all the time. Ain't broke bread yet. I ain't seen you yet.


Drew said the homie Zay recently brought a bingo cat. Named o named him Ocho. Can I give y'all Zay and his cat? Ocho a a shout out. Yes. Zay. What up? Got a cat named Ocho a bingo cat named Ocho. I like that. I like that. You like cats? No, I like it. That cat? Yeah. Yeah. I like cat. I like cat and they be pur and me out too. Yeah, I like them. I dunno about what you're talking about, but yes, I do. Sure do. Sure do. I I like, I like I'm talking about the Pacific cat that he's talking about. I don't like cats like domesticated cat. I like Bengal tiger cats.


Yes. I like Cat, I like kitty cats. You know what I'm talking about, what I'm talking about? I dunno what you talking about. Yeah. I ain't, I ain't trying to get in no trouble, but I hear what you're talking about. Yeah, I I know, I know Aaron. Aaron Owen says, I've been a historian of the NFL since I was 11. I love the game. It's what I like to be Ray Nitsky luncheon and the room with the best of the best. I wish I could experience that. That's an unbelievable feeling. The Ray Nichi lunch at OCHO is that that's the first time that all of us, all the Hall of Famers are in there. And the Hall of Famers, the new guys that's going in, they don't speak but the veteran guys that are in the hall of Fame, right? They tell you what's expected of you once you become a member.


So you look around, obviously you take the pic, you take the photo first, and so you look it around because you, you you're in the front and you look around and you see Joe Green, you see lt, you see this one, you see that one you like, damn, I grew up watching them. Wow. That's a great feeling, boy. Amen. This one and that one. I'm talking about the greats or the greats, right? And you like, I'm in this room. That must be mean. Yeah. Boy, that's a, that's an unbelievable experience.


And then to go back in that room the following years and then you get an opportunity to speak and the other and the incoming, the rookies. Listen to what you have to say. But it's a great feeling. It is an unbelievable feeling. It's an unbeliev of unbelievable honor to be in that room. Ocho, that concludes this episode of Nightcap Guys, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. And do us a favor, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed. I don't really need to tell you who I am, but I will, I'm your favorite on Shannon Shark. That guy is Liberty City Legend, the bingo ring of Fame artery, the pro bowler, the all pro.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And every subscriber counts. We thank you for your support. You guys showed up for us even after this game when there are a lot of things you could have been doing, like watching paint dry, watching a worm fight. Well, hey, even for the last time, maybe go get some leftover, but you chose to come and share it with Ocho and I and we greatly, greatly appreciate that. Make sure you go check out Shea by La Porter. We have it in stock. The holidays are here. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter? And unfortunately, if you cannot find it any city or state near you, just order it and we'll ship it right to you. And do me one more favor, please.


Drag responsibly. Go check out my media company page on all of its platforms that she, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We had our latest drop just last month with shirts and sweats as well as stocking stuffers such as beanies, coozies, and mugs. Quantities are limited, so please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Everyone receiving their orders. Hopefully you got Monday, Tuesday, obviously Wednesday was the holiday, Thursday and Friday. So hopefully everybody will have their shipment to them by Friday. Let us know that you received your order and what you think of the merchandise that you ordered Tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. Our first spring tour, stop on sale now.


The links panned at the top of the chat. February 6th in New Orleans. Be there. Great lineup of guests. You don't want to miss it. We've been nominated for two sports casts, two sports podcast awards, the best American Football podcast and the best sports comedy podcast. Please make sure you go vote, give us a vote for us. And the link is that to chat pin on our social pages and in all of our social bios. We'll see y'all Saturday night. Can't wait to see you Saturday night and wasn't very interesting, but hey, we gotta say it again. The Seahawks beat the Bears by the score of six three half a game back of the Los Angeles Rams.


The Rams are at home, the final two games. They get the Cardinals on Sunday and then the following week they played Seattle with with the winner. Hey, take it. Going. Winning on. So Seahawks win six three with a chance to stay up, stay right behind the Los Angeles Rams. The Rams, played the Cardinals on Sunday and then followed up with the Seahawks. Thank you for joining us. We'll see you Saturday after the game. The


Volume. Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, hell, who doesn't? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect the smoky flavor. That length of time you can fly from Miami to Los Angeles and back from Los Angeles to Miami, 12 long hours. That's about how long it takes or smoke their bacon. There's no wrong way to enjoy it, so buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon right now


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


Once upon a time Amazon Music met audiobooks and listeners everywhere rejoiced. Oh yeah. Because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles, including romantic autobiographies, true crime, and more. Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon Music app now to start listening terms Apply.


Mrs. Myers Clean Day presents Goodness from the Garden. Imagine your home blooming with floral scents, no dirt or grime in sight. That's the power of Mrs. Myers Clean Day with uplifting scents and down to earth values. Mrs. Myers collection of household products is inspired by the garden, each scent made with essential oils and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients that don't just smell delightful. They're tough on messes too when it comes to cleaning. It's more fun if it smells like the garden. So visit mrs myers.com.


Now,


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money up for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save, and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/iheart.