
What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device, qualifying credit and port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


Black Friday football on Prime is back. This week, the Raiders and the Chiefs into the end zone. Unbelievable. Catch an old school rivalry for a new game day firing stream for free. Only on Prime. Great move. Black Friday Football Raiders versus Chiefs kickoff at 3:00 PM Eastern. Pregame at 1:30 PM Friday only on prime restrictions. Apply c amazon.com/watch. Black Friday Football for details.


Hi, it's the Herd. I'm partnering with PayPal. Turn Black Friday into Stack Friday in the PayPal app. PayPal. Find tons of cashback offers to stack on top of Black Friday deals from your favorite brands. All you gotta do is check out with PayPal online. Now that's a stack. Don't just pay PayPal. Check offers in the app for details. Cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options, terms and exclusions apply.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer attorney is underway and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. There are some massive games coming up, including Byron versus PSG on Tuesday, November 26th, followed by what is likely to be the biggest matchup of this stage. Liverpool versus Real Madrid on Wednesday, November 27th. Stream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the Uafa Champs League. You can try it free today@paramountplus.com slash live sports


The Volume.


The Emirates BA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in-season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on draftings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Bill Belichick linked to the Cowboys in the book as Landing spots Ojo. Hey that, listen, unc, listen every every show, I ain't gonna lie to you. We sit there and we tease Bill on the show and we ask him, Ryan Clark make jokes about he continued to ask unc. I mean, he continued to ask Bill where he's going and he keep doing it so he can bring him in as a GM or assistant GM or something like that. Ryan, funny said, I ask him all the time. Seriously, even when the camera's not rolling all unc, all he do Bill smile. He smile and just keep on going. He, he don't say nothing. So when, when, when I hear stuff about these links and stuff like that, but when I think Bill is not going anywhere, he doesn't have a quarterback.


But if you don't have a quarterback in place, it's gonna make it that much more difficult to win. Ask, Ask Bill. What? What? Ask Bill. How, how did he do in Cleveland? We didn't have a quarterback. Ask Bill how he did in, in, in, in New England when he didn't have a quarterback. Yeah, Yeah. Ask Coach Saban when he didn't have a quarterback. How he looked. Yeah. He went to Miami, didn't have a quarterback. Yeah. You see, and he went right, went right back to college. Yeah. Yeah. So the, when we hear about these links, any team that has a quarterback, I believe it. I believe it. I believe it a little, a little bit. And he'll take care of the defense end. If you got a quarterback to work with and he understands what it takes, Bill's number, One thing. Do not turn the goddamn ball over.


Oh no. That gets me the ball. Protect the ball. Bill will work on the defensive side, handle whatever he needs to do over there. As long as he's able to have full control based on where he goes. If ownership understands that and allows him to, to do the things he needs to do to build the, the team he needs to be able to compete, he'll be fine. Which is why anytime I hear any type of media or analyst say anything about, or a source says him being linked to Dallas, man, come on man. Stop playing. Stop, stop playing. Stop playing. There's, listen, that, that, that's a circus over there. And there's no way Bill would insert himself in being a part of the circus and being seen as a clown because he won't be able to, he won't be able to have the freedom that he needs to be able to conduct himself as a coach.


That he wants to be. I believe it. I I, I look, I, I believe it. And Jerry hired Bill Parcells and gave him credit, gave him, gave him control for a while and look to was still in his prime. Coach Parcells didn't want to. Jerry says, I do. Boom. But you said you gave, and he referred to him as the player. He never called to his name. Right. He never called him his name. I mean, some of the stuff that Coach Parcells did. I remember when they drafted Terry Glenn and he got injured. He called him. She You for real?


Yeah. Oh Man. You know, look. Oh, Joe, look, we old enough to remember yo bill a lot of stuff that the coaches did, not just in the NFL but in high school and college. Right. Man, they lose their job. So they have quick now. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Most definitely. Well, they run your ass up wherever you are. Yeah, most definitely. Most definitely. I, I look, I I think Coach Belichick is, like you said, it's all dependent on, on, on, on the, on the quarterback. But you gotta have some strong leaders. I mean, Tom Brady, the Patriot way is Tom Brady. Yeah. That's Brady's way. Because no matter what was going on, a lot of people probably thought Coach you better check without his damn mind.


Coach. You be Tom Brady was the guy that was in the locker room that, that smoothed everything over. Yeah. He was that spreading knife that made sure the frosting was even Coach Belichick and said what he wanna He was that guy. Number 12. Yeah, That Guy. It was, I ain't gonna take nothing way. Coach Belichick, he had some great draft, you know, to get Gronk. He saw Gronk, he saw Hernandez that him, you know, he drafted a lot. You know, Richard Seymour. And he kept McGinnis and he, he kept brewski. He traded, made, he got Rodney in free agency and redid time. Look, he, Logan Mankins.


He did. He, Hey, he made some good picks, made some bad ones perfect. Made some bad ones too at the end. And that's what got it. Yeah. Listen with the bad ones, listen to me. Even with the bad ones, the, because of the quarterback you had, because of the quarterback you had, it was, you were able to overcome all the bad picks. But then you Start until, until you didn't have the quarterback anymore. No. But if you saw as Brady started to get older, he need, you go to Tampa and you got Godwin and you got Mike Evans. Yeah. And you got an outstanding young defense and you bring in Gronk. Yeah. Because now he had a a, an edman that was on his last leg. Too many collisions.


Yeah. And OG was gone. Bronx says, I'm, I ain't going. I I I'm done. I I don't wanna do this no more. Right. And all of a sudden you draft like, bro, how you draft two tight ends and none of 'em on the roster, and you draft two tight ends and then you gotta go sign tight ends and free agency. Right. Bro, you just spin a second and third round pick on tight end and you got to go get some in free agency. Yeah. And look at the guys that, the guys that he drafted, most of 'em are gone. Yeah. There gone. A lot of 'em are gone. Hey, that, that, that draft is crazy though too on when you think about it. 'cause no matter how they looking in college, there's never a guarantee it's gonna transition or trans transition well into the NFL.


You don't know ojo. You never know. You don't, you don't know. And I tell people like, you don't know until you get him in your u in your building, in your helmet, in your uniform. That's when, you know, and sometimes I've seen guys, Ocho, we come out there and, and the OTAs and we go, you know, mini camp and do flying. I'm talking about like, and then don't laugh. You, I tell the truth. You know exactly what I'm talking about. Man. We put that joke in them pads. Oh, it's, oh no, hey boy, that's the ball dude, ball game. I'm like, what the son?


Come on son. Damn, What the hell? Hey, hey listen boy, you put them pads on, boy. That's the moment of truth, boy. Yes. That's the moment of truth. And don't let and don't let us. We have to scrimmage against somebody else. Oh yeah. Somebody that you don't, Hey, they're trying to make the Yeah, try they trying to make the team too. Yes. And they don't know you. They like, I better make my name off you. Yeah, Man, please. Oh, That's funny. But I wish Coach Belichick the best after a frustrating year. Deebo Samuels has prompted criticism for one of the Niners best ever players. Former 49 ERs Carol Low criticized Samuels CAEs season on 95.5.


The game Deebo is not really playing up the Deebo standards. It seems like he's more focused on his pre-game attire than the game. If we can shift that focus, maybe we could energize and create some more production from an offensive standpoint. I'm just being tongue in cheek with that. But Deebo responding, Teo cut it out, fam. Hey, every, everything is magnified, every everything is magnified. When you lose, when things aren't going well, you know, you, you know those on the outside, you know, not, not just speaking on, on, on Teal's part, but just in general, you know, they find all the things that, that might need might not be conducive to helping your team win or having you play at the highest level that you can.


But it's just, it's the time. It's, it's the times that we're in, it's the times that we're in now and the 49 ERs. For some reason, we, after Thanksgiving, I, I'm gonna say it again. After Thanksgiving when football really starts, for some reason they always go on a goddamn, You know, pur is out tomorrow. Right. Oh, shit. You know, Nick Bo is out tomorrow. Right? Nick Bo Is out too. Yeah. Yeah. I, I, I saw Boas is out too. Okay. And so that, that takes away my, Hey Kittle Is Kittle in or out? Well, kid gotta be in kiddo. Gotta be in. But for some reason, you know, towards the end of the season, you know, the goddamn 49 ERs always going to run.


They always going to run. Now with goddamn boasted being out and goddamn purdy being out, that doesn't make things any goddamn better. Damn. That don't make anything. Goddamn damn. Excuse me. Hey uncle. Who, who the who, who the 49 ERs play tomorrow? Green Bay. Excuse me. Oh, that's, but hey Unc, it can get, it can get real ugly In, in Green Bay too. It can get real ugly and it better. And it's probably cold, huh? Well, yeah. What's the temp in Green Bay tomorrow? Probably about 30. We we in November? Yeah, I bet it's about 32 27.


Shit. It might be 2043. Oh, they, oh, they good. Oh they good. That's football weather. Yeah. It ain't that biting cold yet. Former Tennessee Titans head coach Mike Malarkey, admits he leaked. He was getting a contract extension knowing he was getting fired the next day to get back at Titan's ownership. Ian Rappaport is not happy. Years ago, Mike Ma, Mike Malarkey thought it would be funny to lie to me to get back at his Titan Bosses. It was not funny. Coach O. Now Chad, do y'all see with stuff when they, when these reporters be reporting things right now, you see where it comes from?


Yeah. Coaches, general managers, owners, players, The, the sources. Thank you. Yeah. That's funny. That's funny. Mike, Mike did that to Ian like that man, I know Ian Madden a motherfucker because hell yeah. That, that messes Up his, that's why he said he, that's why he, that's why he tweeted like it's not funny. Yeah, because that's your cred, that's your credibility. Credibility. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That's, that's, that's all you have when you in that position too, being right. That's it. That's it. Oh, that's funny. But hey, and the rockets lost to the Blazers. Fred Van Fleet was ejected late in the fourth as he walked off the court, he parked pointed at all three riffs and, and said you B-I-T-C-H to every single one of them.


I saw that. And after the game, he said, I think I'm in enough trouble as it is tonight. So I probably don't need to discuss too much officiating with you guys. Heat of the moment. You always feel right. I know the refs aren't trying to be wrong, but we disagreed quite a bit tonight. Ah, emotions high. Yeah. Wait, listen, you real bold to point, point your finger at the ref and call him. You a bitch. No. Oh, my bad. Hey point. Hey, point it right. Point it right to him in direct. Hey, you think, you think Mike Silver gonna give him a fine? Really? No, I don't think he gonna get fined that much. He gonna get something though, huh? Oh, yeah. Gonna get fired. Yeah.


They Won't su they won't suspend him though, huh? Yeah, they, they might try to set a precedent. You can't be chastising the ref right in, they got right in they face. Yeah. You, you know, you know how to, you know how they are. They like to come down with a iron fist. Yeah. Yeah. They, I don't know. Excuse me. Okay. I I I've never, I've never been that mad upset at an official. I'm like, you missed a call. Yeah. And I'm just like, Hey bro, you missed that one. Oh, all I'm saying is you missed that one. Right. You know who, you know. Who was like Fred? Fred Van Fleet? I didn't say a last name. Van Ble. Van Fleet. You know who was like him every game when it came to the officials?


Who? That goddamn TJ Oshman. Boy. Oh boy. TJ didn't care, man. I sometimes I, I be like, like tj boy, that's the referee you talking to. He talked to the referee. Like he talking to somebody outside. Like, but in the tj, we in the middle of the game. Boy. You can't be talking to the ref, man. Hey, boy, it, oh, it's funny man. It is so funny. TJ was so animated when a call didn't go, go his way, and he knew it might have been a holding, it might have been a face mask. He gonna, he gonna let the ref know. Oh, he gonna let him know With basically no warning. Kendrick Lamar released a new album. GN X you know what GN X is? That's the Grand National.


That was the car released in 87. Yeah. They only made a, a limited number of a mojo. They would haul ass. Yeah. You know how I might try to keep, I might try to scoop me one one day. Now. You don't need that. Save your money man. Save your money. Save your money. For who? I mean, just, just, just in general. Say your money. Say, say you didn't I tell you do. Hey, do Hey, do me a favor real quick, real quick. We where a phone at? Where a phone at? I ain't got no phone. I sold, I gave all my phones away. No, I'm just saying for real. Is your phone by you? I want you to do something me real quick. Didn't I tell you, I told you my money and my last breath gonna run out at the same time? Do do me a favor When I do this, I'm gonna be flat broke. Okay. Listen, just do me a favor. What I want you just, just for the sake, for the sake of of of the partnership, you know the union that is us.


I need you to, if you gonna take anything from me, I want you to take this. You got your phone? Yeah. Now Google. Just Google real quick. Right? You ready? Yeah. Chat. Y'all Google this right? Real quick too. Google. What? NFL player saved the most money. Just google that real quick and tell me what to say. Who saved the most? Just, just do, just do that for me real quick. The NFL What? NFL players saved the most money. Oh Lord. Every mercy. Yeah. Just, just do it. Just do it for your boy. Just do it for your boy, please. Chad. Y'all do it too. Chad. I'm, I'm thinking Peyton Manning or Brady can send they worth like six oh million, but okay.


I said save the most. I ain't say make the most, they, They saved it. Chad ochoco say 83% of his salary by sleeping in the stadium. I mean, it, it is more to it than that. There was a method behind my madness. There was a method behind my madness. You know, a lot of people laughed at me during that, during that time, a lot of people laughed at me. You know, they make jokes, you know, they still do it today. They, you know, they laugh about, oh, you flash spirit. Oh, you wearing h and m or you wearing all those shoes? Or, you know, they, they do all this dumb stuff and they, they don't understand the methods to the madness. And, and, and it's, it's One thing to make money, but it's a whole nother animal to be able to keep it and not just keep it, you know, short term.


I'm talking about keep it long term. You gotta understand. I got, I got old oh, oh, oh old money. You know, I just, I never wear it. You know, most people wear their money. You never know. I you'll never know I have money unless you look at my wrists. No, look here. I ain't, I ain't gonna say you ain't gonna know I got money. But there are signs. Come on now. There Are signs. There, there, there, there will always be a sign. Always. I, I'm just saying. But look, I'm gonna enjoy, I'm gonna enjoy myself Ocho I'm, I'm not gonna be one of these situations that I should, I should dress down or not have this to So somebody, somebody, you might make somebody feel bad, bro. I work hard.


There's a lot of sleepless nights. Right. There are a lot of injuries. Broken collarbone, fractured eye socket. Two, replace hip bone on bone in my left knee, dislocated elbow. Right. Man, please man, I wish I might, Okay. Okay. Well, well, since you do that, I'm, I'm gonna treat myself the sum for Christmas st. Then you Should Yeah. I'm, give me some, I'm gimme something, gimme something nice. I, I'm gimme some real nice. I got, I'm trying to think. You know, I done got the kids out the, I going, I, it's Christmas for everybody. Right, Right, right. It's always, I mean, like, what you gonna get your kids? I get 'em. They get all, all the time. Yeah.


Now they good. They don't really call, they don't really call and bother me. Mine, like Yours. It's gotta be an absolute emergence for them to call me. Right. They already know. But see, the first thing, they don't even call me. They call Shelly. Yeah, they call Shelly. They don't call me. They call Shelly. Hey, I like that. I like that. I like, I like That. But nah, nah, nah. But that Grand National. Nah, I'm gonna get me, I'm gonna get me a, I'm gonna get me a car made, I'm gonna get me a old, I'm gonna get me a car made. I'm gonna get that. Hell razor by Speaking. Nah, nah, nah. Get you, get you listen. Get you a 73, 71, 71, 72, 73. Don Convertible. I don't, no Don, I don Chevy. I'm just saying.


Okay. I don't want no Don Chevy. I don't want no box Chevy. I don't want none of that. I told you I'm gonna get me speed cord. They do this carbon fiber. It's called L Razor. I'm probably gonna get that in 25, 26. I've been looking at it. I've been looking at it. Okay. Okay. Looking. I've been looking, you got My eye. You said 20 25, 20 26. Yeah, yeah, yeah. By that shit. We, we, we, we we'll be worth by 200 million by then. Yeah. You, you, you laughing. Now One thing about it, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm manifesting, I'm telling you. Oh, you Manifested it. Okay. I I I haven't been wrong too many times in life. But when it comes to stuff off the field, and, you know, when it comes to money and, and understanding how things are going and the direction in which it's going.


Yeah. Listen to me.


Did you know there's no Tom at Tom's? The shoe company, you know and love our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows this season embrace cozy comfort with Toms, the family favorite footwear brand from Chic Boots and everyday sneakers to wedges and our iconic all forgo slip-ons. Each pair of Toms is crafted with premium comfort. At its core, our cloud bound insoles provide exceptional cushion, perfect for morning meetings, farmers' markets, and quiet moments at home. Enjoy features like ankle padding, cozy foer linings, and wide width options. So you can always feel like you're walking on Clouds Made for Play. Our Kids Line offers extra traction and easy on, easy off detailing a win for them, a win for you. Explore rich textures and autumn colors and hundreds of styles that compliment your fall wardrobe. The best part. When you buy Tom's, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together, we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date. And we're just getting started. Shop all your Fall Family footwear@toms.com.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch to T-Mobile. Keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


Black Friday football on Prime is back this week. The Raiders and the Chiefs unbelievable. Catch an old school rivalry for a new game day stream for free. Only on Prime. Great move Black Friday Football Raiders versus Chiefs kickoff at 3:00 PM Eastern Pregame at 1:30 PM Friday only on prime restrictions. Apply c amazon.com/watch Black Friday football. For details


This holiday season. Skip the crew socks and ugly sweaters. Shop the Lenovo holiday sale and gift the gamer on your list with the PC they really want with deals this great. You may end up buying yourself one too. With new Intel core I nine processors, they'll be able to go beyond performance and game with without Compromise Gaming happens with Intel. Head to lenovo.com now.


The following ad is sponsored by Pet's Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from pets Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pets Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get up to 90% on eligible vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered in administered by Pets Best Insurance Services LLC are underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com/policy.


Okay, Ocho, as I've said, Kendrick Lamar released a new album, GNX on Friday and he caught everybody's attention from the jump on the first on the album's first song, whacked out mural, K dot called out Lil Wayne and Snoop Dogg. Wayne responded by man WTFI Do. I just be chilling and they still come from my head. Let's not take my kindness for weakness. Let's, let's giant sleep. I beg you all. No one really wants destruction. Mm. Not even me. Mm. I shall destroy if disturb on me Love. But I think Baby, Right? I think the line that Kendrick said was all my work wasn't enough.


I don't think I made Lil Wayne proud. Now I'm not. I'm, I might be saying it wrong verbatim, but it wa it wasn't a dis it wasn't a shot at Lil Wayne. It's the fact that the work that he put in, in getting the Super Bowl and, and getting the green light, the headline, the Super Bowl where he feels as if maybe Wayne wasn't proud, that the work that he's put in afforded him the opportunity to get that. I could be wrong. I, I, listen, I could be wrong. I could be, but the way I heard the line when I heard the album, I, or, or that Pacific song where he says it. I didn't see it as a dis Now maybe, maybe Wayne might see it a little different, which is why he responded in that manner.


Or it could be another line where I don't even know what I'm talking about. And I could be wrong. Chat. What y'all think, you know, got, you know, the chat might be a little bit, a little bit better in this, in this scenario where I'm, I'm assuming they probably dissected the entire album. I listened to it one time on the plane and it, it, it was good. It was dope. It was dope. IIII haven't heard it. I was, I've been busy today. I got a lot of stuff I gotta get, gotta get taken care of over the next Yeah. Before the clo end of the year. Look, somebody's gonna be, somebody's gonna be happy. Somebody's gonna be disappointed. Yeah. Always. It's really that simple. Always everybody. But we've gotta stop this notion, don't y'all, just because the Super Bowl is in your hometown that automatically give, moves you to the front of the line.


Yes, sir. They didn't do that. I mean, look, that was a once in a lifetime thing that the Super Bowl was in LA and Dr. Dre, Snoop D double G, they brought out m they brought out Fitty. They, they had Mary J Okay, we get it. Yeah. But bro, when the Super Bowl was in Atlanta, not one. Yeah. No. Now Usher ended up getting, getting Las Vegas and rightfully sold. But they didn't have no outcasts. They didn't have ti they didn't have Looter. They didn't have Jeezy, they didn't have Thug Gunna they didn't have Future. They didn't have a chain. They didn't have none of that. You have to think about Vegas also made sense for Herher to be performed because he also Yeah. Who the hell they go get Wayne Newton.


He had his, his residency going on at the time. Yeah, but I'm saying, who else would they go get Ocho? Who was the staple? Frank Sinatra been dead. Sammy Davis Jr. Ben Dead. Wayne Newton, Elvis Presley. Who the hell would they go get? Yeah. Dean Martin, all that. Yeah. Yes. Many Things. Think about, you had basically you, you, you had to get, usher had the biggest act in Vegas at the time. Yeah. But, but who you gonna bring in? Look, we know who they want. I mean, you can't have Beyonce do the damn halftime show every year. Shit, Man. Look, they got, they got Beyonce coming out there.


What is that Charisma night? No. Is was it Thanksgiving or criminal night? Christmas night. They got Beyonce. Beyonce, was it Beyonce did New Orleans? Beyonce was was a part of the Two Bowl 50 or with a, a Coldplay. But y'all can't be out. You out there, but damn. No, that's, I like, oh yeah, they should let me perform. No, they should not. Oh, Eddie. Oh, Eddie Kane. Eddie Kane. Ocho. Okay. Eddie Kay. Okay. Eddie Ka Ocho. Okay. Eddie Kay Ocho Nah, they're not gonna let you perform and nor should they, but we'll see.


Hopefully quiet. I thought we were, I thought we were done with the, I thought we were done. Ocho What? With the what? The rap beef? Yeah. Yeah. I, I think it is done. Huh? I think it is done. I think, I think Kendrick, Kendrick and Wayne, they probably gonna talk, you know, 'cause there's, there's a, I think it's a misconception about the line that he said. I'm telling you, he, I, I'm telling you the way I heard it, it's like all the work I've put in, and no one is happy for me that I got the spot as far as the Super Bowl is concerned. And now I can, I don't know that, I don't know the lyric Verbatim. Oh. Oh. Joe, can I ask you a question? Yeah.


When you started doing Nightcap, how many people congrat call you and congratulate you on getting Nightcap? Oh shit. A lot on boy. Hey. They, they, they hit me like Inside the NFL. Huh? Inside the NFL. Oh shit. A lot of people, boy, a lot of people that was, but I'm Saying if had, hey, so we, if, if they hadn't call you was gonna like, man, I can't do this, man. Ain't nobody call and congratulate me. So I'm Oh, I'm done. It, it wouldn't matter to me. E either way, you know, that's it. Psalm 23, 5. But how close, because here's the thing though. O ocho Yeah. I look at it like this. Those are your friends? Yes, sir. People that I, I How close is, how close was Wayne and Doc? Just 'cause we in the same field. That don't mean we close.


I Think they, they more so associates. Huh? Associates. You know, you just happen to do you, you, you have the same respective craft. But are you really as close as you thought? Just because they don't reach out and congratulate you? Yeah. Sometimes. Sometimes they want you winning, but they don't want you winning more than them. True. Oh, now, now, if anybody knows now, you know, I know that now. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. But they already know I used saying Boat Fools. Yeah. I, I I hope they figured it out though, man. Either way. We I Do too. I Do too. Ain't no need for No. No more rap Beefs. No more rap Beef man. You know, I think, I think the game itself, the game itself needs Kendrick.


The game, the game in general, the rap game. The culture itself needs Lil Wayne again, the culture itself, it needs Drake. Knowing everybody is in one accord and doing their thing, making music, not beefing. I think that's when it's at its best for everybody. For everybody. You know, the beef stuff is cool. Having, having two, two giants, like a Drake, like a Drake and a, and a Kendrick going at it lyrically keeping it at the pen. Only the pen. It's great for the culture. It's, it is a great time. But listen, let Bygones be bygones. Everybody get back to, you know, doing what they do best. Making music. O Joe, I got a story for you right now.


Oh shit. Come on. Two Florida inmates are expecting a daughter together after conceiving through a very, very unconventional means. What happened? Daisy Link who became pregnant without ever meeting Johan Dpa Depa. Johann Yohan Daz Yohan Diaz link, who is charged with second degree murder after she allegedly killed her husband, reportedly told her family that she became pregnant after Deep Pass, passed his semen in a plastic wrap through an air conditioned vent link. Described the details that their relationship started by speaking through the vent.


Daz reportedly expressed his desire to become a father. So they devised the plan to have a baby together saying they put the semen in Saran wrap every day, five times a day for like a month straight. He would kinda roll it up almost like a cigarette. And he would wa he would attach it to a line that we had in event and he would pull it through link said from there I placed it in, placed it inside you. You know, the yeast infection applicators I had placed in that there. And then from there, yep. I administered it. Whoa. Hey, this that kind of crazy death bro. Boy, they want, they want a kid bad, huh?


They, they didn't want a kid. Bad is the fact that you're incarcerated, you have no other options. So what's the One thing you do, Kid? I Oh, oh my bad. No, you good. You good? Nah, I'm gonna be good. I'm gonna give you some conjugal visits. You be good. Yeah. That, that's hard, man. How that's, I mean, Cong, even, even on those type of visits, it is hard to have any type of vertical or horizontal activity. No. That's what a conjugal visit is. Ocho. But where they got matter? Oh boy. This ain't they. You get to go, you get to go to the table and put that, put that tool stake on them. Well, You must, you think about God damn, you think about the goddamn movie life that ain't, They don't they have conjugal visits Ocho, But where that's at?


I ain't jail. I Say I'm asking, I'm not gonna be there. I'm just, I'm just, I ain't never heard of that. Now I seen it In the movie. Hey, hey, if they got them flee, if they got female guards, You know, that's the problem. I always, always thought about it. What is it about the CEOs especially, especially women officers that work at the male prisons? They always end up sleeping with the inmates. Yeah. Or, or By, I mean, you got somebody with low self-esteem Ocho, you got somebody baby, you know, you pretty, I know your man. I know your man real lucky. He real happy to have me. Right, right, Right, right, right. You think so? You think I keep telling you that every day? Damn girl, girl you got girl you banging. Yeah, girl. If I wasn't in here, you'd be my lady. Right? I think.


I think yeah. Hell yeah. As fine as you're, yeah. You think I let you walk around and you not be my lady. Next thing you know, he gotta bend over in the corner somewhere. Yeah. I I it is all about curiosity. Huh? You know, One thing, I One thing, I always say human nature is un, un, un human. Natures in never. Oh my god. Human nature's undefeated. You hear me? Yeah. Human and human nature is undefeated. I don't, I don't care about, you know, your moral compass and, and, and high and your core values and, and all this other stuff, you know, that we're taught human nature is undefeated depending on who's asking you gonna break. You know? And if you don't ask man, No. Florida, y'all, I told you we need to annex Florida.


Whoa, whoa, whoa. What Florida did. Florida ain't did none of y'all. Yeah, they do. Florida Did none Of y'all all the bull to go on. What? Listen, this, this, this, this is normal. This this can happen anywhere. It is not, just not, it had nothing to do with just Florida. Oh Ocho check this out. I'm reading this that says check this out ocho. They say the United States Federal Bureau of Prisons do not allow conduit visits for prisoners in federal, in federal custody. But each state has its own rules. Only New York and California for example, allow same sex conduit visits programs which allow an opportunity for conduit visits in the United five states, Mississippi, New York, California, South Carolina, and Minnesota.


So all y'all in chance say no they don't. They do. Stop thinking. Y'all know everything told y'all they do. No they don't. No they don't. Now. Now I need y'all to what y'all, but they don't. Now I need y'all to ass right back in this chat and say yes. They do say, oh we sorry y'all ocho, I've never seen a chat that jump on some type ocho. They just jump on to see if you are not wrong. Yeah. That's all they wait for ocho. It ain't that. No it ain't ocho. No it ain't. Oh. Don't even know what he talking about. Now I want y'all to run it. I need y'all to be just as loud. Right.


Said Oh they do. Dang. As you were when they said it on now. Just being loud. I'm waiting now. I ain't trying to go To find out I kind of, I kind of like the business I get right now, but I'm just telling you how it is. What happens when correctional officers and inmates Yeah. Listen, One thing And sometimes and, and you work in a female prison. Hey they be getting them women pregnant. Yeah. Oh yeah.


But you have a little bit more, you know, I'm saying, you know, males, I mean come a lot of times there are a lot of males that work in female prison. And look, some of, some of them good looking women got a bad size, don't you? They got a bad side to her. Yeah. I think, you know, I think everybody got a bad size. It just depend on it. Take the right person to bring it out. Yeah. Yeah. Take the right person to bring it out. Mm mm Dang I Be scared. Ocho. Yeah. Alright, listen, I I man, listen man, I just, Because then you, you know now if you know you get caught with a prison, you gonna lose your job. Oh yeah. I, I ain't, ain't they Like Shannon ain't.


They gonna be like, they be like Shannon, all these women outside you in prison. Yeah. You just say, well yeah it happened in prison 'cause it was convenient Shooting fish in a barrel. They right there B there it is. Convenient. You know. Nah, Hell nah. I couldn't Do that. I know. I mean I I I wouldn't be in there anyway. No. Hell nah. Nah. You know, because here's the thing, Ocho I had, I had a couple of my homeboys that worked in the prison system for 25, 30 years. And you know he was, he was, he was like, he worked, he gave everybody respect. 'cause that's the number One thing now. Yes sir. They chop your damn head off if you don't give 'em the respect that they Oh yeah. I, I don't care what they've done.


Yeah. Or how you think they are. You better give 'em their respect now. They gonna take it. Respect me. You got to, they make, they, they'll make your life a living. Hell, He would. One inmate told my home, told my homeboy says, he said, I wouldn't do anything to you 'cause I like you. He said, I like the way you treat me. He said, you treat me with respect. He said, you know what I've done, but you give me respect as a man. He said, he said, the problem is he, he said, now you come here eight hours a day to try to keep me in and try to keep me in my place. I get 24 hours to think about how I'm gonna fuck you up. Mm.


My homeboy say, I'm glad you, me and you get along. Hell no. And that, that's true. That, that's really true. Ocho day. I mean it's, it's funny. These are some of the most, they've done some of the most heinous things. Yeah. But they got a cold like pedophiles. Yeah. Oh, you can't put them in gpop? Nah, You kill el you mess with the elderly. Yeah. Oh, you harm a Child, elderly kids. Oh, you got to go. They, they listen. They take, they take the justice system into their own hands. Okay. Yeah. We done, we we gonna move on, on Joe. This is our last segment. We got 10 minutes time for us to do Q and a.


Q and a. Debbie Bell say gd. Damn. Oh. What kind of dog is that? B It's a, it's a South African Bo bowl. It's a South African mast. Just like an English mastiff or a bull mastiff. It's a mastiff. It's in the mast family, but it's a different breed. But it's called a, a bbo. And he's two, he just turned two and he's 176 pound. Hey, I'll steal your dog. Huh? Okay. Come on. Get It. I'm just saying I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm thinking about like the, the old me, like the old me back in 87.


You know when I used to steal mangoes off people tree and take people. Dog. You take your dog and I'll sell your dog to my homeboy in Miami. I'll, I'll know who got it because when you go to the hospital with dog bites in your ass, Ocho took it. Hey, you think your dog will bite me? Yeah. If you come up in the house. Absolutely. I, but I will come in your house. I will put your dog in a full Nelson. Okay. I will be upstairs. Oh, you gonna be upstairs? You gonna hear him down there? No, I'm gonna be upstairs and I'm just, Hey, would that door open? I see you buddy. I see you.


Would that door open? Yeah. A don't look like Hercules from the movie Sandlot. It's the same. It's a Mastiff, but it's a, it's a bbo South African Bo Bowl. Kevin Norwood Jr. Said, where do you see Aaron Rodgers playing next season if he doesn't return to the jet? Or should he retire? You know, Ocho I'm not in, I'm not in the, I'm not in the business of telling people to retire. He's earned a ride to play as long as he wanted somebody to give him that opportunity. But it, from all intents and purposes, it seems like there, there's a meeting of the minds that the jets don't want him and he doesn't want to be there right now. If there's someplace else he can go that somebody else that wants him or field that a a a veteran quarterback, they can get a year out of him.


I, I don't know. But it doesn't look like, and I asked the question la I asked the question last week, Ocho before this story even came out, why would the jet even want him back? Yeah. What, what are we getting? Yeah, he's gonna be a year older. Yeah. And the likelihood of them bringing Devonte back at that salary now, is he gonna want to come back at a reduced rate? How much of a reduced rate would he want? Would he be willing to take? And they're probably over the cap so it's gonna cost them, probably gonna cost them. They could probably gonna have to lose some players though. So, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Oh yeah.


Most definitely. But ah, ke I wish I could tell you where he should go. But what are you, what are you gonna get? Are you gonna, are you gonna mess up your roster for, for a year and the way he looked this year? Do you believe that you are Aaron Rogers away from the Super Bowl? Maybe Aaron Rogers five years ago. You might be that Aaron Rogers away but not at 41 because he's gonna be 41 next year when next season start Right as he'll be 41 this year.


Damn. I I look it is what it is. Reem Abdullah won. What's good? What's good Nightcap? Shannon, what's up with you giving Jerry Jones and Aaron Rogers the blues they're doing the best with, with the little that they, they're both good at what they do. Come on Shea. Cut 'em some slack. What? This is pro sports. Yeah. You don't get no grace here At all. 'cause because when, because and when, when you a player as a player and you messing up, do they give us grace? Hell nah. We don't get no grace at all. Look, Aaron Rogers has done what he's done but his rep.


But Aaron, look, when we critique Aaron Rogers, we're talking about his play this year, right? We're talking about his play right now. All those, like you see these trophies, if We don't get another award, Ocho they can't take these away. Yeah. But we, we, we got plenty more to come. But I understand where you're going with it. I understand where you're going with it, Bro. Aaron Rogers, he's an MVP, he's a Super Bowl champion that can't be taken away. He's a many, many times, I don't know, 10, 11, 10, 12 time pro player. But this year we gotta, we gotta be fair. We gotta criti him this year. This isn't a lifetime achievement award. Right? Maybe one, one day in time they'll have those in pro sports, but not right now. Right now Aaron Rogers has not played well.


You know that. I know that. Right? Everybody knows that. And so that's, that's all I, that's all I'm doing. The cowboys their lost. Cause We don't need to talk about the Cowboys anymore until they start winning some game. I mean the hey play better than what they play. And give us something to talk about. I think Daniel Jones, I'm just gonna throw this tad bit out there. I think Daniel Jones might go to the Cowboys and finish off the season. Hey Mike. You heard you heard it here first. I heard it from a source.


Oh, the places you'll go when you go in. Tom's the beloved family footwear brand that makes shoes for your moments that matter most. Over the years, we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort weaving both together. Our fall collection includes hundreds of styles for women, men, and kids at great prices. We're talking boots, sneakers, wedges, loafers, blacks, and our iconic alpr goddess slip-ons, you name it, we've got it. Pair our sneakers with your favorite denim seasonal boots with oversized sweaters and losers with boxy blazers. Our signature cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning for all day wear. The best part. When you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together, we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we are just getting started. So slip in and step out to Pilates or school drop off playgrounds and dance class perfect. For date night or girls night, apple picking or game day, we are the brand to support the life you lead. Shop the full fall assortment now@toms.com.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks. When you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


Black Friday football on Prime is back this week. The Raiders and the Chiefs unbelievable. Catch an old school rivalry for a new game day firing Downfield Stream for free. Only on Prime Great move Black Friday football Raiders versus Chiefs kickoff at 3:00 PM Eastern Pregame at 1:30 PM Friday only on prime restrictions. Apply c amazon.com/watch Black Friday football for details.


Hey, listeners, have a gamer on your holiday gift list, but you're still not sure what to get them. Head to Lenovo to shop unexpectedly great deals on tech this season. Gift your number one player with a brand new pc. Help them go beyond performance and game without compromise. With Intel core I nine processors. Gaming happens with Intel. Shop now only@lenovo.com.


The following ad is sponsored by Pet's. Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from Pets Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pets Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get up to 90% on eligible vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered in administered by Pets. Best Insurance Services LLC are underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com/policy.


Jackie Legs said, Hey, love you guys. Thoughts on Bo Nicks think he's playing well, I think he's played himself into a rookie of your contention. I like that played well. Look at his numbers. Played unbelievable. Yeah. Yeah. He's he's been phenomenal. I mean, he, he's the type of guy, that guy Sean, he's athletic. He's, he has above average athleticism. He can make throws. Yeah. Sometimes he, I mean, his accuracy comes and goes. But for the most part he's been really good. He's been really, he's been really, really good.


I'm glad we got him. Elijah Martin said one question. If the all time Broncos played the all time bigs and what in the pride who wins? Shit, we, man, we, we, we stop a ocho Hold on. Who, who y'all got gonna stop Mecho. Y'all got Who y'all gonna stop. Who y'all got gonna stop me Ocho. Y'all got one hall of Fame player? You got two? Who me? Y'all got one hall of Fame player S You think we got two? I don't need them people validation. I got, I I put my Own. You got one Hall of Fame? No. No. So I guess you, I guess you a hundred millionaire. You a billionaire too? No, I got, I got, I got, I got about nine probably about 82 million.


Hey, all I'm saying is is that we would beat the brakes off y'all if take Y Best 11 Off. Nothing. Because You take y'all best. 11 Chad open the chat up. Who y'all think winning The chat? Don't know. They wasn't even allowed. Play. We gonna take the Bronco's best. 11 players offensively their best 11 defensive players. And we gonna take the Bengals best 11 offense O Joe. We going beat the dog boy. We gonna Molly, WP y'all, I Asked you one simple question. Who the hell finna stop me Ocho Y'all ain't gonna get the ball locked up. We gonna hit y'all in the back of your damn head. How you gonna, all I need is two seconds. Ain't nobody getting back there. Be before two seconds anyway.


Oh Lord. Have Mercy Ocho. What if y'all that? Why y'all didn't win more Game? Why y'all ain't no Super Bowls? I ain't got nothing to do with that. It's a team game. I'm talking about me. I'm talking about me Donna. I'm Talk about Me. Who gonna stop me is what I asked you. Somebody stopped your ass in Cincinnati. Y'all didn't win no playoff games. So somebody stopped you. It's a team game. Somebody stopped you. It's a team game. When your level against our level, it's a team game. No, no, No, no. Somebody stopped You. You trying to change the goddamn topic. I asked you a specific question on who the hell finna stop me. Somebody stop. J Who stop you when you play with the Bingos? Nobody.


How many games you win? Huh? How many playout games did you win? I Don't know. It's a team game. I'm still talking. You Ocho Thank you. It's a team game. I our team is outta the yard. Why you not, why you trying not to? You not listening to the goddamn question. I said you, you is singular. I didn't say nothing about us. Okay. Ocho you gonna have 500 yards and y'all still getting the hell kicked out you now. How about that man? Who gonna stop me? Hey, who? Who gonna stop? Shannon? Oh, I can You want me to tell you who gonna stop you? Fa please. What? I can tell you who gonna stop you? Oh. By the time we get Vaughn Miller, we get D Ware, we get Steve Atwater, we got Champ Bailey.


Y'all not moving the football. Who blocking Bond? Everybody just named scared of me. Who blocking Vaughn? Everybody just named Big Willie. I wanna Know who? Kon Miller. Anthony Munoz. Anthony Munoz. Big Willie. Now what Now? Now what? Man, we going by y'all, boy. We gonna beat the brakes off y'all man. I Run, I I ran and white ass over. Man. What you talking about man? Hey, You know what I'm gonna say? A don't hit him too hard at Don't hit it too hard. He don't know No battle. Hey, you know, listen, you know I don't care about getting hit either. Hey, me and Champ, me and Champ had some good battles, boy, but we had some good battles. That's my boy there. I love you Boy.


We gonna kill boy. We gonna kill y'all. Ocho. Listen. I mean, I know, I know. It's a hypothetical, but it ain't sweet as you think it is. Oh, it's sweeter. I know, I know. It's a hypothetical. Oh, but it, It ain't, we got Lloyd Wright, we got a key to leave. We got Chris Harris Jr. Man. We got Atwater, we got Dennis Smith, we got John Lynch. We got Brian Donkeys. Oh Lord have mercy. Everything you, everything you just named. I'm running through with, with a smile on my face. Oh God. Yeah. Alright. This man gonna say who go? He said it's a team game. I just said our team gonna beat yours. Did he go talk about who stopping him? I thought it was a team game.


Nobody, I just, I just, I listen, the team ain't here right now. So have you Ever, have you ever had a hundred yard receiving game in the playoffs? Me, me? You talking to me? The conversation with the Bengal, the all time great. Bengal, hold on. Are you sure? Because that might chase And in downtown and in downtown Eddie Brown and Ivan Curtis, you might not even be on the roster. Why you bumping your cubs? You crazy. You be, you, you better look at the motherfucking receiving leader in every goddamn statistical category for the Bengals. You must, you done bumped your head. Who you talking To? Why you over there talking? You talking you hyping up chain.


Hey, Curtis. In downtown Eddie Brown. Hey, now, now, now don't don't, don't get too crazy like you got covid over there like you done, done forgot. Hey you better numbers. Hey, I'm gonna put ta leave on you and snatch your, and snatch your goals Out. And you know what? You know what? I, I put him on me And snatch your goal. Put him on me. Take your chain. He he Muslim. He Muslim. I bet he take your chain. Hey, I bet he be eating pork when I'm done with him. I bet he take your chain. I bet be eating pork when I'm done with him. I ain't worried about hey to leave. Yeah. Yeah. Handle that. You got the right one. Put him, you, We did the crab. Put put him over there by himself. We gonna win the game a whole lot to a few. I promise you. No you ain't.


Trust me. You ain't. I'm gonna talk your whole defense out that game before the game even start. What you Man, we'll run through y'all Ocho. Hey. Nah, Lanie Ray. Hey La Ray. Where you been? She must have been at the bar. Where? Lanie Ray. Being O Ash. Hey guys, which one of you would be a better Vaughn villain? Why? And what would your villain character name be? Me. I'm, I'm a better villain actually. I, I still am the villain. Still am the villain. Me Here. Yeah. What?


Woo. Man this bad here. Hey, Who would be the better? I feeling good man. I gotta keep, I gotta Hey them Midday Nap. Be paying off man. Shit. Who you think will be the better? Bella Ocho? Me or you? Nah, come on now. You you now you know I've been a villain all my life, man. I was a villain. Villain Joe. Lemme Say, lemme finish. You're tipping. Everybody. Lemme finish now. Lemme come on. Lemme lemme talk Now. I was a villain in elementary. I was a villain in junior high. I was a villain in high school. I was a villain in, I was a villain in, at Oregon State. I was a villain at Santa Monica. I was the villain in the NFL and terrorized them goddamn people. And ain't following no rules. Now you wanna know who would've been the better villain outta me and you.


Goddamn. The writing is on the wall. The proof is the proof. The proof, the proof is Ain't nobody scared of no milk D with eyes. What? What? So what you was told, The better villain is right here. Huh? It this way. I live it. I live my baby Ocho. Listen, I'm not you too nice. I'm not, I'm not taking nothing away From you. You help everybody ocho Huh? All you do is show Grace to everybody. Nah, but I beat a bitch ass though. You feel me? I show Grace, but I, you know, I I I'm telling you, I I, I do 'em like Anderson S Silver. That's why I always show Grace and be nice because if you get outta line, you know I had to put you in your place.


Man. Man, This man tip, everybody, this man ain't said a bad thing about nobody. Now he gonna be a villain. Oh nah. I be tired. I be talking bad about people now though. You Gotten better. You gotten better. Yeah. I be talking about people now. Queen of Topics TV said Hey Uncle Ocho. Happy early holidays. Ocho is French Fry getting bigger, getting a bigger Christmas tree this year. Oh, that's a good one. Hey young, you should have saw the Christmas tree last year. Unc, the Christmas tree is about this big, a little tiny black one. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We gonna, you know, we gonna, we gonna make sure, we gonna make sure Baby, baby, get a nice Christmas tree this year.


Make sure all the kids get everything they want, man. It's, it's gonna be, it's gonna be a good, it's gonna be a good Christmas. Charles said Today is my 28th birthday. Hopefully I can get an end. End my night clapping Sean. Happy 28th birthday. I hope so too, bro. I hope so too. I hope everything you done laid, you done laid it out for you. You know, Hey, y'all went to a movie, got a nice dinner, did what y'all needed to do, got your nice outfit, now you on them sparks, Get them sparks in you, boy. Yeah. Now it's time to knock fire. Tvia fraction. I'm a big fan of both.


Can I work for Shahe Media? That's on Ash. See? Hey, you see, you see how you put, he put it off on somebody else. Now, if you asked to work for me, I would've, I would've gave, I would've sent you my number and told you to Call. You ain't hired? No. Hey, asked you to hire. I got other stuff to worry about. Oh my bad. I got a lot of other ish to worry about. Comedians crew said what up though? I'm a master impersonator, so I had to get y'all check it out. I promise y'all left. Number one podcast. Keep going. PS like my grandma said, boy, if you're hungry, you better eat this.


Is this what you call them Godfrey? Because you know that he always said some bull. Yeah. You, you full of energy tonight, Ocho Hey, I'm telling, listen, I did that thing with Troy then boy, I came home, took me a nap. Well, I'm, ooh, I'm, I'm feeling good. We can go, we can go another two hours if you want to. Oh, I say we got another question. Oh, dark barn said Ocho ain't beating nobody. But remember when you tried to hit Ray Lewis that ended up on your own butt gr running. Yep. I remember that.


You, you see, you see what? You see what y'all fail to realize. I hit Ray Lewis. Ray Lewis didn't hit me. You see the difference? Even though I did lose. Do you understand? Do you understand what it takes to be able to do that when everybody think about it, running around scared Ocho. Think about It. I'm different man. About me losing. So Imagine if he had saw you. Imagine if he had saw you. Huh? He didn't see you. I know sometimes that happens. Imagine if he had saw you. If he saw me, then what Worse Make the play. Did he make the He did He make the play? It'd been worse. Did he make the play? Was the question? It'd been, it would've been worse. Ocho, I did my job.


No, your job is to hit him. I did. And not go to the ground. I hit him. You lost. He didn't make the play. That's all that mattered. I did my job. That wasn't his play to make It. Tried to. It was, was was. That's like ocho you Was, it was, it was false. Crying. Ocho, that's like you stealing on a dude. He don't see you and you steal on him. Well see that's the difference. If it was a punch, I would've knocked Ray out. Man. Man, that man, you hit the bad flush Ocho and he didn't budge. He was scared. But see, when you weigh one 50 and you running into two 50, that what happen?


That's the funny thing. I ain't one 50 no more. Now I'm 2 25. Nah, he have moved a little bit. If you was 2 25, unfortunately you not two five. I'm saying, I'm talking about now I'm 2 25 now. You ain't 2 25 now then or ever. You Can see. Come on now. I got my camera, my camera four DI know you can see this shit. Ocho. Ocho. Do you see the difference in shoulders? You see my shoulders See yours? Yeah. Because listen, my shoulders are aerodynamic. I can't help it. 'cause you got toker truck shoulders. I ain't got nothing to do with that. That's the point. You Got toker truck, shoulders. I need my bo I need my body to remain aerodynamic. Aerodynamic. But that's me Ocho. That's what I'm trying to tell you. You only going be so big because where you gonna put the weight?


So you, what you saying the weight gonna be in my shoulders? No, the weight, the the weight is in my thighs. My calves, you know my Back Ocho. My ocho huh? Them little skinny ass legs. Ocho come on back. Skinny. I seen, I seen bigger legs on piano. Okay. One thing. Everybody doubt me boy. Ain't nobody doubting you bro. I'm just saying. Everybody, everybody, everybody wanna doubt every, everybody wanna doubt me now when I went, when we go, when we do the live show in New Orleans. Right. Super Bowl. Yeah. And I come out with no shirt and they and all the ladies fall out in the crowd like they did in the movie. Five Heartbeats. You Still ocho. Even if you come out with no shirt, Ocho, you 1 65.


Nah, nah, nah, nah. I'm telling you, I'm gonna come at that thing. Ripped up. Looking like, looking like an action figure, huh? No. All right. Alright. Well we gonna see. Yeah, I can't, I can't wait to see. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite. Unc Shannon. Sharpe, Liberty City Zone, Bingo's Ring of Fame Honoree, pro Bowler, all Pro Ring of Fame, Chad, Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him Mocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We thank you sincerely, everybody at Club Shehe for your loyal, trusted support.


Hopefully we get to con continue that support through the end of 24 and all of 25 and beyond. Thank you again, so very, very much. Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock. We have an abundance of it. We do realize the holidays are right around the corner. If you cannot find it in a city or a state near you, order it and we'll get it right to you. What better way to have a very festive holiday season than with a bottle of Shea by La Poitier. And one more thing, please drink responsibly. Please go follow my media company page on all of its platforms that Shea, Shea Media and my clothing company 84, as you know, all of our releases drop, but guess what? We had a a Black Friday sale that just launched.


Shirts are $20 off. Hoodies are $40 off. Yeah. Yeah. All the teeth and hoodies are back in stock. Nightcap Club Sheha and 84. Everything is in stock and Ash has discounted this way Too much. Wait till she see her check for the month of January. She'll understand while I'm smiling and she's not. We also released some stocking stuffers. Beanies and cozy. Cozy sleeves. Sleeves. K quantities are limited. Make sure you grab yours while supplies last.


Alabama was upset today on the road. The Unranked Sooners beat Alabama 24 to three. The Kansas Jayhawks beat won three consecutive games against ranked teams after having a losing record. First team to do that, they won 37 21. Coach Prime said they fumble their own destiny. Travis Hunter is a bigger Heisman favorite that he was entering into the game. Now he's minus 800 Boise State. They won Aston Gente 20 carries 1 69. He's now over 2000 rush yards on the season. If I'm not mistaken, he's 2062 yards on a rush season with a 1713 win over Wyoming, Florida.


Knocks off. Number nine Ole Miss in the swamp. 24 17 Auburn upsets. Number 15, Texas a and m. 43 41 Ohio State, Marley Watt, Indiana. Number five, Indiana at home. 38 to 15 in Tennessee State. Beat number 11, Southeast Missouri State, 28 21. With now they're nine and three. They share the Big South and Ohio, Ohio Valley conference championship with a nine and three record. Now they're hoping for an F-C-F-F-C-S playoff birth committee.


Spike Lee, do the right thing. Congratulations Tennessee State, Eddie George. Outstanding job burns. Congrats bro. I'm proud of you bro. And Daniel Jones has officially been waved by the Giants, so the Jets also could release Aaron Rogers in season before the season is over. That concludes Nightcap. I'm unc. He's ocho. We'll see you tomorrow after Sunday night Football. Let's go. Beos. The. Volume.


ODU is business management made so simple. a kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. but odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use ooo because they save you money. ODU makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now at Odoo dot com. That's ODO o.com. Good job. Thanks.


With Kroger brand products, you can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices. And with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pickup, or in store, Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone


This holiday season. Skip the crew socks and ugly sweaters. Shop the Lenovo holiday sale and gift the gamer on your list with the PC they really want, with deals is great. You may end up buying yourself one too. With new Intel core I nine processors, they'll be able to go beyond performance and game without compromise. Gaming happens with Intel. Head to lenovo.com. Now,


If you're a maintenance supervisor for a commercial property, you've had to deal with everything from leaky faucets to flickering light bulbs. But nothing's worse than that ancient boiler that's lived in the building since the day it was built 50 years ago. It's enough to make anyone lose their cool. That's where Granger comes in. With industrial grade products and dependable fast delivery. Granger can help with any challenge from worn out components to everyday necessities. Call click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face a lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.