
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music, and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts casts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America, and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states, and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan Kinter. Type on a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason de Merz here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on lit tabla. Listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers and the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume NFL playoffs. We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet we are. Get on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at draftking. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks. Only at Draftking Sports book. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


We add an addition under our umbrella. We're going to produce and distribute Humble Baddies. And a lot of speculation is going on that unc tell Ocho about this situation. I didn't know I was supposed to tell. We running a business here and No, I did not tell Ocho I didn't feel, I didn't feel I needed to tell Ocho we're running a business and when you run a business, you do what's in the best interest of the business. Well, Ocho Not, not really in the best interest of the business. We we are a partnership. You and I, we start, we started Nightcap. If we are part, we did. Yeah. If, if we are partners, anything that has to do with something that was a part of my life, which is including her, and she leaves my life, that means she's no longer a part of what I have going on.


That's including Nightcap. So just because you and I from a, a relationship, from a football relationship to a business relationship, if she decides to leave me in my life, that means she's gone. So you my dog. So that means I Did say that. Well, I remember saying that. I remember, you know, I had this conversation Said that, So you not even standing on business about what you said and how you live based on your whole, your, your morals and the way you operate. You're right. I lied a little bit ocho this business we trying to make, I'm trying to make money. Don't you wanna make money? Yeah. Yeah. I, I wanna make money. But listen, all money ain't good money. All money ain't good money. You, that's, that's something that you didn't have to do. As a matter of fact, if you were going to do something like that, something like that, you know how I felt about the situation already?


She left. Right? She left. Okay. So if she decides to leave me, to sign her and not even running by me and let me know something, gimme a heads up. Give me, gimme some type of warning, let me know. Hey, listen, I'm thinking about Ocho. I signed railing. I signed railing her girls to a, a contract. I'm letting you know. Heck, here you go with the bullshit Ocho. I didn't, hold on, hold on. No, no, no, no, no. You told me when you leave, you done. That's one less expense. So I figured, I was like, well, Ocho don't really care, so let me go ahead and, and make this happen. Yeah. I I'm saying you gotta understand, you gotta understand where I'm coming from. It's, it's about, it's about principle.


You know, you, you supposed to, you a dog. You, I mean, if you a dog, nah. You, we got, you gotta play that different. You got, you gotta play that different. So all things being equal, how should I have played this out? Boom. Hit my line. Ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring. Okay. Ocho check this out. Yeah. You remember back in Atlanta, REL and I had a conversation. She had a podcast and she was wondering if I would be interested in having my company produce it and distributed the podcast. She said she talked to you. She said it was okay. I said, sure. Re let's talk, let's reconvene. You and I and Ash to jump on a call on Monday, which we did, and we hash, we discussed it, and we finally got everything.


You know, we got them what they needed. We're gonna produce the show. We're going to distribute the show. And you know, they're gonna do it a shoot it a couple of times a week instead of the one time a week. They're gonna go twice a week. And she was really excited about this. She said, you were excited about this. Yeah. Now, once the, once we start down an agreement, right? I gotta be a man of my work. I say yes. Whoa. We're gonna do this. Whoa, whoa. Timeout, timeout, timeout. When you guys had that talk, when I was excited about the opportunity for her to join under the umbrella Yes. H Media, you know, doing her thing. I'm listen, I, I would happy for her, but once she decides to leave me, when she decides to leave me, she leaves us. She leaves anything that has to do with Nightcap.


No, she left you media. Huh? She left you, she was still with Shehe Media. So see, see, see what I'm talking about Principal alone? If she leave me, then you should be like, listen, I can't work with you more. There, there are so many. She, I had already given her the money. Oh, you did? Yeah. How much was it That what My brother that you were, I'll tell you what, I'll give whatever the advance was, I give it back to you. But I, I just don't, I really don't think that's a good look because now, you know, we, if we in a rough patch right now. Right. And who we? Huh? Where's we?


Oh, you and her. I thought you talking about you and I would've run back. Youve cutback. We good? We good? We good. I mean Oh, okay. If I was in front of you, we would've had a tussle today though. We would've had a tussle. Yeah. We would've had a t first Of all. First of all, I'm gonna be hell at you because you already over 50, $200 and you tried to take more money outta my pocket with rail. Matter of fact, the fact you definitely ain't getting no money now, you definitely gonna have to get in blood that you ain't run that by me. You ain't run that by me. Okay. So you said I gotta take it in blood. That's the only way you gonna get it. Don't mind if I do. I don't mind if I do. So So they can stop trolling.


Who? The ocho the ocho Min. Yeah. Make sure y'all go subscribe to Humble Baddies podcast. Thank you. She, she Media Chad, we love y'all. Thank y'all for the support. And he is our number one supporter. He was the first one to subscribe to Humble Baddies. Hey, but listen, listen, listen. People in the chat, I was trolling a little bit earlier today. Now this, this, now listen, this, this is all business. I I understand business. It's all about putting your people on, you know, allow, allow them to, allow them to, to flourish in whatever endeavors that they have. I was a, a supporter of this, but this does not change things.


No. This does not change things that at home, the foundation, the forefront still needs some work. You know, it still needs some work. Yeah. But I, I'm and you. Yeah. But, but anyway, I, I'm happy to learn. I'm happy for colleagues, I'm excited for their show. I'm going to be producing and doing the editing. Editing and not editing other, other, other than that. That's what we not gonna allow to do. That's not what we, now you welcome, you welcome to join in and be a guest, have you little guest spot on that. Right, right, right, right. But we're not gonna let you edit. We're not gonna let you produce because I'm, I'm here to be a supporter. I'm here to be a supporter. You know, and if, if at any point she wants to, you know, reconvene and, and, and, and reconcile our differences, I, you know, I sit down and we, we'll, we'll talk about it.


But that's great. I mean, you have been RA's biggest supporter because you brought it to us that re wanted to be a part of She Shea Media. And when she mentioned it in Atlanta, I was like, let's reconvene on Monday. We actually had this conversation. You mentioned it to me. Ra had, you know, she had up doing her thing and she wanted to put it with somebody that had the infrastructure Yeah. That can make the thing be what she believes it can be. Yeah. With her and her partners. And I said, okay, let's talk to Rel. Rel had a conversation with me. I said, well, let's talk, you and I and Ash should get on the phone on Monday and we'll have a conversation. Yeah. And if we can see if this is something that could work.


But rel this is a lot of work. I mean, this is not something that you do if you really wanted to be successful. Right. Which you found out Ocho this takes a lot of work. Yeah. Yeah. If you want it to be successful. Yeah. Now, if you wanna do something as a hobby, it says, okay, I got a little, Mike got a camera and I wanna do something 20, 30 minutes a day, that's fine. But if you really want this thing to be successful and to want it to grow, you have to devote a certain amount of time to it. And, and, and knowing real her background, how she turned her real estate thing into a big deal. Right. She has a show on Netflix that's coming out, I think in a, in a week or two ocho. So I know she's going to work to make it, make it possible. Yeah. But what I, but the thing is, but you see Ocho what you get an opportunity to see, you get an opportunity to see how people wanna tear you apart real quick, don't they?


Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You see how they jump? Oh yeah. You see how they jumped on that so far, so quick to try to rip you and I apart. Yeah. So now you see Yeah. Everybody talking about, oh, I love nine Cap. No they don't. No they don't. And then guys, all y'all that got that thing, or there might be trouble brewing and Nightcap and UNC and Ocho. We appreciate that you, that pub, because there are certain guys out there because y'all spend a lot of time talking about Shannon Sharp, talking about what Shannon doing on the esp n what he's doing here, what Ocho ISS doing. We really appreciate that. Yeah. Now how y'all looking? Yeah. And it, and it, How y'all looking right now. It's, it's, it's all love. It's all love. It's, it's all love for all, all our competitors out there. You know how I feel about you. I still love you anyway. There's a big plate and there's enough for all of us.


There's enough of us. You know, you, you need to understand that. And something about before Nightcap, before Nightcap, before it was ever came about, Shannon Sharp was a friend of mine, Shannon Sharp will always be a friend of mine, you know, business. I would never allow business some money to get in the way of that. Never. I've never been one to fall out about stuff like that. There was an opportunity that presented itself. Obviously Mrs and I, you know, we, we, we, we go, we going through some, some rough times right now. You know, you know. But when it comes to business, when it comes to continue to elevate her and her career and what she has going on, I'm all for it. Even though we might not be seeing eye to eye right now, you know, I'm, I'm all And to thank you Ocho before Shannon, before I got here. Yeah. And, and, and Shehe Media Club, Shehe Nightcap took off.


How many of those people that had podcasts mentioned Shannon Sharp before this thing took off with you and I ocho how many of the things, how many people mentioned O Ocho and Shannon Sharp, right? It seems to me that the only content that they can create is self-made. Yes, sir. Is you and I? Yes sir. You and I have a disagreement about you coming late. You and I disagreement about the players or something. You disagree. I disagree. I have a question. Can I say something real quick? Go ahead. And this is for Yeah, this is for people in the chat. People in the chat. And this is for you and, and and our team, you know, collectively, I'm never late. Actually, you, you just starting two damn hurry.


That's the problem. I ain't never late. You know, you just starting two goddamn damn hurry. But we, we kinda have a floating time. We kinda like wanna start between these times, but sometimes Ocho float past that. Yeah. Yeah. But this is a great opportunity for real. There're gonna be more, that's gonna be more people that's gonna join Shesha Media. We got meetings with a lot of other people coming down the pipeline. So in the near future, we're gonna add probably one right. Two, maybe even three. By June we'll have three more up under the umbrella that we'll produce. We'll distribute. Right. And go ahead, OCHA. I I have one more thing. Now I understand this is business, right?


I, I, I, you know, and I'm all for business and I I'm all for making money, you know, and sometimes they see all, all money ain't good money. The the hell it is in this economy. Well, if I can get it, it's gotta happen. So is there anything, is there anything we can structure in her contract where I can get a certain percentage based on a finder's fee? Because if it wasn't me, What ran choose to give you out her out of their cut, right? That's between you and re No, no, no. We, we, what we gonna Dore is gonna get her check every month. That's all I got for you. That's between you and re I ain't got nothing to do with that. Jenny. A I knew OCHO was trolling and the chatty shady quick to turn.


Congrats, Arnie Re of course, I, but I, I, I, I, I text ocho, I say, I say, see, I say now a lot of those people, oh, I love UNC and Ocho, but quick that were quick to try to drive that wedge in between Uncle Ocho. You see that? You see that. But see, sometimes you need to see it for yourself because, and that's why, that's why I tell people, everybody that jump into about, oh, I'm happy, I'm excited. No they not. No, they really not. And I, and sometimes you have to see it for yourself. And I'm glad we got an opportunity to see Yeah. Do we got people that's very excited for us that truck share us on And sincerely and genuinely happy.


Absolutely. But there's a lot that pretend they're happy and excited and all the while. Yeah. Boy, I sure hope they break up our show. Hope they break up because we got something going. They know, because here's the thing, Ocho a lot of people that do what we do, they know what they do and they see what we do and they know what we do. Yeah. So they know. Yeah, Most definitely, most definitely. They know. Listen, I, and, and a lot of people, you know, my, my, my supporters, my followers, they, they were, they were, they were saying some some mean things, you know, so they, I apologize to y'all for patrolling today, but, But sometimes you need to see Ocho you gotta see who really in your corner.


It's like when you tell somebody no and they say, okay, I understand, bro. You done been so good to me so many times, Ocho hey, I ain't got no problem with you saying no. But it's when they say no, like, well, damn bro, you got that money like that, you can't break your more off again. Yeah. Then, you know. But listen, I'm, I'm, again, I'm, I'm, I'm happy for her and all that she has going on. Obviously, you know, with her real, real estate company, you know, Netflix stuff she has going on with Netflix, you know, show coming out January 22nd. Yes. Then obviously the podcast up under our umbrella. And, and this is, this is what it's all about. You know, you know, having someone on your side that you can continue to help elevate in whatever it is they have going on.


It's, it's a beautiful, it is a beautiful feeling. Even, even though, you know now what is not a joke is that things aren't where they should be between us. I'm, I could just be honest with you and, and Chad, I could be, I could be honest with y'all too. Yeah. Continue to work It. It's, it's, it's, it's rocky. It's rocky. So the fact that I can, I can compartmentalize and separate, you know, the business side of things and, and, and work on the pleasure side later on, later on down, later on down the line. You know, whenever UNC decides to be the moderator and, and, and be our therapist. But other than that,


We all have experience praying extra fees. Fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the lead. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees. And Chime offers over 50,000 fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by bankcorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment, file fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me in former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed It. And the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it, yeah. It was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen To lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondents and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Podcast.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Oh, OCHO Ed Reed is headed to high school. He was announced as the new ed OC at Chamblee High School right down the road from the crib Chamblee. Okay. You know, OCHO it was a, you see all In my, all in my arms. Whoa, whoa. Just got a little too comfortable. But okay, come on. You see, Aaron Reed is the new OC at, at Chamblee Chamblee High School. In, in, in Georgia. It's a little suburbs. Hey, you remember one time Mojo, he was in the running to the Headon. And then obviously when he, when he got to the establishment, you know, it it, it wasn't, it wasn't fit to his liking.


And and normally you have though, you have a talk with, with the powers that be at the institution, you know. But he, you know, he, he, he took it the wrong way and, and kind of put it, put it on the airways and, and they didn't, they didn't like that. You know, I'm, I'm ha I'm happy for Ed. I'm happy for Ed and it's a great opportunity for, for that school. And they, they got a good one boy. They, they, they, they got him a good one. They do. I wish he could have got that job. I wish they could worked out better for him at, at Bethune. That would've been nice. Yeah. Be I do. Yeah. Yeah. It it'd been really nice. You see Eddie George at Tennessee State Coach Prime was at, at Jackson now, right. He's at CU D Jack Deshaun Jackson, Delaware State is at, what is it?


Yeah, yeah. Delaware State. Yeah. Yeah. Mike, Mike Vick is at Norfolk. So I'm, Well shoot, since all these players getting coaching jobs, what you wanna put your, you wanna put your, your hand in that? I don't, you just told it. They don't make enough money. I mean, the kind of, kind of money. I mean, not like we n nevermind God, I'm good. I don't have, you probably could do it, but I don't have the patience. I know me, Man. Listen, you, you mess around and put me in an atmosphere like that where my body is still willing and able, I'm still in shape. I'm gonna be in the way. 'cause I'm gonna have a, I'm gonna be out there suited up and hold in that whole uniform. Leasing all. No, I don't, I want no part of coaching. I, I'm smart enough, you know.


Yeah. Hines Ward is at Arizona State. I think Hines Ward is gonna be a coach. Gonna be head coach, coach. I, Okay. Yeah. I mean, there are a lot of guys, hold on. Antoine Randall lives in Detroit. I think Keenan ARDS and Yeah. Is in Minnesota. But I, I just, no, I'm not. Perhaps that's not, I want no party. Ain't no sense to me, fool. I ain't gonna finn to hold nobody on that Ja tone justice chap. My dog wags his tail when he see must be the dog person or something. Yep. I love animals. Yeah. Animals love me. I need, like I said, I'm gonna give a farm mo. I want me a, I really want me a mini cow.


A mini goat. A mini horse. Well, If you raccoon, if you gonna have a farm, you gonna need more than four animals. I ain't gonna have that kind of farm. Well, You just said a farm, it's only one kind of farm. No, no, no, no. That's a farm. You talking about a ranch? Oh, You want a mini farm to go with your mini animals? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Gimme like, gimme like two, gimme like an egg or two. Okay. I like that. I like that. Huh? They got friends. So the cow be friend to the goat, the goat be she friend to the horse. And then I gotta keep tus because Tuss gonna be chasing him. No, Teddy will chasing him. Ty's gonna be like, right, whatever. Ocho check this out. Here's the Twitter question of the week. So if a female takes a man out, do he gotta give it up at the end of the night?


Whoa, whoa, Whoa. I lo now they talking. I got, I can bring to that. Hold on. Ah, I like that question. First off, who's paying the woman? I'm assuming she invited the guy out. Who's paying? Yeah. So she, she paying. Yeah. I, I like this. I like this. Now sometimes if you get an assertive woman, if you get an assertive woman that'll pay the bill, she will let you know. No gray area unc, no gray area. When you have a woman that asks you out, when you have a woman that pays the bill, she's letting you know what time it is. You know what the play is right after this. Right.


I didn't, I didn't come to play. And these ain't young folk. These ain't young folk. The young, Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. T lemme get, lemme get tab. Hold on. Talk to me. That, So you telling me there are women out there that y'all can go out? Yeah. And you can get the buns on the first night. Oh, the, The the older women. Oh, the older women. Now I ain't talking about the young ones. The young ones that want you to pay for everything. Not them. I'm talking about the older women. The older women that are seasoned, the older women that are veterans, the older women that don't wanna play games. I'm not here to play no games. Listen, I need to understand if I'm gonna deal with you long term or not. How do I know if I'm gonna deal with you? I need to know if when we lay down horizontally or vertically, however you wanna do it.


If it's good enough, you know what, I'm gonna be around for a while. If it is not, I probably ain't gonna answer your phone call no more. That's life. That's, that's life. Now I'm, I'm, I'm 57. I'll tell you what I've been through. I'm tell you what I've been through. All right. Now you get, you get, you get some of these young Whipple snaps out here today. That's all about what can you do for me? Buy me this, buy me that. Get my nails, get my nails and my feet and my hair done. You know, my wig. I need a new install that's different. It's all about what you can do. You really get nothing in return, you know, getting no return on you asking. But I'm the ocho ocho For real though. I'm talking about, hold on, because see, here's the thing I got, I, I'm ocho I'm extremely, extremely careful because this look no means no maybe means no.


Yes means no tomorrow. So I'm really, really, I a I damn. Like are you sure? Are you sure? A Hey, hold on. Are you sure You don't? You don't, you don't. I'll be damn near kill the movie. I done killed Five. So you don't, you don't have to do, that's why, see, that's why you don't have to do that with all the women. Huh? 40, 45, 55. Sometimes even 60. You hear me? They, huh? What? What, what, what, what, what you playing in? But at Ball or Ocho, the thing is the 60. That's my age. That's, that's, that's a little older than me. But I'm saying they grew up in the era. They they grew up in the era they grew up in the era that I came up in. That what? They didn't happen.


Huh? These, these women, they evolved with the times. Huh? They ain't got time to play. They don't have time to play. That's what I understand. Listen, the young, the young folk, the young folk going, listen, the young folk gonna waste your time. You know what, they gonna waste your time because they have time to buy. They young, they have time to waste. I'm 24, I'm 25. I'm 20. What I'm for what? I rush for you. Right. Man, you, you get to talk to the women. You, you get to talking to women our age. They ain't got time to play. What? I'm waiting two, three weeks for what? I'm waiting a month for. What do I have? What do I even have a 90 day rule for? 90 days I might not even be here. Damn.


Listen. Hey, I, I'm just being, If if she like that, then I don't need to be bothering her anyway. That might kill over me. I'm just, you, you know how it is. You, you know how it is man. Listen, listen there pros and cons. Huh? There pros and cons. If you, if you got time to waste and you wanna play the game, you, you, you date the young folk. But, but I'm saying that, that's, that's the thing they got. Oh. You perceive me. I I don't even ask. You ain't gonna, you ain't gonna have to ask you ain't No no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah. I gotta ask. So you talking about age. So what you do, can I come up to you?


Oh no, already think, already think something up. You don't understand Man. You get, you bow. I guess you get, you one of them old ones. You hear me? No, she put, she put that blind bow on you put the sock in your mouth. So you can't talk. Sh Nah, I can't give her that kind of control. There ain't no handcuff because I be pulling that whole headboard off. Hey y'all, hey. I guarantee you I smash that whole headboard, man. Belly bad A all, Hey, nah, man. I, I, I, I don't, I don't like being restrained.


No, dude. Hey, hold on. Lemme tell you something. Now see this, how this, when I tell you, you not living this is what I mean. You not living on, you gotta get your swing set right. Tell, tell Michelle to get you a swing set. You tie it boom. In the, in the, in the, in the, what do you call the doorway? What do you, what do you call the doorway? The doorway. You Tie it, you hang it up in the doorway. The threshold. You hang it up in the threshold. What do you wanna call it? Bingo. That's one. Call it love swing sets. You gotta do that. Then bondage you get, you get the bondage tools. Nah, nah, nah. I ain't, I ain't, I ain't even hold your, I ain't gonna let that happen. No, ain't ain't no, ain't no tie up. I don't, I can't let you give, I can't let you that, You gotta gotta let her tighten you up.


I'm telling you. Mm. See man, I told you man, you, hey listen, she tied you up when your leg, your legs be up. Right. But you can't move because they got the, they got the braces. Legs be up high. Like, like a woman, like a, hold on, like a, you know I got kid. Hold on. So you know I got kid. So they put your password. Oh no. Hey listen. Hey boy. I'm telling, oh listen, wait. Get get, get your battery Man. Hey Ocho, man. They come down there like, well Mr. Haw, what happened? They, they, they head boy gone after that bed. I done snatched that joke. Smooth off. Man. Please.


Hey, hey listen, I'm gonna send you some videos, man. So, you know, you check, you check the videos out and you just experiment. You experiment, you know, and you, you, you listen, you, you're 57. At some point you got to evolve. You got try new things. There's so much out there that you haven't done yet. You, you, you might like it, you might like, matter of fact, that's a problem. You, you ever been to the swinging club? No. No. Hell swinging. Man. I ain't even swinging without the elementary school. I ain't playing on a swing set. Man. Ain't no swinging going on Uhuh. Oh no.


To the dog, man. I dunno what you hold up. Nah, that ain't, that ain't, that ain't for me. That ain't for me. Daddy. You say you ain't swinging elementary school? Hell nah, I don't play, I don't do nothing about that swinging. No, I'm good. I would take y'all word for it. I'm would take your word for it. Don't, Joe. Man, man, we got, we gotta go to the Dr.


Man. You, you ain't gotta worry about nothing, you know out there. You'll be all right man. Ocho rapper, red man, meth Red man that used to be a tandem rap group said he was celibate for two and a half years, no sex, no alcohol. So everything crystallized for him. So everything was so clear and his li oh, his head just opened up. I said what he said, what he said. I Ain't say it now what I will believe, red Man, I would believe that you were sober. I could see the discipline in that area in not drinking. Understand that it can better you and better your life, better your decision making.


A, as far as sex is concerned, I'm not sure how that would cloud judgment in any way. Or, or, or cause bodily harm in general. Because sex is is is healthy for you. It's healthy for you. Im to release. Yeah. It wasn't clear. My mind, my mind would be so cloudy. Why? I, man, I got the free Willie Man. Man, that thing be backed up in you, man. No. Hey, say hey, listen, listen. I'm, I'm still, I'm, I'm still in my, my, my celibacy my celibacy journey. So I understand what he's saying. But the amount of time, how many years? He said Two and a half Years.


Now that I can't believe because I'm the one, lemme see. She left me in October. October, October, November, December, January. So January. Yeah. That's, listen, I'm, I'm struggling. I'm, I'm struggling. I'm we too. I ain't number two months in, I'm, I'm struggling. So I'm, I'm trying two years. Hey, I, I'm two months and I'm, I'm, I'm over here. I'm fighting. Right? I give six weeks. I give six weeks. Who? I'll give somebody six weeks. Wait. I'm in a relationship. I give six weeks. We need some space. Okay? I, I'll look at it. I'll give you six weeks from today. Right?


Six weeks from today. Hey, what, what happen if they don't come back after them six weeks? So somebody blackham, I gotta put black ham on somebody else. Hey, Should I, should I try that? Should I say that? No, no. Hold on. Nah, I'm, I'm gonna try that Ocho, but you No, I'm gonna just say I got it from you. I'm gonna say that was your idea. You ain't got that from me. I'm just saying what I would do. That's a totally, that's a totally, you and ra is in a totally different situation. I confide in everything you say. You like a father figure to me. So basically if, if it been two months for me and I'm, I'm right here being celebrated.


You just said something that you done or you wouldn't do within the 66th time. Yeah. And I'm sitting around here waiting two months. Well, just, not really for that, but for me it's, it is giving me peace. It's giving me a sense of, a sense of calm, a sense of clarity. And I'm like, well, shit, I need to stand on business. So boom, you got, well she done, done. She didn't get no six weeks. I'm gonna give a, give her another week. Either you gimme something another week I'm gone. I like, Well, she called, she called you the other night. You said you wasn't going to get, get nothing. So Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. She, because she trying, she trying. But I, I, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm in a place in a, in a position where you did something to me and you need to be, you have to stand on business.


And I can't just give my stuff up like that. 'cause I'm not easy. Does that make sense? Yeah, it makes sense to you. I just think of thinking, oh, joy just all depends. Look, if that's something that you really wanna work for, if that's something that look, because at the end of the day I wanna, The Ocho all I'm saying is all, all I'm saying is, is that the longer you wait, the more likely something can keep in. Yeah. Yeah. That's all I'm saying. So I, I ain't finna be out here no six months, no year, no two years. You know, a we separated, nah, nah, nah, Nah, nah, nah, nah.


I ain't doing that. You right. So you right, you right. Because I'm, you know, okay, so what, what, what, what we trying, what are we trying to do? We need to go to counsel. We need to go to therapy together. What, what do we need to do? How do we speak? How do we, how do, how do we, how do we come back together and be at a more stronger union than we were? So this doesn't happen again. Because at the end of the, so what do you, what do you think it's gonna take? Do I need, do we need to go to therapy? Do we need, do I need to go to therapy on my own? And we, we also go to couples therapy. So I'm just trying to, because I do want this to work because I've put so much time in it, so much energy, so much effort. You believe in therapy.


You think therapy works? Counseling. I do. You think a couple works? Let's look at where's Ash? Ash, Ash. To look up the, the statistics on the percentage of therapy actually working couple's therapy, marriage therapy, counseling. I, I'm, I'm curious what the percentage would be on, on those that actually work. I just, For me, Ocho I went in with, I went in with a O mind. Oh, So you did it. Yeah. Ocho I don't know what people I've done. It ain't no did it. I done it. I was in therapy for a long time. I did therapy. I was doing, I just stopped probably about a year ago. But I was doing therapy once a week for $300 a, a a a a week for like three years.


Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. Real. That shit back in therapy. It's, it's successful 70% of the time. Seven. You gotta pay For it. Yes. What? I'm paying you to listen to my problems and you and I paying for you to gimme an answer on the issues I'm going through. Yes. Oh man. Nigga, please. Hey, it's Bobby Bones join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards.


Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like, it's all colored. They changed It. And the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it, yeah. It was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Mm. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondence and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker.


On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'm Nam Burkin tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL un scripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL defenseman turn, NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're just still gonna find out we're not just hockey talk. We're into all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now, You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki, That's sure. To kaza ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demur, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I am glad y'all think so. But I'll see. Here's the thing with Shannon Sharp. Everything Shannon Sharp has ever said on television or on Nightcap can be proven or disproven. So y'all said, KA that don't bother me. 'cause I know firsthand, that's why I'm able to speak so freely and effortlessly about it, because I've been there when the therapist told me, Shannon, you are speaking, y'all speaking two different languages. She's speaking Chinese and you're speaking Spanish. Unless you learn the other language, you are never gonna be able to communicate. Shannon, are you arguing for right? Or are you arguing to be right? I'm not telling you what somebody told me. I'm telling you as I'm sitting on that lady's couch and she says, Shannon, would you mind bringing your partner in here because you telling me this.


I want to hear what she has to say. And we go, and she said, she asked her, why do you feel the need to try to make him feel like he's left than do you understand his background? She said, yeah. She said, do you understand how prideful he is about his background and the way he was raised? He is never gonna be disrespectful. He's never gonna put his hands on you. But why do you feel you need to challenge him? Hey, that sound, that sound intense.


It was, it is. But you have to be honest, Shannon, is this something that you want? And it just got to the point. No, no, I didn't want it anymore. I had given all I could give and she wasn't hearing I was out. I couldn't give anything else I had given. So, because here's the thing, mocho, what I had started to do, I had tried to do be so much be what she wanted so much. I lost me. I wasn't Shannon no more. I was what she wanted me to be, but I wasn't me.


Hold on, hold on, Hold on, hold on, hold on. What did you hear what you just said? You tried to, I'm, I'm gonna put it in my word. I tried to appease her and make her so happy. I lost a sense of self. I wasn't Shannon anymore. I wasn't, I was not married. And Barney Porter's grandchild. I was not. I was not the, I was not that little boy that grew up on that farm and, and, and grew up to be a man. I, that wasn't who I was. You see, a lot of times men will go out their way. Yeah. Women are just say, Hey, accept me as I am. Right. Right. Men will go out of their way to try to plea a please a woman.


And in process of pleasing a woman, you lose yourself. I just had to say, no, Ocho, But you gotta be real with yourself. You gotta be, you gotta wanna work on this. You gotta wanna work. And it takes work. And it's hard to hear your partner say things that like, damn, why you saying that? When that's actually, and, and I can replay in my head because I'm very, I'm very, I I know what I've said. I know what I've done. But to hear, to hear her say it, okay. That's why I learned the proper way to apologize.


It's not that if I've done it, you said it so clearly. I've done it. Intent does not matter whether you intended to do it or not. She's still hurt. She's still offended. Now, I apologize. The greatest apology is change behavior. So you can apologize a f thousand times, but if the behavior doesn't change, you're not sorry for what you've done. And most of the time you're never, sorry. Most of the time you're only sorry. 'cause you got caught Me. At the end of the day, I just thought that it was like, and we're better off as friends. We're better off as friends.


We cool. We have a be I, I think the biggest problem that we had Ocho she was young. I was young. We are trying to figure this thing out, which is, you know, and it just, it just wasn't to be. And as we 20 years after the fact, she's like, I didn't realize what I had to you. Come on, man. They never, they never do till it's too late. She's like, Shannon, I've never met a man that works as hard as you and as disciplined as you are, but you're very prideful. You not gonna let nobody push you around. You not gonna let nobody talk reckless to you.


No, because I don't talk reckless to you. I'm not gonna call you outta your name because I got, I wouldn't want nobody to call my sister, my mom or my grandma my name out their name. So I don't call women out their name. And now, and now I had daughters and I definitely don't want nobody to call them out their names. So I'm very respectful. I'm very understanding of that for me. And, and a lot of times I was, I had a a, a, I was messing with this, this young lady and she would like start to argue. I was like, you know what? You right. I'm gonna let you have that. You get upset. She's like, we never gonna figure anything out. I said, I say in order, I I would rather keep the peace, let you be.


Right. It's not that big of a deal to me. I Like that. It's not like that, that big of a deal To me. I'm not finna, I'm not finna go back and forth and argue with you over. So you Right. But it irked her. You would argue back. She said that I, I want to get away. I, I say, well, if you want to understand me, just ask. I don't feel I need to get into an argument or disagree with you for the help you understand me. I'm telling you, I I don't want to talk about that. We see things differently. And just because we see things differently, I see things differently than you because of my age. You see things, how you see 'em because of your age. That doesn't mean I'm right. That doesn't mean you're wrong. But we're gonna see things differently because I was raised in a different era.


But I'm willing to accept you for who you are and the era you was raised in. I, you know, I want the same, but I, I, I think the thing is Ocho I went in because I was skeptical at first. I was like, man, I doubt. But I was like, you know what, I'm gonna go, it's just like anything Ocho I can't do anything Halfass. I'm spending, it's my money, right. So if I'm spending my money, I'm gonna get the most out of it. So went there and I saw, and I came every day. I mean, not every day, but every week. And I call that lady just like, and the thing if she's like, hey, and then, you know, during the pandemic, you know, you couldn't be in person. Hey, FaceTime. That was really first that when I started FaceTiming, I, damn, I gotta call this lady on FaceTime.


Hey, you were reading into it like that? Yes. Oh, I don't know how to half as anything. Right, right, right. I don't. Right. And, and, and, and, and, and, and it's, and, and for me, it's, it is obsession. I, I get upset. That's what, and that's why I'm like, I, when I, when I'm good at something, I'm really, really good at it. Right. But I don't waste my time with stuff that I'm not, I go all in. Yes. I was, I was 1000%. I was taking notes. She's like, well, take notes. Told you I've taken notes. Hey, she say something, I, I sneak up, I write it down. That that's, that's, She called me. She called me. That's how hey, she called me a black SOB. See, That's how, that's how old would be.


That's how it would be. You know, it's very meticulous. Very, very detailed. Very detailed. And jott everything down. And see the, the one thing, the one thing, I don't forget anything. I don't forget anything that's said. I don't forget anything that, that I heard. I don't forget anything that I've saw ever. If you not hear me, ever, I got, I got the memory of elephant. Right. So as, as as time go, as time goes on, which is why I was thinking about, you know, doing something like that. But then the price points you talk about, like, I'm not doing that. I'm not sitting down and giving you that kind of money just to hear you, for me to tell you my problems and you to regurgitate what you think the issues are with me.


Honestly, Ocho for me, if I care about somebody, there's not a, a, a, a, a amount of money enough that I wouldn't spend to try to make it work. Because that's how, what I mean, I'm in, if I care, I care. We dating you need something. Yeah. I got you. Right. That, that's, that's how I am. Because I, I, I've taken time out of, I've taken time outta my schedule to try to get to know you on a level. And now I spent that kind of time. I done got a year, I done got two years. I done got three years. I'm not willing to just throw it away. That's just me. So you mean to tell me I was in love with this person for three years, four years, and one incident make me throw it all away.


I just, I mean, yeah, I'm, I'm sure there are probably things that she probably could have done that would, would make me do that. But because I know I'm not perfect and I'm flawed and I, I've put people in situations that I've asked for a second chance and they graciously gave that, that's what, that's why Ocho, that's why I say I'll never ask more than I'm willing to give. Wow. That's why I don't go, Hey, ain't no women. You ain't gonna find nobody in the last, I bet you, you can't find one person the last 30 years, say Shannon Shark called me at two o'clock, one o'clock midnight and came over to my house.


I don't ever ask more than I'm willing to give. I don't do that because I don't want you to call me. Don't call me at one o'clock. In that, first of all, I ain't gonna answer the phone. Second of all, you don't Got, you don't, no late night booty call. Like, ain't where you at. I'm leaving. I'm leaving the, I'm Sleeping, I'm sleeping, I'm sleep. I, well actually, I'm not sleeping. I'm thinking like a Ashley doesn't probably, she done probably send me a message and I'm thinking about, okay, what I gotta do with blah, blah, blah. I got sponsors, I got this. I gotta, you know, jump on a call. I gotta go a zoom meeting about this. I gotta, you know, talk to The right one to have you up the right, the right one to get you up. You ain't gonna have me up. You not finna call me that time of night, don't you?


I ocho I'm, I don't sleep well anyway. I probably sleep by four or five hours. That's all. I sleep and then I get me an hour nap during the day. Nah, it, it ain't that serious. I, I don't, I mean, look, I love sex like the next man. I don't love it that much. Not to get up at no one o'clock, two o'clock in the morning. Oh no. Nah. I mean, you call somebody at one o'clock in the morning. You up now when I was young hotel. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. About, oh, this 30 years. You realize I about be 57 when I was younger, man, when I was, and I was asleep that clock.


Two 15. I said, oh no. Ocho. Oh man, Ocho, I, I ain't gonna lie, I was bad. I say, boy, ooh man. I go downstairs, Ocho I open the door. Yeah. Somebody said, you been talking about me? I say, what? She had on something real scan. He was scan to class. I said, what? I said, come on in. You over here now? You done got me up? Yeah, you about to get what you looking for.


Right? I like that. That was in Ocho. I remember I lemme tell you, true story Ocho, this was in 1993. I'll never forget it. I had just moved into the Breakers ever said. Then I said, nah, I'm good. That was it. Huh? I, I can't do it. Ojo, I can't do because I, you know what? In my mind I'm thinking something gonna happen. I'm going somewhere. I'm supposed to be home, be in the bed, sleep. I own a job. Something happens. Shannon, have a blah, blah, blah. Shannon, you supposed to be in the bed. Ah, that's so my mind, my, i I always think when I'm not supposed, when I'm supposed to be doing what I'm supposed to be doing.


If I try to veer off from that, that's why I do the same thing over and over. I'm in my own head. I'm cool. The Volume.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show, ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan RK here to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deur here and after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let tabla Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.