
This is an iHeart podcast.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na, and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


The NBC Nightly News Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News. I'm Tom Brohan. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there. Force firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We Are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family. Parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for a's preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour for undergraduate and master's level programs. American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they eped up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's X purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og Cool rush for yourself.


The volume, The Cowboys head coach Brian Schottenheimer says Dak is still in the developmental phase. I think Dak is in the developmental phase and that sounds crazy for a guy who's played as much. But there are things we're tweaking with Dak Dak is entering his 10th NFL season. Okay. What you think of Ocho? I mean I'm, I'm I'm trying to understand developmental phase at, at what point in year 10 is something developmental at this point, especially when it's this, it's not the same offense. It's the same offense from last year, if I'm not mistaken.


Right. Nah, I guess he's gonna implement his 'cause that was Mike McCarthy's offense. Okay. And if that's the case, then it, he is in the developmental state because he is having to learn a new offense. All the new, all the new nuances and all the intricacies of that new offense. So I I I totally understand tho those, I mean that gives me better context. So I mean that, that's understandable. That's understandable. I'm excited for Dak Man. I'm excited for Dak. I just, I just hope they ready to, I just hope they ready to use, use, pick the right way. CD Lamb is gonna get his, regardless, especially when he plays in a slot, he's, when he, when CD Lamb is in the slot, it creates mismatches regardless to who they're playing.


It doesn't matter who they're playing. And we know a pick can do on the outside. He can take a short and hit his head off the goal post Or you can go deep. Well, yeah, you got a, I mean, look, they should be really explosive in the passing game. We're gonna see can they protected. 'cause You know, you lose, I mean, Zach Martin is retired. The offensive line was wasn't, it was kinda shaky last year, Ocho So let's see what they, what, how have they shored up that the running game Blue had some really good games. So it's gonna be, it's gonna be, it's gonna be very interesting to see what the cowboys are, are, are offensively as, as far as protection. If we don't look all you can have all, all the guys you want, but you don't protect your quarterback ain't gonna do you no good at All, at all.


That goes for the Cowboys. That goes for my Bengals. That goes for the goddamn chiefs down there in Kansas City. Yeah. And, and who else? Well, hell, the, the Eagles don't got nothing to worry about for a long time. I mean, the Eagles got the best offensive line in football though. Yeah. They got the best chief in line of football too. Yeah, but I I I, but I'm looking at, I mean, think about it. Look at the right tackle and the left tackle. You got Lane Johnson and Ma Lauder, you got your center, you replace it with Jason Kelsey, you replace Jason Kelsey and that guy, he's an damn near all pro, but he goes to the Pro Bowl and you look at Dixon, one of your best guard. I mean, so they good they set Yeah. For, for the foreseeable future at the, at the, at the o offensive line position.


Should Dak be embarrassed that Brian Schottenheimer said that he's in the developmental state phase? Absolutely not. Because if you learn a new offense, it's completely different. And you have to rewire and relearn everything, even though you played the game for 10 years. So saying he's in a developmental stage at this time where they're in OTA, it's acceptable. Okay. Acceptable. Because that's what it is. It's, it's a time for you to develop and learn. Everything that comes with that off gonna be completely different in which you learn before. ESPN, Jeremy Fowler reports that Kyle Pits would be open to a trade, even though he's not necessarily looking to be moved and the Falcons aren't aggressively shopping him.


So I checked with the source who said that, look, if Atlanta gets the right kind of deal for Kyle Pitts, it could very well could come together. This is not a situation where he's requesting a trade, but if he has a chance to go, maybe to a better offense where he's more featured, he's sort of a third or fourth wheel right now in Atlanta, could this and could be something that he's open to. I like it. And he wouldn't be a third or fourth wheel if he hadn't gotten hurt. You have to understand, after the ACL he has, he hasn't been the same cow Pitts we saw at Florida. He just hasn't. And if, if you watch him close, there's a, there's a slight limp when he, when he, when he runs, there's a slight limp.


You can tell exactly which knee, You know, he, he tore his ACL. It's unfortunate. As great as he is, he's still very good. Now that he's recovered somewhat from that, from that injury, I would like to see him in a different offense where he can be featured more. Well, yeah. Yeah. I think that that's, I mean, where, Where that would be, I'm not sure that's the problem. That's the, that's the problem. I think he'd be great in Kansas City. Oh, that's nasty. A player like Kyle Pitts of his caliber before he got injured, if he hadn't have got injured, we only talk about Hawkinson and, and, and Laporta crazy Pride.


Yeah, they, they Bowers listen, he was eons above everyone. I just named Eons above. The only thing that set him back was that injury. Huh. Yeah. I don't understand how special he is. How many of those dudes I just named can go up, go line up out there, receiver and run And a whole lot of 'em. I mean, You know, Hey, they, they're, they're versatile now. But this guy had moved. He had wiggle, like you said, he could run, he could run the router, he could run the sl, he could run the out he run a comeback, dig and cut. So yeah, he was, he was special. And, but now he's two years removed from that. ACL. Yeah. Now he in his fifth year, isn't he? Or is his fourth year? I think he's in his fourth year.


It should be fourth. I think it's year fourth, Kyle, if I'm not mistaken. He, we gonna be, he gonna be all right. What is Good? He, This is fifth year or fourth year. Because, because I don't think they picked up his fifth year option. Look, that's a little motivation right there. It is. Little motivation. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. It's fifth year. And hey, listen, and I hope, I hope Michael Penning Jr. Knows they didn't pick up that fifth year option and, and throwing the ball every play on purpose. So we have a hell of a year. So we can get paid in offseason Ocho What's happening?


Falcons undrafted free agent Kobe Bryant spelled C-O-B-E-E. Kobe Bryant went after Lamar Jackson on Snapchat. Take a look at the picture. Is that Harden? Yep. Man, what, what buddy doing? What, what? I mean what, what Great regular season. Not so much in the postseason. That's the rookie did that? Yeah. Undrafted free agent. What, what, what, what's, what's up with Buddy? Yeah. Yo, dope. I'm Just saying that, I mean, listen, that, that, that's, that might be something personal. Maybe that's something personal we don't know about.


Huh? I I bro, I, bro, I don't know. Look, you all know I only know one Kobe Bryant rest is Soul. Yes, sir. And he, they spelled it like the state. Hmm. So I, I don't know this young man. And he, he might turn out to be a phenomenal player. Right. And I hope he does. Yes sir. But it's a little early for you to be, to make talking this kind of noise. Now you need to be Pat Sartan, you need to be Jay Ram, you need to be one of them big do Stingley Jr. Okay. You wanna take a shot? Okay. You go get, come on now. Well hold on, hold on. He got, he got my attention now. He got Kobe Bryant. Huh? Bro, you ain't gonna be paying no attention. We got bigger fish to be worried about than him.


Hold On, hold on. Wait. No, we got bigger fish to, but if you take shots like this, right? You Yes that boy. Yes. So from now you got, now you got my attention. So I'm trying to see what you like on that field. Well, hey, I sure hope they play the Ravens so we can find out. Hold On. What position? He play A corner, right? Woo. He a corner? Yeah, He, This man put James Hardin head on Lamar Jackson's body with the number and everything. Okay. Who he play for? The the Hawk? I mean the Falcons. Okay. They, the, the, the schedule out. Do the Ravens play the Falcons this year?


I don't know. Do the, do the Falcons play the Ravens? I'm not, Hey Imma, I'm, I'm gonna call him my dog. I'm finna call AJ Terrell and ask AJ Terrell if Kobe Bryant really liked that. Yeah. I gotta, I gotta, I gotta, I gotta watch some film on Young Bull, You know? Well, normally when you talk like this or you, You know, you throw a little shade, that mean that mean you like that. Man, that's a big old, old tree. There ain't no little shade. Yeah. I don't, I don't know what he was thinking with this one right here. I, I listen now you, you, I mean, You know what he was thinking? He Yeah, I, I, but I'm, I'm, You know, paper tried, people tried to figure out why he did it. Hell, I don't know. I don't know Either.


That's why the first thing I said is maybe this is something personal that we don't know about. Well, he should go to Lamar Because most of the, most of the time when you are young like that, coming into the NFL, you always respect your elders. Especially the great ones like that. Yeah. I, I bet I be told you man, them drugs ain't have no, No respect. Nah, not like it. That's why I guarantee I don't, I don't person, Man. I would've never, I don't know it, it is just hard. But go ahead. I be, look, that's that. Hey look, we love the first Amendment. He has a right to say whatever he wants to say. Yeah. Hey bro, you have to go out there and back that up now.


Oh yeah. So now, now you put, now you put the pressure on yourself. Not too Bro. I mean, right now you gotta alligator mouth now. Don't let, don't have no hummingbird ass Pin and pad at now. Gotta use that. Oh, they play the Raven. They play the Ravens next year? Nah, Lamar beat up. They out about that. They need to get this thing or they need to get this going now. Hey, they say, hey, Lamar probably say, Hey Harbaugh, y'all put this, put him on his preseason schedule. And I playing L Jackson. I playing, Hey Man, Lamar probably look, hey, You know some, one of Lamar boys or somebody probably said it to me and say, Hey dog, what's up with old boy?


Yeah, my brother like, huh? Who Man, look old with old boy. Look what I sent you. And one, one thing about, one thing about eight. He don't talk. He ain't finna respond. He ain't finna answer. No, I know, but I'm saying he like, he, he probably like What, who, what, who, who? Yeah. Who, who Is this? I just, I told you what he's trying to do. Huh? Get, get your name out there. You do something. You do something. You ain't got no business no different than that. Re that reporter, that reporter with Casey, right? Yeah. That reporter that just listen, throw your name out there, throw the bait, throw the fish. Everybody gonna bite. Okay. Boom. Now I asked the cameras on me now I guess excuse. He was at Kansas last year. Ocho, Huh?


He was at Kansas. He could play college ball at Kansas last year. He was nice. He would like that. I Don't know. What did Travis do? Well, I mean, he was undrafted, so, I mean, I don't know if he has decent speed. I don't, I don't, I don't know. Hey, Chad, Chad, Kobe Bryant like that. Let me know now. Let me know. Let me know. Nah, I, I, I would need to have a Keith's number. I call Akeem Tale or, or Chris Harris Jr. And ask them, they went to Kansas. They would know more. Wait, they Jay Hawks? Yeah. Wait, how, how Kleeb get outta, he ain't go to Texas. Ke would Whitney, Kansas. So did Chris Harris Junior.


Oh, Chris Harris. Okay. Oh, okay, okay. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know what, I don't know what old boys would thinking about. I don't know what pr it prompt him, because Lamar don't really do no talking. I mean every once I've seen, I've probably seen Lamar at more at like fashion events, chilling as opposed to sitting doing anything else. I know. I, I think, I don't know if he still has it. I know he used to have his, his camp, his football camp. Right, right, right. Lamar lays really, really low. Oh, he, he, he crazy low bro. So I'm, I'm, I, I, I, I don't, I don't know what, what, what, what prompted buddy to, to do this. I don't know. I tell, I'm telling you, it's something personal.


I'm telling you, we just, we just don't know about it. 'cause nobody takes He from, is he from Florida? He ain't he from the crib? That's what I'm asking. Ash Ash's looking for it now. I don't know where he from. I don't know where it from. Evergreen, Alabama. I don't, I don't think, I don't think, I don't think they had no demons. O Joe. Nah, listen. I know he must be like that. That's all I know. Anytime you take a shot like that, that high, you got to be able to back it up with your player. So I know he must, he got to be that boy. Yeah, I know. Yeah. No, I, I don't know about all that O Joe. Yeah, I mean, we'll see. We'll see. Oh, look, I, I, I, I'm saying I'm not making, I'm not making light of him being an undrafted fridger because all I'm saying you gimme a helmet and shoulder pass and then I'll show you what I'm capable of doing.


Yeah. Yep. I look at it like that. So all that other stuff, I, I don't, I don't get caught what he was this, he was that. Look, I, I don't, I don't know Chad, I don't know. I wish I knew. Maybe Chad, y'all can chime in the chat and says, well, he said Lamar said something about this or, or he been going at Lamar for a minute. I don't know. So I don't, I don't wanna speculate, get a conjecture or innuendo. All I know is that it seems from where I'm sitting. Yeah. I don't know how Ocho feel, but it seems like from where I'm sitting, he took an unprompted shot at, at Lamar. Yeah. And everybody knows what, what that means. That means that, Hey, James, hard and sensational in the regular season become postseason. Not so much.


Yeah. Hey, now you, now you got that, you got that target now. Yeah. Every, every, every time you at Seven Yards, every time you impressed. Now this is gonna come up. So you, You know, you got hoo boy, you gotta come to play, bro. Oh yeah. Fab for sure. Sure. Gotta come play. Well, you gotta play anyway. But look, because there are a lot of guys, there are a lot of guys in this league that have the utmost respect for Lamar. Yeah. All of us. And so when you, everybody take, when you take a shot at him, they're like, bro, this man don't bother nobody. And a lot of people, You know, there's some that feel like, man, he should have been a three time MVP. They robbed him of that. So they, like I said, like, like, I don't know the kid, so I wish him the best, but hey, he talking like that.


He, he, he might, he might be like that, don't you? Yeah. We gonna find out. He gonna, I know one thing. I know who he is now. So all I wanna see is if the memes and the jokes match up with the play, because it gotta be, it gotta be balanced. It can't be one or the other. It gotta be make sense? It absolutely has to make sense. And Especially with a day like Kobe Bryant, even though it's football, you got, you got to represent. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know if I'd have, Hey, they day knew Kobe Bryant, obviously. I mean, there've been a lot, but I mean, there are a lot of Kobes. Yeah, there are a lot of Kobes.


Yeah. Since that Kobe that burst onto the scene at Lower Meridian in Philly and drafted by the, the Hornets and traded to the Lakers. Yeah.


When You're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for Apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more@apu.apuus.edu slash military.


Welcome to, it takes energy presented by energy transfer where we talk all things oil and natural gas, oil and gas drive our economy, ensure our country security and open pathways to brighter futures. When it comes to meeting the world's energy needs more is better. What we mean is our world needs a wide range of energy sources to meet our increasing needs. Just wind or solar won't get us there as the sun doesn't always shine and the wind doesn't always blow. With our growing population and the increasing use of energy demanding technologies like ai, reliability is key. And the reliability of natural gas is unmatched by wind and solar. That doesn't mean we all can't work together, but natural gas is vital to ensuring we meet our energy needs. Look around and you'll see the essential role oil and gas plays in our lives. Our world needs oil and gas and people rely on us to deliver it. To learn more, visit energy transfer.com.


CCBs Sports ranked the 12 NFL teams most likely to win their first Super Bowl this season. Number one is the bills. Number two of the Lions. Number three of the Bengals. Number four, the Texans, five chargers, six bikes, seven Cardinals, eight Jags, nine Falcons. 10 Titans. 11 Panthers. 12 Browns. You like the order? Yeah, I mean the the order is, is understandable. Simply, I I see we're at, we're at four and they have the lines in front of us. I think because we start so goddamn slow, we start so slow and we're, we're, we're climbing towards the end of the season scrambling, trying to get ourselves outta hole where we haven't even got a chance to consistently, consistently be in the talks of being in contention and playoff contention each and every year.


Winning in the division and taking care of business early in the season. So we don't have anything to worry about. Now. All the team that were mentioned take care of business every single fing year in our leasing contention and have a chance when it comes to playoffs. Lions. The Bills. Who? The, who's the who? The who's the is the who's the third team on Bills? Lyons, Bengals, Texans, chargers, Vikings. Oh, we were On Jack. Huh? Who were the third team? Yes. Oh, okay. Okay. We, oh, okay. We good. But we're we're third because of what I just said though. That damn slow start, man. Damn. We gotta fix that, man. Well, y'all didn't fix it soon enough, so I'm gonna need that.


Need what? My daddy records. You don't mind handing that over to me, do you? You talking to me? Yeah, I'm talking to you. Wait, hold on. You say you need your, your daddy's records. Boy, what that mean? I ain't never heard that before. That's some old, that's some country shit. My money. Hey, what you call it? Your daddy's records? That's some, yeah. I will buy daddy records. Okay. I like that. That's some, that's some nice slang right there. Boy. Can I get that on your, Hey, I'm, You know what? Do me a favor. Do me a favor. What's That? You got PayPal, Zelle, apple Pay Cash App.


Venmo. All you have to do right now, I would let the chat see me. I want the chat to see me send you your money. I'll send it right now. If you download I'm, I'm gonna get, I'll tell you what, I'm gonna get Shelly's. I'm gonna get Shelly's. I think Shelly got PayPal. Okay, there we go. Just send it Shelly. Okay. Okay. Finally. There we go. We got somewhere. There we go. Boston Sports Talk Radio host, former New England Patriot quarterback Scott Zak says it's possible that the Pats could release Stefan Diggs before he ever plays the down for the team speaking on 98 to five Sports Hub. Zak said the following about the potential of the Patriots cutting digs. I came to this show yesterday with the opinion, with, with the opinion.


Not an opinion, but the knowledge that is on the table that is being thought of. And it is just not the boat. It's just not the boat. There's some other things that I've heard that put some things into question. Are you all in here? He ocho this is what he said. I came to this show yesterday with the opinion, not an opinion, but the, but the knowledge that it is on the table. A whole bunch of nothing. That's what I say, Ocho.


But You know, when you go to places like New England, You know Ocho You know how you got to move? You can't move. Like you can't. I know it's the off season, but you can't move Like you were there as a matter of fact, I don't even wanna talk about it. Talk about when you was there. Hold on, hold on. Bill Belichick ain't there no more. It's the same system. Bill be. What? What do you, lemme ask you who, lemme ask You a question. Mike. Mike. Mike Vrabel doesn't, doesn't, doesn't work with a hard hand the way Bill does Now. We, we talk about a players coach. Now you got Mike in there. That is a different ball game. Okay? I'm sure he doesn't run that motherfucker like a military system. Hey Chad. Hey yo, I swear for God, but my right hand to guard.


If anybody in the chat has seen the movie Full Metal Jacket, if you seen the I've seen it. Full metal jacket. I know you saw Full Metal Jacket, right? Yes. Remember the beginning of the movie? Yes. Yes. I've never been to the Army, never been to the Navy. Never been to Marine. But the way the drill sergeant was in that movie is what it felt like. The structure, the discipline where everything had to be Right. The cursing, the, it didn't matter who you was, who you were, everybody was expendable. That's how Bill, that's the kind of shit type of shit Bill ran. This is what Mike Rebel said. He wasn't happy with the video either. If something we're aware of, and obviously we wanna make great decisions on and off the field.


Any conversation that I've had with Stefan will remain between him and I and the club. So I'll ask you again, Ocho Yeah. If it was no big deal, do you believe the head coach would've said what? He said, well, Didn't Have a choice. Any conversation today or may not have had will remain. He had no choice but to say something. 'cause everybody made a big deal of the goddamn thing. It was, if it's No deal, no, no, no, no. I don't worry about what the fans say. I ain't got nothing to do with it. I run the club running. No, you have to because that's the, that's the era we're in. We're in the social media era. So if there's that video, Did Bill Belichick ever respond? Did Bill Belichick ever respond? Bill? Now there were things going on in Tennessee he didn't respond to trying Real. And Mike, they're two completely different coaches.


There are different coaches, but where do you think he learned how to coach? Where do you Think you learned from what you around? I have a question. Yes. Everybody that under Bill that went to be a head coach, how did they do? I'm not saying they, I'm not saying no, I'm not saying nobody Able to do or emulate or No. That what he's done and Vincent. But I, But here's the thing. You want to have as few of distractions teams that have few distractions. Those are the teams that normally win. Not saying always because the Cowboys of the nineties, they were so talented, they had distractions in one, regardless. But the question, look here for Scott Zola to say what he said.


He said this is not an opinion. Who, who was Scott Zola? He calls play by play. He does color for the Patriots. Okay. Okay. Okay. He was there when you was there. Okay. All right. He said this is not, he said with the opinion, not an opinion, but the knowledge that it is on the table. Now, why would he have said that if it's not the case? They say a lot of things. They say, they say a lot of things. So you think he making he making this up? No, I just say I take it with a great assault. Okay. Can I ask you a question? Yeah.


Who's the best receiver in that wide receiver room right now? That ain't how to do it in New England. It's the Patriot way. It ain't, you don't even have the players to have the Patriot way anymore. You can't move. Number 12 is gone. Ray Lewis is not there. 12 clubs and re not in Baltimore. You play like a Raven have Is the standard. It's different. You have LeMar Jackson, The standard. There is no Tom Brady, Inmar Jackson did not fit the culture in Baltimore. I don't care how great Lamar is. Lamar Jackson did not fit the culture for what's in Baltimore. That was long established way before Lamar Jackson said foot in Baltimore. Wait, I'm talking about, I'm, I'm talking about from a skillset, Drake Lamar, I'm talking about the culture in which you do think, don't you?


The military, first of all is not people that go to the mili. The, it's been established, the military run, regardless of who's there. You set the standard, right? You do things a certain way. I'm not, listen, I I don't really know Stefan Digs. I know he's a phenomenal receiver. I know he's coming off a a, an injury and I do believe he can help the Patriots. Yeah. He's the best receiver there. What do you mean? Believe OCHO on one leg, Ocho, was he the best receiver in Buffalo? Yeah. And then let him go. Was he the, was he he was one of the best receivers in, in Houston and I, Yeah.


Yes, but Negro ne Collin was that boy ne Negro Collins damned near a top five. But go ahead, lemme Ask you a question. Was Tyreek Hill the best receiver in Kansas City? Hell yeah. Was Randy Moss the best receiver in Minnesota, in Oakland, in New England? Was Keo the best receiver in San Francisco? Was he the best receiver in Philly? Was he the best receiver in Dallas? Yeah. You See where I'm going with this? Yes. Okay, I see you going. So it also, also, everybody doesn't have to move like a goddamn robot. It's the off season. He's on a boat. Okay, now everybody don't wanna fucking live like that. Aren. That's fucking boring. Ocho. He's about having Trouble.


Re how On ocho, you, you, you killing the messenger? No, I'm, no, no, no. Wait man. Hey, stay with me. You talking. Listen, listen to me. Stay, stay with me real quick. When you buddy, you operate in a different manner. You op, stay with me. I love you to death. You operate in a different manner. Yeah. Talk from New England. They have a certain way to do things. Everybody's not living life born like a fucking robot. Everybody operate that way. But here's the thing. He Gives nothing. He's on a boat and that's it. Then listen, they talk about, he knows he being filmed, so whatever he passing out is not what people are saying it is. I'm sure he told Vrabel that it was harmless.


Ojo, all I'm saying is, is that, excuse me, in certain situations, you have to move accordingly, sir, I understand that in the off season, that should be my free time. Right. But you just have to, You know, you have to move a certain way. I got you. I'm With you. That's all I'm saying With you. I'm with you. I'm, but listen, I and I get like, I, I listen, we're in a different time. We're, we're in a d we're in a different time. Players are a little different. Unc you ain't going nowhere. You know, my cheap ass ain't go nowhere. I've been in Miami all my life. I been on the boat one time in 2000 and I threw up. I ain't been on the boat since. Right. So, I mean just, I I'm, I'm just looking at it from a different landscape.


Not defending Stefon digs at all. I'm just looking at it from a different standpoint of, damn, these boys can't even live they life cameras everywhere. You really can't do nothing. We ain't go nowhere. But, You know, it was like that in New England ocho because guess who's still there? Mr. Kraft? Yeah. Oh, you think he's on board? You think he's on board with this? You know how he is. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But, but listen, they, they had one year, right? Yes. They gave, they they fired. What's his name? After, after, come on. What's his name? Huh? Oh, Jim Rod. Mayo. Mayo. Broad Mayo. They gave him one year, You know, pride. So now Abel's there, we want to turn things around fast as possible, get all the pieces around a quarterback in Drake May Yep.


Who played very well last year and they wanted to make another leap this year. Giving them all the right pieces and players that make his job easier. Steph Har Digs is one of those players that makes his job easier in that, in that wide receiver room. Veteran presence. Very good receiver. One of the better rock runners of the league despite ACL injury. Hell, he one of the better Rock runners. The league with one motherfucking leg. Excuse me for cursing, but I understand what happened. Steph probably won't have this issue again. Probably won't be on any boats again. Probably won't be around cameras again. But he still is the same life. He's always lived. This is, this has always been him. I'm sure You know, I I know him personally and just what we saw isn't what it was.


Yeah. I believe that. I just, and I, I just think the thing is, is that you have to understand where, like, okay, maybe they allowed you to do that in Buffalo, allowed you to do that in Houston. But You know, when you go to middle New England, they operate on a different set of rules. They do. They and, and they, and they really, and they really do. 'cause Mr. Krab, You know, he like the little distraction as possible. Even though Coach Belichick, the Patriot, I guarantee you they still gotta sign up. Say even Coach Belichick is gone. Absolutely. On radio is gone. They probably still got a thing up that says the Patriot way. Just like the Ravens have up play like a Raven. Yeah, absolutely. That Culture was established a long time ago.


And the thing is, is that what helped Baltimore is, as you mentioned, Lamar came in and he bought into that culture play to a standard. I'm playing all that other stuff don't even matter. Yeah. I play to the culture. I play like a Raven, the Ray Lewises and the Rod Wilsons and, and, and, and the Terrell Suggs and Ed Reeds myself when I was there. There's a standard in which you play to, and it helps when you don't have a Ray Lewis and all those guys there, but you still have a Lamar, right? And so Lamar's job is make sure the guys that hopefully he has another decade that he trans like, look guys, I'm not gonna be here forever, but we, there's a tradition here and your job is to uphold that.


So yeah, it's, it's, it's just a different time now Ocho it's different. Yeah. It is really, really different. And it is so, it's so funny. I I'm, I'm I'm not gonna go there. I'm not gonna go there. But we talk about, You know what, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't gonna do it because we, we, we talk about the Patriots and You know, You know what, I'm gonna leave it alone.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family. Parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for Apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour for undergraduate and master's level programs. American public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Welcome to it takes energy presented by energy transfer where we talk all things oil and natural gas, oil and gas driver economy ensure our country security and open pathways to brighter futures. What do You know about oil and natural gas? You likely associate them with running your car or heating your home. But these two natural resources fuel so much more than that. More than 6,000 consumer products that we rely on every day are maybe using oil and gas before you even step out the door in the morning. You've already used more products made possible because of oil and gas than you realize from the toothpaste you brush your teeth with the soap you washed your face with and the sheets you slept on. Not to mention your makeup contact lenses, clothes and shoes, oil and gas are vital parts of all these products and so many more. Look around and you'll see the essential role oil and gas plays in our lives. Our world needs oil and gas and people rely on us to deliver it to learn more. Visit energy transfer.com.


Brad Holmes. Yeah. He's the general manager of the alliances. Right. Takes reporters to task over past criticism. Let's take a listen to what he had to say. Ocho I like this. When you look back at those picks and those picks were not welcome by many in this room. You know, Dave, you wanna pick quarterback? You didn't want us to pick Pennet Sewell. You know, people didn't want us to wait till the fourth round to draft a wide receiver, but every single move was intentional. I Think you all would expect me to be accountable when I'm up here, when, when things don't go right, you would expect me to be accountable when you heard so much negativity about our draft.


And then when I said, look, wait till they start playing football. It'll be appreciative when they start playing football and people start giving credit. The negativity kind of just everybody forgot about it. I, I give, I give probably two people credit in this room that said, You know what, I was wrong. Hmm. I like that. I like that. I like the fact that he can sit up there and actually do that and let the media know that you guys don't know the game like I do. I know what I'm doing when I'm in that war room. I've studied, you guys might have been, y'all might be a part of the media. You might be analyst, you might understand the game, but you don't know it as well as I do.


That's why I'm in the position I'm in now. Picking and choosing what our team needs, what our needs are, what players best fit our system. And he hasn't missed yet. Yo made the trade for Eric. What Effing reporter complained about p getting drafted Because they wanted him to take, they wanted him to take Chase. Oh, okay. Oh, understandable. But listen, you didn't miss with Jamon Williamson and Amman Ross St. Brown. Now. It ain't, they're Gibbs our winner. But you still got some dogs. You got Brian Ranch. Woohoo. You got Jamir Gibbs and, and and they Don't. You got in tar arms.


Arnold there Terry on Terry on Arnold. Yeah. He nice. He Nice. You got him. Hey, We get my dog to stop holding and use his feet a little bit more. You Got Hutchinson. He gonna be all right. You got Hutchinson. Oh, because here's the thing. When guys miss, oh, you coulda had this guy, you coulda had that guy. Right? We quick to write that in the paper. We'll write that in the paper. How good Brad Holmes has been with his draft Selection and he and he hasn't missed. Hey, I have a question. Was he there when they drafted? Is it not Arnette? There's another, there's another, there's another DV that I really liked from Ohio State that went that day.


I think he got drafted to To Oh, you talk about? Yeah. I I really liked him in college. What's the Guy's name? He went to Atlanta. He was a Yeah, I know who you're talking about. OK Oda. Jeff Oda? No, Jeff Oda. Yeah. I like the young boy. Where, where? Where's Jeff Oda now? Anybody know anybody in the chat know where Jeff is now? I really like, Hey, I really Like, I Think you only like his third or 14. Nah, it's only like you, you four. You're three or four for him. Okay. Hey, I like, I like him, man. Hey, that goddamn Brian Branch.


What, what team is he on now? Because he got traded. I think they traded him. Yeah, but was he Three eight? Yeah, he got drafted to Detroit though. He got drafted to Detroit. He was in Atlanta. He was in Houston. Now he's on Minnesota. I said he's on his third or 14th now. Okay. Damn. I wonder I, yeah, I wonder why I don't, I don't wanna, yeah, IIII don't know what you was talking about. Like Yeah, he not there. No, he's on his third or 14th. No, I I know he is not there. I'm just saying. I'm Just saying. No, I'm saying, but I knew he was on his third or 14th.


Oh, okay, Okay, okay, okay, okay. Yeah. I like him. I like, Oh, Joe OJ said he never wanted to leave the Giants. I never ever wanted to leave New York Giants. The reason you heard me talking about what I was going on was because I was pissed. Because where I come from in college, if we lost one game, our season was over. This was the organization I got drafted to, they believed in me. So if the Giants went and won the Super Bowl, I would be happy. But deep down inside, I wanted to be the one, no question. So it's definitely, you'll always hold that. But then someone like me went the Rams won the Super Bowl, but still, you just won't. That Odell has bounced around between five teams since joining the NFL in 2014. Yeah.


Man, Odell man was, you Don't realize Ocho Yeah, you and I both, I played on two teams. Yeah, you played on two teams. Yeah. You don't realize how good you got it. You, everybody always thinks it's better somewhere else. And I can, I'm gonna have so many more catches and I'm gonna have so many more yards and I'm gonna have so many more touchdowns and everything that you need is right where you are. Yep. You know what? But he was in a situation where he didn't wanna leave. He didn't wanna leave. Huh? He, he was, he was perfect. He was perfect in, Well, you have to, you have to ocho you can't say, I don't wanna leave this job and I conduct myself in a manner which they're gonna get rid of me.


Ocho damn. Yeah. Yeah. You Right, right. I I'm thinking, oh, don't, don't, don't scream at me, but I'm saying No, but I'm saying he said he didn't wanna leave. But do you, I I mean O Odell could have conducted himself in a way and they wouldn't have Oh yeah. He put him in a, he put him, he backed him in a corner. Yeah. Yeah. You right, you right. Hey, unbelievable Man. O Odells. First four years was electrifying as you going to see any receiver. Yeah. You go back and look at his numbers, you look at the, at about a yards, the about of touchdowns, the highlight plays. He was sensational. Yeah, Absolutely. Absolutely. Babe box office baby.


And he was tailor made for that because of his personality. The city new. Perfect, perfect Wrong. He, he could have been Michael Strahan. He could have been GI mean he had, I mean he had New York eating out the palm of his hand. Hey, that's the, that's the perfect scenario. But I, you, You know, it is funny. I think if for, for Odell, if I think he's able to reflect and look back on it now, he would probably change the way Oh yeah. For sure. Not the wait, not the way he acted on, on the, not on the field. I'm talking about on the field. Maybe some of the stuff on the sideline. Maybe some of the stuff Yes.


That we, yes. I think he would change some of that, but we for sure what he did on the field. Oh my goodness though. He was special. He was special. Oh, you listen, I said it not too long ago. I remember we had a, some shows a while ago, I say, well he, he might have been the first $200 million receiver and this was before they even got to the money they getting to now. That's how special in box off he was. Well, that, that's what he was trending towards. Yeah. Oh my goodness, man. He, I just, that's, that's what I, I I mean I I hate that. Yeah. Because he, I promise you he gonna kick himself because he knows he never should have left the Giants.


He knows it. I mean he what, what he wasted two, two years in Cleveland? Yeah, in Baltimore. You in Miami. Yeah. The, the Rams was, was a great pickup from him. He had a quarterback to get him the ball. He had an offensive coordinator that knew how to get him the ball. He had Cooper Cup that was playing phenomenal. So when he double cup, he's working one on one. You remember the, the game he had against Tampa because they trying to double Cooper Cup. He goes 400 Cooper Cup still get his a hundred. He was playing well in the championship game against the 49 ERs. Played well in the Super Bowl, had a to caught the first touchdown, tore his knee up. That's the second time he had torn that knee up. Yeah.


And just Up. And then all of a sudden, You know, he broke his ankle. I think he broke his ankle. There's only so much, there's only so much Twitch. Yeah. You got in your body only so much Twitch. You got Ocho. There's only so much you got. He was phenomenal. I mean, his hands, his route running his, his his, his his, he played a lot bigger than his, his stature. Absolutely. Hey, His run after the catch. I was just, I was just getting rid. Hey, what is it about every goddamn LSU in Alabama receiver, they are phenomenal with the ball in their hands. Phenomenal Jetta, chase, Brian, Thomas, Jr.


Julio Jones, Jerry, Judy, Malik, neighbors, Malik Man, Because each one teach one. They go back and they teach, You know Julio and you got Calvin Ridley and you got Amarii Cooper, you got, you got Waddle and you got Devonte and you got Ru You know you got Judy. Yeah. There's one thing to be able to run Rouse. But then they, then they got the other half, All of them can run. Roddy White says Kyle Shanahan told him he'd rather throw the ball to Jacob, Tammy than Roddy with the game on the line. Shanahan told Roddy he wasn't a top four option on the 2015 team.


Man, Shanahan lying like crazy, man. We talking about Roddy White. What? Not just anybody. You talking about Roddy White, but I wore 84. Huh? That's a, a Atlanta legend to me. A player I used to watch. Talk about Roddy. Stop playing. Damn, Julio Had he said that for real? I don't know. That's what, that's what Roddy White said. Hell, I wasn't there. Hey Rod, don't tape. Rod White Julio had 203 targets. He had 136 catches. 1,871 yards, eight touchdown. Jacob, Tammy, he had 81 targets, 59 catches, 657 yards, one touchdown. Devonte Freeman. He had 97 targets, 73 catches, 578 yards, three touchdowns.


Roddy White had 70 targets, 43 catches, 506 yards. 11.8 yards per catch. One touchdown. Well, what was this, this last year or something? I think it was this last year in Atlanta. Oh, well that I, I would see why the numbers look like that. Yeah, I see what that look, I know something about, I know something about Kyle. I've known him since he was a kid. Yeah. Played for his dad. He has a lot of dad. He got a guy like Julio is this guy? Yeah. Hope Julio gets a blow because that's when the ball gonna come your way.


Oh, he gonna feed. Oh, his number one receiver gonna get fat. He gonna feed him. Huh? That's the, that's the way the West Coast system work, right? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Most definitely. Look at Jerry, look at Keo in that system. Look at my brother in that, in that system. Look At, look at Cooper Cup Triple Crown year. Look at PO drafting Poco. Okay. Boom. Same, same thing. Yep. Go back and look at Green Bay when it was Antonio Freeman and all those guys. That Westgate, Hey, green, green Bay still run West Coast, but it's by committee now. Yes. Ain. Who gonna have a goddamn damn system? Well, that's, that's what Jacoby said. That's what j Jacob said.


We need a a a dog. You need one guy that you can throw the ball to. Right. And he going, Hey, he gonna go get it. But like I, You know, you asked me, I don't know. I don't know The volume.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na, and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour For undergraduate and master's level programs. American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more@apu.apuus.edu slash military.


Welcome to it takes energy presented by energy transfer where we talk all things oil and natural gas, oil and gas drive our economy, ensure our country security and open pathways to brighter futures. When it comes to meeting the world's energy needs, more is better. What we mean is our world needs a wide range of energy sources to meet our increasing needs. Just wind or solar won't get us there. As the sun doesn't always shine and the wind doesn't always blow. With our growing population and the increasing use of energy demanding technologies like ai, reliability is key, and the reliability of natural gas is unmatched by wind and solar. That doesn't mean we all can't work together, but natural gas is vital to ensuring we meet our energy needs. Look around and you'll see the essential role oil and gas plays in our lives. Our world needs oil and gas and people rely on us to deliver it. To learn more, visit energy transfer.com.


This is an iHeart podcast.