
Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, listen To the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty, the story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again, our NBA champions. Today, the Warrior's Dynasty remains a alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for What Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that Mount Westmore Come revisit this magical Warrior's ride. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content. The term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts, The Volume,


The NBA 82 Game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the hot stakes, drama, clutch moments, and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting, draft King Sports book has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playing games all the way through the finals, now it's time to back your favorite player and teams as they go. Chase Glory. All season long DraftKings has been your go-to spot for NBA player prompts and that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30, 40 or even more? It's your call ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app now. Lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for you. First timers, new Draftking customers bet $5 and get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings. Download the draftking sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 instantly. And bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only your DraftKings the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, t and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Hello ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I am your favorite artist. My partner and co-host, the Liberty City Legend, the bingo ring of Fame, honor Reed, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. He is Chad Ochocinco Johnson and talk to discuss all things basketball. The Arkansas native went to the U of a University of Arkansas that is, y'all know him. He has a yoga studio right here in the A iso. Joe Johnson. Joe, thanks for joining us guys, we are gonna get to it in just a second. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


Thank you guys for your support. Thank you for your continued support and You know how much we I ocho. Joe, we really, really appreciate you because without you, there can be no us. And thank you for holding me strong. I really appreciate, appreciate you guys' support. Please make sure you check out Shaa by La Portier. We do have it in stock now. If you cannot find it any a city or a state near you, order it online. We will ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe out there. Please go follow my media company page on all of his platforms, sheshe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything is restocked, the link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone they're gone.


So please grab yours while supplies. Supplies last, excuse me. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work Tour are on sale now. Eight stops. Eight stops are as followed. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, LA, Miami, nyc, Chicago, and Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehamedia.com slash tour. That sheha media.com/tour. That link is also pinned in the chat. Our guest line up is shaping up real nice guys, you don't wanna miss this. If we come into a city near you, please come out and support Nightcap, unc and ocho. Thank you. The Timberwolves Lakers defeat the Lakers to take a two one lead.


One 16 to 1 0 4. The Lakers wa wasted a master performance by LeBron. 38 points 10 rebounds, four assists two blocks, two steals. Five of nine from the three point line. But it was not enough because three of the LA three of the Timberwolves Lakers, a man finished like Antman supposed to do. That's what your best player is supposed to do. Okay? He's supposed to finish, but Jayden McDaniels, Julius Randall was sensational. Nas Reed Chip dead. So did Mike Conley and they come away, get a gain of two one lead one 16 to 1 0 4. Joe, lemme go to you first. The timber Ws, I thought LeBron and that fourth quarter he comes down, hit back to back threes and then yeah, the game undone.


Turn over the miss free throws. Joe watching this game, tell me how it played out in your eyes. Just seemed like it's two heavyweight fighters, man. Just really going at, it's like backyard basketball, UNC and Ocho, like they really kind of take the centers out the game run, play in the five, they spread the floor and it's just penetrating kick basketball. Things that you learn in grade school, You know what I mean? And it's just read and react and that's pretty much how they've been competing. This, You know, pretty much this whole series. But like you say, Jay McDaniels baby, he gonna come out, he ultra aggressive. What he shot, what he, how many, how many field goals attempts he had 22. He was 13 for 22 tonight. Like I like to see that.


I like to see this young talent come out initiate, You know, be that aggressor and put the onus on the Lakers man. When, when him and a man attacking like that and applying pressure, You know, when that paint on that rim, You know, they're able to get easy dumb downs to Rudy. Spray out threes to these guards. Divining Joes, You know, coming off the bench playing great. Hey, it's a problem. Minnesota bringing it, they bringing it over with Joe. Them boys ain't playing man. Yeah. Hey they, they, they, they, they came to play tonight obviously. I thought, I think something something was wrong, wrong with Luca. I'm not sure what was wrong with Luca. He wasn't on, he wasn't efficient that he normally is. But LeBron, LeBron was Vinces tonight on LeBron was Venture 13 for 21.


He, he had 38, 10 rebounds, four sis. He didn't have much help. He didn't have much help. He was playing on both ends of the court too now. Yeah. Playing defense, playing offense outside of that man. And man, I'm, listen, I'm at an, I'm, I'm changing his name, Anthony. Amazons because he delivering every time he coming to the party, any he on time, every time Monk and obviously Jake Jay Daniels was, was excellent tonight. Will he be able to keep up that consistency night in the night out? I it is doubtful the Zo coming off the, coming off the bench and contributing Nas Reed hitting some key threes. Yep. Obviously in the game as well.


It, it was a good game. Like, like Joe say, a heavyweight, it looked like a heavyweight heavyweight fight. Both of 'em going back to back. But when it came down to the end of it, the timber bulls got Tim Bulls pull it off. Yeah. Yeah. I I think the thing is McDaniel has been the key. If you look at the first game they won, look at how well he shot. He didn't play particularly well in the second game. Nas an NAS Reed didn't play well in the particular, in the second game. And so that's the, that's he's the X factor. Yeah. Now if you gonna get your third option and he's gonna give you 30 points, it's gonna be, especially, especially if your first two options are doing what they're supposed to do. A man gave you 29. Julius Randall gave you 22. Now your third option, which is Jayden McDaniels, he's gonna give you 30.


It's gonna be hard to overcome that unless LeBron, unless Luca, unless AR can match that. So let's just say for the sake of argument, they kind of matched that tonight. But the difference was Di Vincenzo and Na nas re they gave you 21. Yep. So I'm looking at it right here. You got 25 off the bench from the Timberwolves Lakers and you got 8 11, 16, 19 from them. But it was the timely shots. It's too many Joe, it's too many turnovers. The Lakers I think had five or six missed free throws in the first half a game. You know, that's gonna be tight. Every possession matters.


Every point matters. Yeah. You, when you go to the line and the clock is stopped, you gotta capitalize. If you have an opportunity to make free throws and just too many turnovers because when they turn the ball over, Minnesota's making them pay the ultimate price on the other end. Go look at points off turnovers and look how many Minnesota had and look how few the Lakers had. When you turn the ball over like the Lakers are, and this is a young team, they can get out and run. Lakers don't have the legs that they, that the Minnesota Timberwolves Lakers have. Yeah. You are asking for trouble. You are really asking for trouble. I thought the Lakers played really well the third quarter again kind of got away from 'em, You know, they had a lead. But look, You know, everybody's gonna make a run.


I mean you, it's a game of run. That's what basketball live. Yeah. You make your run, we make outs. Okay. We go back and forth, back and forth, back and forth and then you, we go on another run. You go on another run. But I thought the Lakers just turn the ball over too much. J Joe, I thought they turned it over too much. I thought they missed too many free throws and they let, they let the Timberwolves Lakers get into a rhythm. Especially like the last four minutes of the game. Yeah. When you had an opportunity, LeBron had an opportunity. It seemed like he was gonna take a three. He took his off the ball, he smoked the layup. He did. I mean he smoked it. Yeah. Good, good. When smoke one in the first half. Yeah. When you are on the road and you're playing a team like this and You know it's gonna be nipping tough.


Every possession matters, every point matters. And you can't give away it, you can't come away with empty possession. You can't, the the, the one thing I really do like is, man, when we, when we watch sports Ocho, we watch for what we watch for guys that come out there. Yeah. Not only display they talents, but long as they competing at a high level. Right? Yeah. Yes sir. These dudes out here compet. You hear me? Yeah. Yeah. It, they, they compete and they taking on the challenge. And the only thing that that concerns me about the Lakers is down the stretch when they go with bro at the five, they have no ri protection. So, and man when he get, when he get to the cup, 'cause he gonna get to the cup, it's either yes bucket fo or spray out for three. Yeah.


You know, because there's a thing. 'cause they put what they're doing is they putting Luca in the pick and roll? Yeah. They seeking it. So they they they pick they picking on Luca. Yeah. So now Luca can't stop him on the initial move. Right. So now if you saw somebody slides to help, it's an easy kick. But a lot of times he's like, bro that's a gave Vincent, that's a Aian finish smell. I'm going on the top of y'all. Hey, hey, hey. The one time he got that steel hold when he got that steel and he, he drove, he dribbled out to the three point line. I don't know what Luca was thinking. I'm like, Luca should have been on the block. So when he looked to come baseline, he should already been that big. Like, nah don't come this went baseline and snatch the screws out that thing.


Hey y'all, hey Joe. Y'all, y'all, y'all think y'all think Luca hurt or was he just tired tonight? He said food something was something something He wasn't feeling right. He wasn't feeling well. That's what they said. Yeah. He kept, he kept holding his stomach or something like that. Yeah, it is hard to tell. And I don't know if he initially came out there with that, the undershirt on that he had, it seemed like he, I don't know. Like I said, I wouldn't really paying attention and that I don't think he started the second half. Right because Gabe business started the second half and then at the time out. Yeah, he ended up coming into the ball game. So he, he might be a little under the weather but at, at this juncture of the year, Ocho don't nobody care. So I I'm just gonna be 1000 with your OCHO Joe you played at a high level sir in the NBA OCHO and I, you and I we played football.


When you in the playoffs, nobody gives a damn whether you got an injury, whether you got a C, you got the flu, fool, poison, whatever the case may be, get your butt out there on the field or the court and deliver. Yeah. That's what you make the big bucks for. That's how you got that name. That's who you are. And that's the expectation that people have and I believe that's the expectations. And Luca's not gonna make excuses. He knows he's going to have to play better. Yeah. If they're gonna have a chance to win this series. Absolutely. Yeah. So I mean listen, how you feeling now? I feel good. Y'all down. No, no, no. 1, 2, 5 is obviously it's not happening in five. I feel good. I feel good with the five.


It can still happen in five. You Think you happen five It may not be your Yeah, don't do that Joe. Don't do that for the register. The one thing that concerns me, You know this young Wolves team, they win in la they did what they wanna do. They gotta win. So they got home court advantage. As long as they can take care of home court, man they gonna be tough to be bro. Like we need Bron needed 50 tonight to win. He needed 50. I'm sorry he, he don only one rhythm had only one seen the really have a rhythm. I thought Austin Reeds had a pretty good rhythm there for a second. But man, you need people to put pressure on the, on that rim man.


Get in that paint to be able to sprout for threes. We needed Roy. I mean ro I mean something y you never know. I can never tell what I'm gonna to get from Roy. Eight points is not nearly enough. Four rebounds, bro. I need more than that. Yeah, I mean bro you got 38 points and you got, I mean you got 38 minutes and you got Yeah, yeah. Eight points I three LeBron, you got a guy on 48 on 40-year-old legs giving you 40 minutes and he was the minus 19, he was the highest plus minus, he was the highest minus on there tonight. Yeah. Yeah. It, it's, it, it's, it's just tough to overcome. When you look Jackson Hayes, he can't play. The problem is, is that you don't have no protection from the rim because Jackson Hayes can't play long enough.


And the thing is, is that they're allowing Gobert to play 24, 25 minutes and they got real protection. So if somebody beat somebody up there to dribble, you saw, who is that? Dorian Finn Smith and Rudy Gold said, lemme get that, lemme hold that right quick. I what You, I don't know what you thought somebody told you. Yeah. And that, that's why like if Randall, if Randall gr him like he's being like being a bull in the China to shop, like he really causing a habit down there. 'cause they too small to deal with him and Rudy, You know what I mean? Right. And when he played Randall at the five, like he deadly at that position, You know, going off the bounce, creating, getting to the cup, getting fouls going to the free throw line, kind of get himself going.


You know what I mean? Yeah. But I what I don't understand Joe. I've never seen a a left-handed. Most lefties gonna go to that dominant hand. If you think about all the lefties, you think about Julius Randall. Yeah. Think about James Harden. Yeah. Think about Barcelonas, think about any left Manu Ginley bro coach, You know, they want to go to that dominant head and they let Randall spend every time to the left. Yeah. Thank him go right? Yeah. Yeah. Hey listen, and and I get, I get it, I get it Joe. It's a lot easier said than done. But you are not going to be, I'm not going to allow you to beat me If I'm a boxer, you might knock me out but you ain't gonna knock me out with your dominant hand.


Now you might catch me with something I don't see, but it ain't gonna be your dominant one. So you might slip that upper cut on me or choke or you by, hey, you may hit me with the left hook, but if I know you got a right ain't gonna get me. Yeah. You ain't gonna get me, you going. Right. So, You know, you want to get to that left hand, he wants to get there. I'm not letting him go. And then once he picks up his dribble and he fakes Right, okay, go ahead and go that way, but I'm not gonna let you fake me. Right. And I go flying out the sky like, I'm like, I'm David Thompson and come back left and lay it up. I'm not gonna do that. I'm not gonna do that Joe. Am am am I wrong in that assessment Joe? No you're not wrong. But like you say, it is a little harder than what you say. I mean he's being ultra aggressive on, he was nine for 10 from the Freako line.


He got to the lot 10 times. So, so which lets me know, You know, when he caught it, he took, he took advantage of the mismatches. You know, he took advantage of being one of the bigger guys in the game at the time and You know, he's helping him man. He's giving these guys wide open shots just by him being ultra aggressive like they're on offense. Yeah, I I'm, go, go ahead Don Joe, go ahead. I'm, I'm just trying to look at, look at some staff 'cause I don't really have it on my computer like I would at home. Yeah. The The, the league is in trouble. Hey Joe. Joe, the next game, the next game in Min in, in Minnesota ain't Yes sir. Hey, hey, ain't looking good. Look, we got this one. Ain. Look, listen LeBron, like, like Joe say LeBron gonna had to score 50.


Luca has to, I'm not sure if he, he got a stomach, a tummy ache. I'm not sure what it is. Ho hopefully he's able to recover and come back to playing how we know how he, we know he can play. Right. Also, Reeves give us something like we did tonight, but ru we gotta show up. Woo. We gotta show up or UNC is, is not, is not looking good. Look, I I think for me, when I look, I'm looking at this, do I expect LeBron, can LeBron do it? Yes. I've seen him go 30 and 40 and back to back game. Yeah, you're asking an awful lot because the next game is probably gonna be Sunday. So if, if you think about it, think about the layoff that they had. Yeah. They played and then now all of a sudden they get so he got two days off. Yeah. So when you are older, you need more time to recover Joe, you need more time to suit them.


Send those thermo tech boots, You know, you need more time to sit in that cold tub and not honor in that red table. Yeah. You need more of recovery. So I don't know how quick, now look, I know immediately after this game he went straight to the locker room, putting them feet, putting them on puppies in the coat and, and and the bucket of ice. Yes sir. He got ice bags on his knees, he got it on his back. So he's doing everything he possibly can to start the recovery process as soon as possible. But he is 40. He is, I i I, there's no way around, there's no way to escape that. So I don't know if he's gonna be able to give you another virtuoso like he gave you tonight. They really need Luca to play better than what he played.


Hopefully that bug will be is a 24 hour bug and it'll be subsided. It'll be gone. But I don't think, if you think about it, they didn't play bad. I mean if you look at the total, right because I mean I'm looking at LeBron. LeBron had what LeBron had 38. Luca had 17, that's 55. Yeah. And Officer Reeves had 20, that's 77 points. They didn't play bad. No, but the problem is that you ran into, Julius Randall had 22, McDaniels had 30, that's 52. And then you compare that with the 29 and a man had, so now you at 81 and the auxiliary, you got nine from Mike Conley, you got 11, you got 10.


So we're gonna need, we're gonna need, okay three, they sub they cancel each other out. They got have two other guys that go double figures. That means the lake is gonna have to have somebody to go double figures 15, 16 to offset what Nas Reed and what, who's that? The dizel what they gave you. I mean look, they hear some shots. I mean Dizel hit a crossover cross finish Smith up made him touch Earthing and step back and held his leg up. Yeah. Mike Carley got a rebound, ran out and banked it. I don't know how he made it from the, how he banked that from that angle, Joe. I still don't know how he did it. Yeah. Hey, that's what the basketball guys baby, he living right?


He living right. Hey, you living right? Yeah. Basketball guys gave you some grace. That's what, that's why I said if you remember and when they had covid he ended up winning the horse competition because he, he's a dextrous, he could shoot either hand. Yeah. So if they would to have a horse competition, I would probably pick Mike. I would probably, it'd be very interesting if Luca, Mike Carley and Steph Curry would've in enter it. It'd be very interesting because both, all three of them can make some crazy ridiculous ass shots. Yeah, they do man. They do. I'm gonna tell you something Luca ar they gonna have to get on the bandwagon with, with LeBron Ocho. You know, like it's gonna take at least two of them to probably explode to, You know, to get a game in Minnesota because they seeking Luca every trip bro.


So you gotta imagine he got the ball in his hand on offense almost every play if bro ain't got it. And then defensively it's like we seeking, we seeking for you every play. So he's having to exert a lot of energy to, You know, to to to be able to, You know, put his stamp on the game man. But yeah, he got, he gonna have to step up for him.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free with Dutch. You'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


The forties and free agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've Told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, listen To the forties and free agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Yeah, well I think look, You gotta make him work because I'm not gonna let you, I'm not gonna let you rest on the defensive end so you can punish me. Use all offensive, end all of your energy for offense. That's how you, that's how you make an offensive player exert energy. You make him work on the defensive end. So hey oh, oh you Think you gonna drop 40 on me and and coast on it in? No you're not. Right because I'm gonna try to give you 30. Right. I'm gonna try to make you exert energy and now I'm gonna put your ass in the pick and roll. I'm gonna make you fight over picks, I'm gonna attack you 'cause I'm gonna make you exert, burn some of that energy so you don't have as much on the other end. I agree with you Joe.


I think and the thing is, is that when you say go off, they need to go off in an efficient manner. You can't take 20 shots and make four and say well I had 25 points. Right. That's not good. Yeah. You need to go off like LeBron, you need to go off in an efficient manner for it to mean something. Yeah. And so I agree with you. I think one, those two guys, Luca and LeBron probably need to team up for about right. In order for them to win this series, they're gonna, that 77 was good but they might need to be around the 85 90. Yeah, listen between the, between the, the three of them Joe. So I'm about gonna need, You know, a 40 point, somebody gonna have to have a high 20 or a low 30.


Right. And the other guys gonna have to be in the mid twenties in order for them to, because I can't count on the other guys that's going to, I can't go in and say well I know Finn Smith gonna gimme 12 tonight. Well Ruy gonna probably gimme 16. I can't go in thinking that. Right, right, right. You know, we put a game plan together Ocho I like, okay, Ocho going to gimme his eight, who's gonna gimme probably five to six. Okay. I could rest his soul. Chris Henry, he probably gonna gimme four. One's gonna probably be about 30, 40. Yeah. So I can pencil that. I kind of know what I'm gonna get. Right, right. Yeah. Outside of the, outside of your top three, I'm not sure what I'm gonna get from Rui. I'm not sure. Yeah. I'm not really counting on a whole lot of points from Van.


Do, I'm count maybe one three from Gabe Vincent. I don't know what I'm gonna get from anybody else. And so it's hard 'cause those guys go off and they can still possibly lose. But I know if those guys don't go off, they don't have a chance. Yeah. And listen, it, it, it, it is damn near just as three I I wanna say two man. 'cause sometimes, You know, Reed Reeds can, reeds can get hot and when Res was on he's own. But I like LeBron's approach to the game tonight. He didn't, he didn't come out trying to facilitate. He came out and established dominance early, which he didn't do in game two. Luca was on fire. He allowed Luca to stay in rhythm. Right. But LeBron approached the game difference tonight. You know what, I'm gonna get myself a rhythm and let the game go, let the game come to everybody else.


Right. As it will, as it may. Luca wasn't feeling well tonight. Something had to be wrong. Whatever it is, they got to fix it for the next game, which is Sunday. Right? I Think so. I think the next game is gonna be Sunday ocho. Yeah. There's the next game is Sunday. I I think, I think it would be who LeBron to, to approach the game this same manner and being very aggressive early in the game. I think he had 16 but in the second quarter, something like that. Yeah. He had twin LeBron. LeBron had 14. He had 14. He had 14 in the second. He had six in the first, 14 in the second. Yeah. He didn't, yeah, he was like okay, I think he, I I think Ocho he might have had five seven, he might have had like seven in the second in the third quarter and then he caught Yeah.


Had a back to back three and it looked like he was about to let another one because Luca got a pass up to him in a hurry and he just fumbled it and then the next thing You know, they come back down. 'cause when you smoke that layup, they hit a three, then he fumbled the ball and then they come back and they hit a, they get enough, they get a So that those are swings and points and in momentum when you do things like that. Yeah. And You know it normally happens like that Joe, you smoke one on one end, they come back and get points on the other end. Yep. You turn the ball over and now they right back at you in your kitchen. Yep. You gotta take care of that rock man. Especially in the playoffs, You know, every possession, You know. It is, it is, it is, it is valuable. But here's my thing, you got that man ain't even shoot no free throws tonight man. No, he still ain't to me.


He had twin nine tonight but he still still ain't had one of them games. One of them signature games. You know, I'm, I'm looking for him to go off about 40, 45 ocho. You hear me? I'm hoping so. Yeah. Yeah, because if he go for 45 Jayden Daniels not gonna get 22 shots. So I hope you right. I hope you right. It might, it may be okay. He might be one of them official ones. You know, he, he was the best three point shooter in the, in the NBA this year. He was five. No, he had the most, he yeah, he had the most threes. He wasn't the best highest, he had the most threes. Listen, he was five for 10 from the three tonight. He's shooting at three ball now. Yeah. Mm. But if you think about it, McDaniels was 13 or 22, 12 or 26. I can live with that.


But he got a, he, he made about three in that fourth quarter. He made some threes in the fourth that counted that basically just Okay. The game's over. Yeah. And that's what you do. You want the closer, you want your closer when you come in more Mo Rivera when you, the Yankees got to the night. Sometimes he got a point I saved. But most of the time Ocho, when they open that bullpen in the ninth inning and they say enter the Sandman and he come by that thing and he, You know, he got one pitch and the only he thought is that cut fastball the cutter. Yeah. He go that, that's my closer. And that's what you want. You want your closer. I will put the ball in your hands. Right. Delivered. Get us this win. Yes sir. They put the ball in that man's hand and he made every right play.


He hit the open guy or he finished at the rim. Yeah. So I cannot complain about, You know, they had a lead because look the, the Lakers like okay we gonna make your y this one close the ball game. What did do three instead of being now you are up five. Yeah. What'd he do again? He come back two point another three. Give it to me. Give it to me now. Come on now come. I've been waiting for it. I've been waiting for it. Yeah. So I cannot complain because Airman did it what he was supposed to do. And, and, and I I'm thinking if you are a coach, you are JJ Reddick Joe. You ain't thinking J McDaniels about to give you a 30 bomb. No Joe, you ain't thinking No, no, no.


I ask, give, gimme the stats. How many times did J McDaniels have 30 in the season? This a career high form. It was a career. Okay. So see it was a career. But listen, when you got your, when you got your main guy and man pushing for him, pushing for his CoStar, You know, feeding that confidence into him like that. Like he gonna perform like this at, at home, You know. Yeah. He gonna have some, some some career high games. I'm looking for him to have another one. I, nah, I was gonna be, I'm gonna be honest, I'm gonna be honest with you because he's a starter but he's a role player. Be and role players then I, I will say I can see this. They normally play better at home. Yeah. Yo, You know Joe, your third four receivers, they normally play better at home.


Yeah. Crowd backing them as opposed down the road. And so we understand guys are very familiar in the, their environment got no problem with that. But I, I'm not counting on him to gimme another 30 piece Julius Randall. But like you said he the bulldog, it's, you are asking an awful lot because you don't really, because if you ask LeBron to bang with Jew basically the whole night, he ain't gonna be getting nothing on offense. Not that boy Not to bang, not to bang to bang because Julius trying to bang and listen. That's ju that's why you had them little mishaps at the end of the game. Miss layup just a fumble of the ball. 'cause I knew when he, if he caught that ball clean, he probably gonna let it ride for three.


Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. And the one he smoked, he smoked dunk that one he like, man I ain't even got, I ain't got it in man. I ain't even got it in me. I ain't even got it in me tonight. But I, I I thought, I thought look, you can, we can sit here and say yeah, they missed too many free throws. Yes. They turned the ball over but somebody forced those turnover. Yeah. Now to miss free throws. That ain't, that ain't that. You just missed. That's it. Lack of concentration. And you can't miss six free throws in the first half. You can't because now you're trying to stretch the lead. But those turnovers, the, some of 'em, I mean Luca drib the ball off the back of half the back of his foot.


Rudy go bear snatch it. Rudy, Rudy go bear, turn the ball out your hand Luca. Really? Hey he wearing them down. Can't him down. Huh? You want 'em? And three, You know, from you picking up from game one, picking up that energy and effort from making it work on both ends of the floor. At some point, this is the plan is to wear him down to where he make those mental type of mistakes and You know, it, it helps the Timberwolves Lakers. And that's kind of what's been happening that well that's, that's, that's, that's how you have to do it. I mean you got a guy like Lucas, he's immensely confident. Yeah. He sees a couple go in now he's gonna start, he's gonna like, okay, okay, okay, I got it. But, and the, and the thing is with him, if you watch him, he could miss three or four or threes.


Yeah. And then he'll go on the hot stretch and he'll make four or four. The shot that he had on Julius Randall, he had no shot. He had no business making that man. I don't know. I don't even know why, first of all, I don't even know why he took it. Listen, it was let as long make it, it was some elite shot making. I'm talking about tonight. I'm talking about them dudes was making some tough shots, bro. This is why we watched, man. The, the, the game was, it was definitely fun to watch tonight. Them dudes competing at a super high level, which is why we starting to deal with a lot of these injuries in this post-season too, by the way. Yeah. Guys are playing hard man. And you having these freak freak accidents man, You know, one little, one little injury could, could, You know, derail some teams play off hoax, You know what I mean?


You, you, you're right. And I I think the thing is is that got, first of all the Lakers are really challenged defensively because you got a 41-year-old guy that was an all NBA player, but he can't move like he once could. Yeah. Luca and ar they're not good defensive players. So you got three guys really that are not defend. First of all, when you put those guys out there, Ru is not known as a defender. That's not what he's good at. Dorian Finny Smith is okay. I wouldn't say he's an elite defender, but I think he's an okay. He's adequate. So you got a bunch of guys, you got a bunch of guys that don't defend at a high level and they can't protect one another. Right. So now I don't got no li when I put LeBron at the five.


Yeah he back line defense or Ru or Ru playing the five whomever. Four or five doesn't matter. Yeah because when, because when ain man come through there, it's old lady, old lady. He come do that. No you ain't finna put me on your card, I ain on your card. Have your poster because don't nobody buy poster no more. They got cards they got and so you up in the house ain man signing, signing over the top of my, I can't believe looking and Joe what that man all the way he was thinking about Luca out here tripping. Hey and I tried fool. You know in the playoff Joe you do things you don't normally do. Right. Yeah. Hey O Joe. You know what I'm saying? You go over the building like damn that's really high, but I got to give it the effort. No on film.


Hey O Joe. You know, You know you gonna get blowed up like damn. Woo. Hey, how far you back? How far you back now? Okay Joe. I'm looking like dang. Oh yeah, okay. Nah. Oh not me. Hey look, I would've been already on that block over there before he even went baseline just to let him know don't even come this way because I'm cutting you out. He let that man come baseline view. I knew he was over with. Oh yeah. Hey I gotta catch you Ocho. Hey you jump. Yeah, I'm gonna catch it run the other way with you. You ain't gonna jump. You duck it on me. I'm gonna run the other way with you. Hey, what you do?


You not finna put me on? You not finna put me on no poster Don? Nobody want that smoke when they young boy comes. Nah, hell nah. I ain't Finn get, I'm not, I'm not finna, I'm not finna be on your highlight. I'm I'm not gonna do it. I'm not, I'm not. Yeah. Game four is Sunday probably. Nah, it's not, it's gonna be, it is probably gonna be the late game. Probably gonna be late game. What time, what time? What time do they play? Ash? Ash gonna look up the, the time they pro What, what you thinking Joe? You think they gonna be what? The the, the third game it gonna be Prime time they playing in middle? I don't think, I don't think they gonna be prime time because ooh, it's gonna be the second game game.


The game the three 30 game. It's, it's, it's not, well I guess five 30 would be considered Prime but it's, it is, it's gonna be a, it's gonna be muscle. The the league. It's probably a BC game. Yeah, yeah, because you got Aunt Man and Luca. Yeah, because ain't nobody, ain't nobody else got stars like that. You got a man, you got Luca, you got bro. Yeah. Ain't nobody else got three superstars playing like that. Yeah. Not Boston, not, not Indy, Milwaukee not the Knicks and, and, and, and, and Detroit. So nobody has what they have. Okay, so New York, Detroit is the 10:00 AM game. Lakers, Minnesota 1230. When you got Boston, Orlando, huh?


10:00 AM No, 10:00 AM Which means is 1 1 1. It's one East coast. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay. As You're looking at, okay. As you're looking at it at specific time, but no, it's one o'clock and it's the three 30 game and then you got the, the seven and then you got the six 30 game. So it's gonna be, we gonna, they gonna bounce back. I like IAII I'm not overly concerned. I'm not overly concerned. I love, I love I I love the confidence. I love the confidence. I, I love the confidence that you have in and your Lakers. I like it. Yeah, We, we, we have, we gonna have a very interesting, a very different conversation on Sunday night. Joe. Mark my worry.


Hey they got, they need to win game four. We gonna win. Ain't need you either one. Oh, okay, okay. Yeah. Hey, hey go. Hey now, hey now You know you saw, you saw just a sample of what Goat James is capable of. You just saw a sample. Yeah, I know what he can do. Okay, hold on, Hold on, hold on. Matter of fact, matter of fact, how confident are you? Well yeah, matter of fact we getting my money because you Think you gonna have my money in Green Bay? Hold on, hold on, Hold on, hold on, hold on. Scale of one to 10, scale of one to 10, how confident are you in the Lakers winning game? Winning, winning game four Sunday, 8.5, eight point on a scale of one to 10, 8.5. If it ain't air join.


Cool. That don't because it's air. Hey you better look at some of them probiotics you was talking about. You better send some of them to get him right. You gonna need it. Yeah. Lu you gonna tell you better pro? No, excuse me. Before we get to the rest of these NBA games, we gotta start, gotta to talk about what happened. Not only yesterday, last night OOU and I were at Lambeau Field for the first round of round. Yes sir. But today, rounds two and three has passed and Shado Sanders hasn't been selected or a hundred and two picks, five quarterbacks selected. Cam Cam Ward went number one. Overall, no surprise there.


We knew that once they had, he had his workout, they scan, they canceled all other official visits that told me everything I needed to know. Boom. Now Jackson Dart, Tyler Shook, Jaylen Mill, Monroe, Dylan, Gabriel. Now for, for, for for context, I wanna provide context. Oh joke because that's what we like to do here. Yeah, Daniel, Jeremiah had Shadu the second ranked quarterback four days ago. Cam Ward was the eight overall best player. Shadur was the 20th best overall player. Jackson Dark, the 36th overall best player. Tyler Shook 75th overall best player. Jalen Miro 86th, Dylan, Gabriel 1 48.


Mel Kuper Jr. The guru just four days ago had Shadur ranked over Cam Ward. He has Shadur as the fifth best player. Cam Ward is the sixth best player. Jackson Dart at the 20th. Eighth the best player. Tyler Shook 46 Pro Football Focus had him second behind Cam Ward just yesterday morning. But we saw today Cam Ward. Cam Ward went first. The Giants traded back into the first round or show to take Jackson Dart the 25th. Tyler Shook with 40 to the Saints and we thought there Shaul could possibly be nine.


Go nine to the Saints there. Nope, they take Tyler Shook Jalen Mill Monroe 92nd overall to the Seattle Seahawks and Dylan Gabriel 94th to the Browns. Now we were there talking about, well, Shado arm, You know, you outside in Cleveland and then you got ci. Nah, nah, not, not, not, not not, don't start that shit. Nope. No, I'm of contact. Gimme a second. I'm gonna tell, gimme a second. Ocho Baltimore outside Pittsburgh, outside Cincinnati, Cleveland. I don't see what Dylan Gabriel arm is any stronger than Shado is. I could be wrong. I could be, I could be, but I, I don't know. And I know I'm gonna turn it over to you Ocho, because I, I know Joe got questions.


I'm gonna turn it over to you. I'm gonna say this before I do OCHO and all my years that I go back to like really following the draft and understanding where players are going, getting drafted back in 87 in almost 40 years, I've never seen anything like this. Yeah, I've never seen nothing like this myself. Obviously I know I only played a short time, but I've been around long enough to know obviously the year that the 11, 12 years I did play and all the time I've been re I've been retired and enjoying the game and, and watching it from afar and understanding how player, how good players are, regardless of what scouts may say, the eye in the sky doesn't lie. I watched the door play from high school to college and Jackson State to Woody was able to do at Colorado.


I want everybody to understand that you're never bigger than the program. You'll never be bigger than the program no matter who you are. And they will show you, they will always remind you at any given time. If at any point you Think you are bigger than the program. And that is all we seeing, that's all we seeing right now. Joe, UNC that is all we are seeing right now. Regardless to who you are. There's some things I think Prime might've said. I don't want to quote it, but he was he where he said it similar to, There's some places I don't want to go. We are not going go Bingo. What Archie Manning said when it came to Eli. Same thing. No different.


Anyway, I got something today I I really wanna read Chad, I want you to listen to me real quick. I'm not here to, to store up. I'm happy for everybody that got drafted. I want you to listen to something that was sent that was sent to me on Instagram. Chad, y'all stay with me real quick and just listen to me very, very closely on what we are witnessing once again is the machinery of a system that is never quite known. What to do with a free black man much less than a free black family. The NFL with all his pageantry and power find itself uncomfortable, even threatened with the likes of the Sanders family. Walk into a room not asking for a seat at the table, but daring to bring their own, their own Dionne Shado.


This family has refused to shrink to fit the confines laid out for them. And so the machine does, what it has always done is seek to diminish, to distort, to remind them and us that there are still a place for black folk. It is not at the head of the table, but in tragedy, you see it's not in their refusals to bow, but is in the nation's fear of black excellence. Unchained the fear that has always been the real danger, not the power of our stride, but the shadow we cast when we stand upright, unafraid and unapologetically ourselves.


Yeah, I was talking, I was talking to my sister, she said, well you thank your door. I said, Libby, I'm gonna be honest with you. If you don't go in the second round, I think he might slide out of the third Uncle. It's hall the game. It's, it's, it's all a game. I look o you your draft. It's a game. Your draft, your draft story. My brother's draft story was a lot different than mine. My brother didn't have to wait long. Yes sir. First round, seventh pick. Boom. We gone on a plane. On a plane to Green Bay. Boom. You second round. Hey hold with with with red flags. With with with with, with character issues.


School to school bouncing over and over. Why'd he go here? Why'd he go here? Bad still second round. We taking a chance on him? Me? There ain't no no off the field issues with Shaul. Nope. No issues. No nothing. Oh, he's arrogant. Good. Great. Always cocky. I have, I have a question. Yes. What was Johnny Ma, what was Johnny Manzell Cock Oh, give you one better. What was Baker Mayfield? What what Was Baker Mayfield? What was Baker Mayfield? Okay, now, now, now what I will say when it comes to college and you watch film that motherfucker, oh, I'm sorry. Yeah. Johnny Manzell and Baker Mayfield Boy, they played what? They were absolutely Awesome. Yes. But again, you can't take away what Shado was able to do at a Denver Colorado team that won one game.


They come back the next year with Shado win four, win four, five. I'm not sure what they four this past season five and then The next year, I think they went nine. Yeah, I heard You, you can't What did I hear Ocho I heard someone says that his confidence doesn't match his game. So in other words, he does a lot of talking and his game is not indicative of the type of bravado. What, Hey, okay Ocho. So yeah, question is, do y'all even think he'll get drafted at this point? I mean, what we do, we threw three rounds already. Ooh, Lord have mercy Joe. I mean that's what, Hey look, that's what I started to thinking about. I'm like, hold on, how these, I'm only watching, I'm trying to see two get drafted.


I was like, hold on. You know, I'm hoping, I'm hoping, I'm hoping he goes in the fourth round because here's the ocho. Yeah. And joke. Okay, lemme ask you this. Teams that needed a quarterback, what did they do? They took a quarterback in the second or a third round. Yeah. Well, if you already took a quarterback in the second or third round, what's the likelihood you taking a quarterback in the fourth, fifth, sixth, or seventh round?


Right. Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments. And shipping is always free With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, listen To the forties and free agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


So now, now, now you, now you tell, now you're telling me the people that you did pick in the second or third round, you feel they're better than the Shado. So at what point does they come on a team as I'm, I'm not even gonna mention anything about free agency. What if they prove a point in making wait till the seven? It's possible. O Joe, I mean, What, what, what, what, what point are they trying to prove? Especially at this point, Joe, I've never seen, I've never ever seen anything like this. You know, I haven't, I haven't. I'm not talking about, I'm not talking about black and white. I'm, I ain't talking about none of that. I'm talking about based on what I've seen on film with my own eyes. Right? Based on where He was rank Compared to other quarterbacks. Compared to other quarterbacks outside of Cam Ward. What are we looking at? Right? Yeah.


I'm not a scout, I'm not a gm, but I do have conversations and I do understand and know the game. I for you not telling me everybody that had drafted before him is, what are we talking about again? I'm happy for everybody that got drafted. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm just saying we're not, I'm just trying, we, We're not trying to diminish anybody. We're trying diminish, we're trying to make sense of what we're seeing with SHA do. Because I think the thing is, what, once Ocho if there was an injury that we didn't know about, we saw Will, will Howard, the cornerback out of what you call him, he had a propensity when they gave him the scan, they say he has a high risk for knee injury. So he slid down. Okay. If there's a red flag that we don't know about.


But I, I don't, the guy got great, he was on the, I think the honor room. I think he had a great GPA, he's never been in trouble. The, the, the, the, the numbers speak for themselves. So for me to see a guy rated this high with no issues, that's what's puzzling. I, like I said, don't, Joe, you and I don't know, excuse me, what those 32 teams and how they view him. Right. You know, they say beauty is in the odd of beholder. You think that's good? I I don't think that bad. You write light red. I like black. You like this. I like that. So, I don't know OI don't know, based on the rankings of all these people that get paid to do this, and it's their opinion, it's subjective, but nobody, I don't think anybody really has Sha door.


Pat Cam Ward, like Mel Kiper has Sha Door one. Yeah. As far as quarterback, most everybody had him two behind Cam Ward. But to see this precipitous fall, this precipitous dropped. And guys, I mean, some guys had Dylan Gabriel, when he had it ranked the 148 best player Mill wrote the 86th best, best player. Tyler shook 75th Shado almost never got past 20th. Best player in the draft. He was 20th on some people's board. He was the fifth best player on some people's board. And he's, he's a day three possible.


Well that, well that's, it is day three. So you get one, two, and then you go, You know, round four through seven. Yeah. Listen, I, I've, I've never seen, I've never seen collusion like this before, ever. I've ne I I'm, I've never seen it. And, and, and You know what it is? Let's call a spade a spade for those that are watching, for those that are in the chat, I'm not saying there's anything wrong with those that were drafted before him. I'm just saying based on my knowledge of the game and understanding of football and what I've watched throughout the years, especially from that specific position. Now the only thing I can say, the only red flag for them, it's his approach to the game and his confidence. I'm, I'm assuming that they don't like that. But how do you not want a player to feel the way he feels?


How do you not wanna a player that believes in himself and his skillset and what he's done and worked his ass off to get to? That could be the only thing, but that, that can't be a bad thing. 'cause there've been other players that has come, that have come before him, that approached the same game with that same demeanor and same attitude and belief similar to him. So to me it really makes no sense. But again, nothing, and they will always time and time remind us in certain instances that you will never be bigger than the machine or the program. And that's all this is, that's all it comes down to. And it could be a, it could be a good thing for him too, You know what I mean? If he do get an opportunity, You know, he carry that chip on his shoulder, man. You know what I mean? Oh yeah.


For all the doubt and naysayers, the people who didn't believe in him, teams who continue to pass up on him, You know what I mean? You use that fire and desire when you touch the field, bro. You know, you let him know what's up. So, I don't know, it could be a blessing in disguise Tom Brady, but see people that, when Tom Brady went the, he went the sixth round, but Tom Brady wasn't as rated as high as Chador. Right. Tom Brady was a backup basically his whole career except the last six, seven games of his senior season. Right, right. So that's the difference. And like I said, Tom Brady turned out to be what Tom Brady turned out to be. I had a very similar story to UR because people were like, well, if he was that good, why didn't he go to a D one school? Right. Well, with my grades, I couldn't, I couldn't, I I couldn't have got into juco.


Only place I could get into because there was no, there was no, You know, you didn't have to have the same standardized testing grade to get into a, a, a division two school as you did a division one. Because my year old show, 1986, it would have it. That was the first year of Prop 48. So you had to make 700. Remember I told you my credit score by four. Yeah. That was also my SAT score by four. Now they give you a hundred to put your name on the thing. I don't know. I might have got that wrong. What I'm saying, Jo Joe, I might have left the er, I might've left the ER for my own name. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Joe. Joe. Hey, don't hold me to that. Now don't hold me. I, I'm laughing with you because I was a prop four eight when I went to college too. I didn't have my A score and, You know, it was challenging, bro.


You know, I i, we a t off, we ain't take the SAT, we took the actt and You know, back then Ocho You know, I played a game that, I played a game that Friday night. And then I, my sister, my, yeah, my sister drive me to Georgia Southern to take that test is band. They not them. And I'm looking at all them students, they writing. I'm just sitting there like, I don't know nothing on here. Listen, they, You know, it's like, listen, I ain't even, I ain't even got no business laughing. I, I don't even have no business laughing. Because you gotta understand, I had my, I had my red flags and my character issues going to the league because of my reason for bouncing around from school to school. You gotta understand, I graduated from beach. I, hell, I ain't even graduated from goddamn high school long time.


My grades are so bad. Listen, Joe, Joe, don't laugh Joe. I sw for God, listen, we family got, we talking, haven't even Family. My dream, my dream was I wanted to go to FMU, so I'm coming outta high school. I told my grandma, I said, mama, I wanna go down to Fam U right there in Tallahassee. My grandma say, listen baby, it ain't looking good for you. It's not looking good for you. I'm gonna give you options on where you might be able to go. But it definitely ain't gonna be fam UI ended up la I ended up at Langston University. NIA school. Obviously I'm, I'm sure we have some people in the chat from, from Oklahoma, ended up at LX University, get there the first semester I get thrown out for fighting. Oh, I get thrown out for, I get, I get thrown out for fighting, man.


I never forget. Rest is soul. Dr. Ernest Holloway, rest in peace. Shit. Me back to Miami, I come to my grandma. I told my grandma what happened. Look, You know, my roommate, I think my roommate stole my pal Myel grand money. My grandma say, listen baby, I've done all I can with you. I washed my hands. I gotta senior you, I gotta senior you to your mama out there in la Let me see what she could do with you. That's how I ended up at, that's how I ended up at Santa Monica College, 1997 with Steve Smith. Boom, that's two years down. So I played with Steve that first year. Lo and behold, here I go again. I not going to class. I'm thinking, You know, I'm a skillset. It's gonna get me through the dough, man. And people don't play that. They don't play that out there in Santa Monica. Oh no.


Hey Joe, I'm in, I'm ineligible the third year, so I gotta sit out the third year. So that's three years down. I'm at Southwest doing classes. I'm at West LA doing classes and I'm doing classes at Santa Monica just to get my grades together so I can play in 1999, that's four years. I go out there, I get my stuff together. I have one for one scholarship. I had two schools offer me a full ride, one for one San Diego State, Aztecs and coach Dennis Erickson, he was at Oregon State. Man, I, Hey Joe, I squeezed through the crack. I got, I got to Oregon State, man. All I needed, Joe, I just needed to be on the big stage just to show them folks I could play football.


That's it. Yeah. But once I, once I gotta to Oregon State, man, I played, I was there four months. I ain't go to nan class. I ain't go to no classes. You know what was, Yeah, this, this, this is my last shot. My singular focus was straight football. Unc Hey Joe. I showed out at Oregon State. That little one, that little four months I had. Yeah man, I got drafted in the second round despite all my issues with all my troubles, all my off the field stuff, Man, What? I ain't looked bad since They asked me. They say, well Shannon, or your grades, what, what, what the rest of 'em. I say, these ain't looking you good. And the ones that coming tomorrow ain't gonna look much better. So I dunno what y'all YI dunno what y'all hoping for, but that's all I got for you.


Hey, this it, Hey listen, my freshman, hey look, my freshman year in college, Ojo a I proud 48. So I couldn't play the first semester. Yeah, right. As a freshman, I can go to the games. I gotta sit in the stands. I gotta watch the dude, I gotta watch my homies grind out there. You know what I mean? I can't compete. I'm like, so it built up a fire in me. So when I did get eligible, I just took it out on everybody in the SEC bro. You know what I mean? So yeah, sometimes, sometimes when things get delayed a little bit, You know, you can, you can must up some fire to continue Or you can must up some fire when you get out there. You can let him know what's up. You know what I mean? Yeah. And so for sure, that's why when it goes back to ura, man, You know, when, wherever he goes, bro, I'm sure he'll be happy.


And hopefully he wore that chip man. He let him know what's up. You know, put, put, get back in that, get back in that lab. You, you, you are absolutely right. And, and And, and and the funny thing about it too, huh? Wherever Sador come, wherever he goes, IIII love the saying, it is not where you get drafted. It's what you do once you get there. Absolutely. And I understand the competitor. I understand the competitor that he is. And wherever he goes, wherever and wherever he goes, if it's, if it's a team that doesn't have one of the elite superstar quarterbacks, his competitive nature's gonna kick in. And there's the chance that he can beat those quarterbacks out despite whatever odds or collusion they have against dad.


When he gets a chance, he can go show 'em. I I I, I know that just the competitive in him, he not going, he, he not going, not gonna hold his head. You are not gonna let it down. He just wants that opportunity. And once they open that door and he closed it behind him after playing the after, after they playing the game, they played, he past two days. Man, child, please, man. Yeah. From had, like I said, Ocho, I went through something very similar and I just remember having a conversation with my brother who came in there that night when I didn't go in the first three rounds. And I say, man span. Yeah. I say Spank, I went to the East, west Shrine game, I went to the Blue Gray, I went to the, I went to the combine.


I said, man, them guys that they drafted ain't better than me. I say, they not better than me. Spank. I say, I saw em, I see all of them. I say, I went to the East, west Shrine game and I was the best receiver there. I said, I, I say, I, I, I said, all I want is an opportunity. Give me a gimme a helmet and some shoulder pad. And hey, whoever comes, hey, I'm gonna throw all y'all ass in the water. Whoever sw back the shore, that's who get it. Yeah. I like that. That's it. I like, hold on. And, and what about the reports? What, what about the reports? Now this has happened. Multiple players have done this. He didn't throw at the combine. Yeah, but he, but he threw, but he threw at his pro date. At the Pro Day. Yeah.


There been a lot of guys that don't throw that doesn't happen because I wanna throw the, I wanna throw the guys that's familiar with me. I'm familiar with them, right. Timing because it's not timing. They gonna bring a, you're not gonna bring a guy in on a Sunday and he hadn't thrown to those guys. So I want, I I, You know, hey, I wanna see, I, I know how my guys run routes. I, they know how I throw the ball. Boom. It's a perfect marriage. 'cause I want everybody to look good. And possibly Ocho, there might be some guys, if I don't throw on my pro day, if I don't throw right, guess what? Right? The scouts are not gonna come to see them. 'cause everybody's not gonna be a first or second round pick. Might be some guys get picked up as a free agent. So I want to cast shot, cast them in good light. Yeah.


I, I, I just look it is tough and nothing when you're going through something Yeah. People like, you gonna be all right. Hey, at this point, at that point in time, Ocho, you ain't really trying to hear that because you can't see, all I can see was what's in front of me. Right. Because I, it takes, it takes a special type of a person to see beyond their circumstances. All I can see is right here. No, not where I wish to be, not where I'm going to be because that's why, right. A lot of people make decisions based on where they are currently, not where they wish to be.


It's tough. It's tough. And, and I heard what you said and You know, and like I said, I heard people say, well, I mean he, he extremely confident, but his game doesn't match the confidence Coach Prime. Well, look, and, and, and I, I, I don't know if anybody that's selected now was even in the NFL or selected or in a position when Prime was there. So I don't know how, I wouldn't, You know, guys, I, I don't, I don't wanna make this team's going, oh, Joe, you and I played this game. We, we've covered this game and we've been around this game a long time. Yeah. These teams gonna do what the hell they wanna do. Now they done told every time, y'all, y'all ain't gonna make a have, have a this guy quarterback or how this guy or a coach, we going to do what the help we wanna do.


Right? They're gonna select who they wanna select who they, and they believe that, hey, we believe the guy. And, and they'll tell you, we believe Dylan Brooks is better than Shado. We believe Jackson Dart, we believe shook, we believe Melroe. We believe their upside is better than she door. Hmm. How do we, how do we prove that it's not, I mean, dill, Dylan, Gabriel did throw for, had like 150. I mean, he got what, 16, 17,000 yards? He got 130, 140 plus touchdown. I, I don't, I don't know, but I'm just saying it's, I just, I I I don't know what I, Chad, I'm at a lost.


I normally wouldn't be able to have give you a good, give you a good excuse or a good reason. I don't like to use the word excuse. I would like to give you a reason why I think a person or a player sled, I have some intel red flags, even though I wouldn't tell you exactly, but I would, You know, hint around and then I let you deduce it for yourself. Oh, y'all don't got nothing. I don't got nothing. It's not about grave. He doesn't have a preexisting condition. He doesn't have, oh, the character issue that he has. He's extremely confident. He believes in himself, which is, I think the, one of the most important things you can have as an athlete is confidence, A belief in you. Because if you don't believe in you, who the hell else will?


Joe? Nobody. Yeah. You always gotta believe in yourself, man. Utmost. I don't know all those, all those days when I was training alone, wasn't nobody there, no coaches saw it, no other players. I did this. Nobody, nobody, I believed in me. I believed that I was preparing for something greater, even though the circumstances that I was in currently. Look, and I mean, it should tell you something. Yes, his dad gave him great opportunity, great coaches. He, he, You know, he was with braiding, he had a throwing coach, whatever the case may be. Isn't that what parents supposed to do? Put their kids in the best situation so they can succeed. So why would I, if I had the opportunity to put my kids in a situation that I think will enhance them or help them succeed, nah, I'm not gonna do that.


I want you to get it out the mud like I did. What kind of sense does that make? None at all, man. So, but Listen, listen, you, if you, you don't need 2020 vision and those in the chat, even if you don't like your door, those in the chat, even if you don't like prime, if you have common sense and, and you've been watching and, and seeing what's going on, You know what it is at that, at this point, You know exactly what it is. I mean, it doesn't need to be said. Even if you feel the players that have gotten drafted before, if you feel the players that have gotten drafted before shado that at the quarterback position, even if you feel they're better, even if you do, you still know what it is. And I if, if you don't, you're just being purposely, you purposely being naive based on a personal vendetta that you might have against, You know, the san his family.


This is never, ever, ever, ever, ever been done. No. Ever been done. I've never seen it. And people saying, and people saying he's not good and he can't play at the next level. Like, like stop man, stop. You know, quarterback is one of the hardest positions to find, which is why some teams haven't had success in eons, but all of a sudden he come on now On should do even got Frank called by someone pretending to be from an NFL team and said, have to wait a little longer. Man, whoever did this man, y'all, y'all, y'all some clowns, bro outta pocket. Man. I don't even know why you, I don't even know why you would do that. I don't, I mean, at that, at that moment, guys on edge and you're just hoping that you get a call.


I mean that's, I mean that's the call you really hoping that you get. Obviously you wanna get it as early as you possibly can, but just, and then somebody playing on the phone. Really. Guys, come on man. I, I, Sean Pay says he's very surprised. Sha door hasn't been drafted yet. There'll be this chip on his shoulder. There'll be this chip on the shoulder and beware because this guy is gonna play in this league. Yeah. Shado is in good spirits after not get it drafted in day two. God don't make mistakes. I got faith in God no matter what. Yeah. Damn. Check this out. That's crazy. Ship was Justin Herbert's backup.


He's eight days older than Trevor. Lawrence was a freshman at Oregon with bold, bold. He turns 26 when the season starts and he's had three seasons that ended in injury. So now you're talking about what y'all remember I saying, does he have a injury history? Does he have red flags that we don't know about? Right? Here's a guy that's about to be 26 had seasons in three different occasions, right. With an injury. All that's right. All I'm saying y'all chat, take and do with that. Whatever you like. I think it's right.


I think it, we have to, Ocho and I, when we talk sports, when we talk, we have to give you context. This is okay, this guy went here because I'm trying to explain, well Shannon, maybe he has a precon preexisting condition. Maybe he's a, there's a character issue off the field. Maybe he has some kind of a problem. We don't know. But we know one guy is about to be 26. I don't know about you Ocho, but when I got drafted I was 22. Shoot, I don't, I don't even know how old I was. I was 22. I turned, I, as a matter of fact, I got drafted in April. I was 21 when I got drafted. I turned 22 in June. Mm. This guy's about to turn 26 mm.


It's, there's nothing, there's nothing we can do. We can just talk about it. No. And then hope Shado makes the best of it. Joe, lemme ask you this. I'm good. What do you think, what's the equivalent of something like this happening in the NBA? Do You know a player that was rated extremely high and not only did he fall outta the supposed to be a lottery pick, maybe a top five lottery pick, slid all the way outta the first round, slid all the way out of the second round. 'cause they only have two rounds in the NBA and ended up having to become a, A-A-A-N-B-A free agent. The one person I can really remember is probably Rashad Lewis, him sitting in the green room. 'cause You know, they, yeah. To the draft and I think he was probably the last one in the green room, and I think he thought he was going lottery and I think he ended up going in the second round.


Okay. Yeah, that's, that's tough bro. Like, I couldn't imagine that. Like it's already anxiety, You know, from being in there. They told me I was gonna be a top 10 pick Uncle Ocho. So I was invited to, I was invited to the green room. I'm sitting in there. Look, even though, You know, people, people done made promises and all that. But I'm like, man, you never know, bro. You never, right. Yeah. You know what I mean? So, but it was definitely a surreal feeling, You know, getting drafted, getting, getting a chance to shake Da David Stern's hand. Just a memorable moment for me. And man, I remember it like it was yesterday, bro. But yeah, outside of Rashad, I don't really know nobody who's kind of got left back there like that. But it's gotta be a tough feeling, You know what I mean?


And look, yeah, Rashad had a great career from that, bro. He, he probably still wears that chip on his shoulders to this day. You're prob you're probably right. Yeah. When you look at, I mean, Thurman Thomas Thurman, Thurman Thurman Thomas ended up falling asleep. He thought he was gonna be a first round pick. He goes in the second round, Thurman's in the Hall of Fame. He won the, he won the MVP and I think 91. So Yeah. But a precipitous fall like this, I can't recall it. Never, Ever. The Volume


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've Told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


AM Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty, the story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions. Today, the Warriors Dynasty remains a alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that Mount Westmore Come revisit this magical Warrior's ride. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.