
Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who doesn it? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to affect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now and enjoy.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot Edu.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video all the way for the touchdown. This week it's a Halloween treat as the Houston Texans take on the New York Jets. What a catch coverage begins with TNF tonight. Not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Texans in the Jets Thursday only on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, You feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch. No one can stop you. For more, check out Bose dot com


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must-haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Leco, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by Volume Hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


The Volume,


TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to draft King Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new draft. King customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the DraftKings Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us. After you watch the Pittsburgh Steelers, take down the New York Football Giants by the score of 26 to 18. Run their record to six and two and standalone on top of the A LC North. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon. Sharpe. He is Liberty City's own bingo ring of Fame honoree, the pro bowler, the all pro, the legendary Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him Osho ocho. Yeah, please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button guys and make sure you subscribe to the Nightcap Podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you. Thank you all subscribers. Thank you Future subscribers for helping us get to where we've gotten thus far.


Make sure you check out my Shaa by la Porter. The wait is over guys. We're introducing a Shaa BSOP collective edition, the second bottle in a series of nine. If you have the first bottle, you'll one step closer to completing the collection. This is your chance to own bottle number two. The link is, is in the video description. Don't miss out. This is a limited edition of 25,000 bottle release. Please don't miss out. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 that produced the shirt that I'm currently wearing. I newest it release is one of the shirts that I'm currently wearing. I was hell when I was. Well, I lie for you before I lie to you.


Black, black Nightcap hoodies and by popular demand. Stay with me now. Hoodies and of course our bestsellers. The Unin OCHO tees quantities are limited. Make sure you grab yours while supplies last. To show our appreciation. We're giving you an additional 15% off use code Halloween 15. The link is pinned at the chat. And if you stick around, we have a very special giveaway later in the show. Ocho, let's get right into it. The Steelers beat the Giants 26 18. Benny Bishop Jr. Sealed the game with a game ending interception. He had two last week against the Jets. He had another one tonight. And it was a huge win against the Giants because they moved to six and two and are comfortable atop the AFC.


North. Considering the Ravens loss yesterday, the Cincinnati Bengals are in a tailspin and the Cleveland finally got won a game, but there've been hovering around. Bad to worst. Yeah. As you can see, our graphics ocho, we got graphics now, bro, check that out. Lemme see where we At. Can you see it on the board? Nah, nah, nah. Where's at? Where's that? Lemme see. Lemme see. Lemme see. You got 8 26, 6 18. The final, you got pass yards 2 59 to 2 37. Rush yards. 1 67 to 1 57 touchdowns. One with an asterisk because they threw one touchdown and the other touchdown came via punt return. 426 total yards for the Steelers.


3 94 for the Giants. I thought the Giants played well, they ran the football. I thought Daniel Jones was throwing the ball well, but somehow that injury bug late in the ball game. Well, I mean, excuse me, that turnover bug, right? Rears its head and it bites him at the most inopportune of times because I thought up until that point, he was 24, 35. 2 2 64. Tracy ran the ball extremely well. 20 carriers a buck 45. They had 25 rushes, 157 yards in a touchdown. Darius Slaton, four catchers for a bucko, eight neighbors, seven for 71. So they were moving the ball. And I would like to see if they could have done something, but he got a little pressure, floated the ball over the running back's head.


Yeah. And it ended the interception. Great job by Benny Bishop Jr. To seal that with an INT. But he's gotta get over that hump. That's the only thing that's really, you know, it's hard to say what a player a quarterback can or couldn't be when he's known to turn the football over because he puts his teams in harm's way. Ocho and all turnovers aren't created equal. Equal. Yeah. That late in the ball game, you're doomed. Listen, you turn the ball over in the first quarter, you got a chance to overcome it. But not at that point. Yeah. Listen, you talk about turning the ball ball over. It, it, it, it interrupts the team, you know? And you do turn him, turn the ball over.


That's what gets your coach fired. Yep. Hey, I don't even know if, if Brian, the ball is on the hot seat, but the way Dan Jones playing, you know who gonna take who, who gonna take the issue for that? Yeah, he is. Everybody Finna get fired. Everybody's finna get fired. Before I even talk about the game in general, I just wanna salute the Steelers. I wanna suit the Steelers. I wanna salute Mike Tomlin on, on having to make a tough decision. And Russell Wilson having Mike Tomlin's back on that decision, he did, he made and keeping his promise and keeping his word. When he named the starter for the NFL season, it was Russell Wilson. Obviously the injuries happened before the season started. Justin Fields came in and played phenomenal. Obviously. They, they started three and oh, then went to four and two, then Russell Wilson took the hamleys.


One of the, the last two games. Tonight's game was really good. It started off really good, especially the run game. But not, not the first. It, it started very, very, very good. But it was the snooze fest. I, I'm gonna just be honest with you. Yeah. The game of the game was a snooze fest. The first quarter was a snooze fest. Second quarter was a snooze fest. And somewhere at the middle of the third to the end of the game, all of a sudden it gets excited. He's completing, he's, he's completing passes to Jeffers. He's completing passes to, to God. George Pickens Austin. Pickens Austin. Yeah. Austin. And, and Pickens then penalties. Penalties hurt, hurt the Steelers early in the game. I, the score, the score could have been much further away from this. If you take some of the penalties away, that takes some of the, I think it's one, one or two touchdowns, if I'm not mistaken.


George Pickers, if you get both feet down, that's another touchdown. Hell, I thought 2, 2, 1 foot was, was two Feet. Wait, equal two, right? Yeah. But, But yeah. I thought he hopped hopped, I guess. But that's what I thought. Don't you? I honestly did. Oh, you did? For real. I did. Yeah. That's Two feet. Yeah, I know, I know. When he doubled up on the right, I knew they wasn't gonna count it though. I knew they wasn't gonna count it. But that tonight's game tonight. Tonight's game was really good. I'm really hap I'm really happy. And I can say this is a Bengal and I, I I have no problem. I thought the, the Steelers, I thought they would struggle when the season started because the quarterback, not really controversy, but 'cause the quarterback carousel, they obviously, they started three and oh, like, oh shit.


Based on what I saw from Justin Fields last year, I didn't know what Justin Fields we would get because he was up and down when he was, was Chicago. He comes out and plays phenomenal. Yes. Then the quarterback change is made. I'm like, oh, what Russell Wilson are we gonna get? Are we gonna get Seattle Seahawks? Russell Wilson are gonna get the, the last year Denver, Russell Wilson, dude, he's playing really good. He's playing really, really good football and man salute, salute to the city of hell. Salute the goddamn TJ fucking watt. Right. Don Hi Smith. Yeah. Benny Bishop. Joey put man, them, them boys playing some ball. Man. Man, look, I'm not worried about Watt, why wa Watts gonna go to the Hall of Fame. That's gonna, his next, his gonna in the hall of Fame that he's had that good a career.


You look at Player of the Year, a defensive player of the year. He could have had another one of those awards. I think he finished second one year to Aaron Donald. He's routinely in double digit and sacks. I now, I'm talking about, I'm not talking about 11 to 12. I'm talking 1517. He tied Michael Strahan's record of 22 and a Half Sacks in a season. If anybody can break that record, I think it's gonna be him. He's extremely, he's six foot tall. He's great with the, he's great. He's tremendous with his hands. He's great with the lockout, the press. Oh man. He, he has no weakness when it comes to rushing the passer. And he's stout against the run. He can set the edge, which means he keeps his outside shoulder free.


You're not getting the edge on him. Yep. You're not getting the edge on him. So don't even run over there. You better run up inside because he's a hell of a, he's a hell of a guy at setting the edge. And when you play that, when you play that defense, and most of the time ocho in a three four defense, you want big, strong physical linebackers because most of the time they're matched up against tackles. Yeah. And you know, that's Who they're matched up against. Right. You know, so when you go back and look at it, you look at that defense, bill Belichick, he had lt, he had Carl Banks. You look at him, he had Willie McGinnis. Yeah, he had Abel, he had Van Oy, he had K Nvi. That's what you have to have Guy 6 4 2 45 2 52 60.


Right. That set the edge and can anchor down because you can't let him run the football. Bill Belichick said it, we stop the run, we make you one dimensional. Same thing with the Steelers. One dimensional. You look at Porter, you look at all those, Jason Gilder, all those guys that they had set the edge extremely well. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, giant, the giant Giants. Giants rookie. Tracy's a rookie ain't he? I think so. Yeah. Ja Giants rookie had had some, had had a good day on, on, on the ground running the ball. Oh, he ran, he ran extremely well. Yeah. Yeah. He ran the ball really well. But that, that goddamn TJ Watt man, every, every game he plays, every game he's played. You just ran off some of his accolades and he's going to be a hall of famer.


Yeah. But at the, at the defensive end, he has a multitude of moves as he has a mo he can bull rush you. He can speak a spin move. He could, he could attack you on the upfield shoulder. He could attack you on the, on the inside the end. Oh, dog. He just could do everything. So I'm, I'm watching the game. Normally I watch the wide receivers. I'm watching the wide receivers and the dvs go at it. But just watching TJ Watt play, they the play where he got the strip sack, right? Yeah. He got the strip sack and recovered the fumble. Yeah. And my first thought is, I know the back has to go out, but even so, he couldn't chip. He couldn't chip and he left the right tackle out there. He left the right tackle out there on his own. No. All, I don't know why. Why would, why would you do that? Yeah. You asking for trouble. Especially in that, that, that scenario.


You asking for trouble. He's not a guy that you better have. You better have a a, a a. What's the guy? T Dub. You better have a Trent Williams. Yeah. Or you have better have the right tackle at at Philly. Yeah. The right tackle name in Philly from Oklahoma. Leon. Wait, not Leon, What's his name? Damn. Why is it slipping my mind? I know He's really, he's really good. Yeah. Wayne Johnson. Wayne Johnson. Wayne Johnson. You better have Elaine Johnson. He's Really good because you got some ar arbitrary tackle mean the guy. Oh, okay. He's the start and right tackle. Nah, don't play around with it. Don't, don't mean nothing. He ain't to be messed with.


He demands more of your respect than that. And he's the guy offensively, when we go in on Wednesday, he circle Yes. He's a guy. We, we, he's a guy we've gotta account for because if we don't account for him, he's gonna wreck our offense. Yep. Those guys, you circle them, the Reggie, Wes, the Lawrence Taylors, the Derek Thomas', those were the guys that, the Bruce Smiths, those were the guys that we had circled. Right. That if you, if you didn't block him, you, you, you couldn't win. Thera Lewis is at the middle linebacker. Oh, Dion, don't, don't worry about him. Hey guys, you gonna get some great cardio today. We ain't empty with him. Right. I just thought, hey, hey, you getting cardio in? You won't have to run on Monday because you gonna get a lot of running today, but we ain't throwing you the ball.


Yeah. But that's how good, that's how good TJ Watt is. His brother was the same way. JJ had a motor. They got motors. They're Midwestern kids. Hardworking. They grew up, I mean, to have two brothers that dominate like they can. Yeah. That's crazy. Listen, you know how hard it is to have siblings that are both good at a sport. Yeah. Yeah. You know how hard it is. Normally there's a dropoff in talent and skills. Yes. Yes. The fact that they, were they there? Not very many. Tiki Barber, Santana, Sonora Moss. tj tj, TJ Watt, JJ Watt, Knix Bosa, Joey Bosa. I mean, how, how many of 'em, Hey And Eli, you got Riki?


Yeah, me and my brother Clay and Bruce Matthews, they've been, they've been some brothers. Yeah. Yeah. But boy, these jokers here. I mean, you had Walter and Eddie Peyton. Yeah. You know, they, there've been some brothers, man, but hey, these two, these two hell raisers here, man, a different d They different. I don't, Justin James, jj, I don't know what TJ's first name, but I he maybe he James too, but them some, a them, them corn fan wheat harvested white, white, white from, from Wisconsin. From Wisconsin, right. Wisconsin. Yeah. Okay. Trent, Jordan Watt and Justin James Watt.


Ooh Boy. Them watt parents. I think they got another brother too that was a fullback at, at at, at the Chargers. Real. Yeah. Wait, it's three of them. There's three of them. I don't know if he's still in the league. Ocho, but if I'm not mistaken, yeah, there. Yeah. Is that him? He was drafted by the charge. Yeah. Damn. But them two, but them two older ones. Yeah. Yeah. Because I think it, I think it's JJ and TJ and then Derek the younger. Right. Because I think there was a picture one time where all them was on the field together one time. But boy, crazy. Can you, can you imagine?


I, I think it'd been very interesting to see how good JJ could have been, had those injuries not crept up on him. Right. Because he had a stretch that was as good of any stretch. He had like a five year stretch ocho Yeah. That was good. As any defensive player in the history of the game. Now the only player that I can think that had a stretch that would, that would top that was lt. Yeah. Yeah. LT was a player. LT won Super Bowls in that stretch. LT was a, a player of the year, a defensive player of the year. If I'm not mistaken, LT was like a nine time or 10 time first team all pro, but jj Oh yeah, oh yeah, yeah, yeah.


LT was that, LT was defensive Rookie of the year and defensive player of the year in the same year. And at that time, they didn't count Sacks as an official stat. Right. The sack didn't have become an official stat until 1982. Okay. It was Deacon that coined the phrase sack and the quarterback. Right. Deacon Jones. And I used to see Deke all the time at the, at the Super Bowl. And I was like, his name is David Jones. He's, I said, I said Deke that, I said, what's your real name? He said, David, I said, well, why you change your name? He said, David, don't sell no damn tickets, deacon sell tickets. Right. That's a good one. But D man, it was, it was great to be around those old guys, but, but hey, TJ Watt, he was, he he's been phenomenal.


I'm not just gonna say he was phenomenal tonight. He's been phenomenal day one. So I, I'm glad, I'm glad I get an opportunity to witness Sarge brother play. I thought his brother was gonna be a hell. I talked to Wade Phillips and everybody was surprised that they took him that high. Yeah. And they talking about he's gonna be a bust. And Ray Wade said, yeah, you right. He's gonna be a bust. He gonna have it in Canton though. That's the bus he's going have. Right, Right, right, right. And I think he retired last year. So this year, last year. So he got the, he on the clock four years. He on the clock. He'll be in Camden.


Are you ready to have your baking loving? Mind blown? Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed, you can get a full night's sleep. Hell, you could wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar, Meyer bacon, and then drive to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer Fit, cut bacon now and enjoy. You won't be disappointed.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Wafa Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is underway and it's bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all the club soccer has a whole new format. And this year the Champions League has given us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. Next up, we got Real Madrid hosting Milan on Tuesday, November 5th, and then enter versus Arsenal on Wednesday, November 6th. If champions playing champions and here in the States, it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Catch it all on Paramount plus the home of the Uafa Champions League. Stream every match and try it free@paramountplus.com slash live sports.


The 2024 presidential election is here. M-S-N-B-C has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. All reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow and our Decision 2024 team will provide insight as results come in. And the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday, November 5th, beginning at 6:00 PM Eastern on M-S-N-B-C.


President Trump. Why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black and then I read that she Was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president, who has consistently attempted to use Race to divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris For President


this fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59 point 99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59.99 per month for three months, then 82 point 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


OOA quarterback change could be coming at Indianapolis. Oh, and Coach Shane Steichen was noncommittal on Monday, asked whether or not Anthony Richardson would remain the team starting quarterback against Minnesota in week nine. Ask more specifically if Richardson is quar. Is coach quarterback right now? Steen replied today He is, yes. But would not say if that would be the case moving forward. We're evaluating everything, not just the quarterback, everything. We all gotta be better. There's a whole bunch of areas that we can improve on. I'm not just talking about the quarterback, I'm talking about everything. We've gotta be better moving forward Ocho Like shit like that, man, I hate, I hate stuff like that.


Especially in, you know, in, in the middle of the season. You know, be direct with your comments. I know you the head coach. I know you don't want to let things out, you know, to the reporters. You know, whether you gonna start 'em or not, you know, whether you gonna start 'em or not. Why you even play that game? Why even play that game now? You bench you bench your quarterback because he's maybe struggling a little bit. You know, if if you, if you watch the game, I'm not sure if the people, obviously the people at home only get to see the TV copies. But you know, if you, you like for you seeing the 22, the 22 fan, oh, 22. It it, it is different. You know, he, he, he need, he needs to work. There's some stuff he needs to work on.


Yes. There's some, there's some stuff he needs to work on. He's not playing well for that team to be as good as they should be with what he has around him. He's, he's not. Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm just gonna be, I'm just gonna be honest. So he's Not ocho Yeah. A change, a change might come when they go to Flacco, but I'm not sure how that helps him because the only way for for Anthony Richardson to get better is to be at the helm in making those mistakes and growing from them and learning from 'em. But see if I'm saying Putting f flaco and does what exactly. Keep my job. That's what it does. You see, you just said quarterback get head coach gets fired.


Well they do because listen, there's another one on the, on the hot seat down there in Jacksonville now. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. Yeah, yeah. Ab Ab absolutely. Doug, Doug Peterson is absolutely on the hot seat with Trevor Lawrence. Yeah, absolutely. And But the part that, but the part that scares me though, unc, when you do something like this for a quarterback that, that's, that that's that young and you bench him, I don't want him to start doubting himself. I don't want him to start doubting himself. And then what happens, he also becomes gun shy and the things that makes him special, the things that make Anthony Richens richeson special, then he'll stop doing it because he doesn't want it to happen again. Right. Then he becomes, he become, he becomes hesitant.


He starts to become indecisive and it also mess with your psyche and you're confident. But damn, I got bench. Oh shit, now I gotta come back. When I do come back, I gotta do everything perfect. I can't make no mistakes. And when you can't play freely that, that's, that's not good. I think the thing is Ocho, he does a great job of throwing the deep ball. It's the touch, it's the timing throws that he struggles with. Yeah. He doesn't have the touch currently. I'm not saying that can't everything Have to be this, Everything. He's throwing it through the eye of a hurricane. I'm like, damn bro, Hold no hold on time by he throw it through a what? He tried to throw everything through the i a hurricane.


I'm like, bro, That's a good one. I ain't heard that, Bro. He right there. Right. You know, you can't throw a shallow cross like you throw a like an dude to six yards from you. Yeah. That's why they have the saying, you know, quarter, they love quarterbacks. They have a catchable ball. Yes, Yes. Catchable Ball, E everything doesn't have to be thrown with the same velocity. You know, there are times if you look at Mahomes, when he threw that one to Kelsey, he knows the guy coming down to Robin. I gotta get it there in a hurry by wing. But now I throw the shallow cross, I know, hey, I gotta give, I gotta give a, well he, it wasn't a shallow cross, it was almost like a, a Q nine sprint option route to Xavier worthy.


I gotta give him a catchable ball, put it out in front of him so he can turn and get the ball into the end zone. That's a part of it is the most important thing is giving the guy to run with it after he catches it. Because a lot of times, Ocho, you throw me the ball and I gotta go down to catch it. What could have been yards after the catch. Now I got a seven yard game and it could have been a 15 yard game. Right. But that's what the really great quarterbacks understand. I just think, look, he's extremely young. I'm not so sure how many years, what did he start? Maybe one year in college? Yeah. If, if that And so there's a lot of, there's a lot of maturity that needs to take place in order for him to be the quarterback that they want him to be and the quarterback that he hopes to become.


Right. But Oh my bad, What happened yesterday, Ocho Oh yeah. That won't help his situation now. No, not, not at all. Not at all. And again, with that situation as well, I wish he would've told the truth about what the real issue was and on why he went out. I guarantee you, I'm not sure at what point I probably the the storyline is out already. And he said he was tired. Ain't no way in hell. That was the reason why you asked him to come out. I guarantee you unc I swer for God. Something was wrong with that left ankle. I'm telling you something was wrong with that left ankle. Well he better go with that one. I, I went with that one The way he got tackled and dude pinned him just a little bit, pinned him just a little bit. I'm sure he might have aggravated it.


He went out and wanna say, oh, I was tired. You listen, you're not playing receiver, you're not playing running back. You're not doing enough running like that. Even if you do have to scramble, you're not doing enough running like that to be tired in that situation or in that moment for that matter. I Ain't say I ain't, I ain't gonna disagree with you. I I ain't gonna say you, you, you not wrong when you're right. But go with that because it's a bad look to say you were tired. Yeah. Because do you know how also does he understand how tied the linemen are? How tied the tight end is? How tied the backs are. We're actually running The Receivers. I'm talking about multiple times you scramble, the receivers are scrambling 30 and 40 yards, two, three plays back to back to back.


Right. And a lot of times we're not allowed to come out because we are afraid to come out OCHO because like, hell, if Rod come out, rod tired, I'm tired, ed tired, so not damn. We got our three starters out and we got three backups in. Somebody gotta stay two or three starters. Gotta stay on the field. Right. And plus I want the ball. Hey Ocho, I see Ed and I see Ed and Rod tapping out. I might start, oh no, I go, go ahead. Come on John. Go throw it to me now because I know we got two guys coming in. I know he fitting trust them guys coming in there. Lemme go get this pass right quick. Right, right, right. But I think that's the thing though, Ocho I I I think you just have to be, you know, careful it's just not a good look.


Yeah, Yeah. To say you got tired of your, your think about them lying Ocho pass block after pass, especially in the two minute or you know, you down, I think some, some, somebody already pulled him aside. He has to be a little bit more media savvy. You got to be a little bit more media savvy and PC and understand how to manipulate the answers on the questions that are being asked. That's all. Again, that's a part of the growing the, that's a part of the maturity and the growing pains as well in being in in the in in the NFL. He'll, he'll get it though. He'll get it though. I just, I just don't wanna see Mr. Tiken and I don't wanna see him venture. I don't wanna see him venture because I think that could, that could do more harm than good for him. The only way he's going to get better is being on the field, making those mistakes, realizing what those mistakes are when you watch film and then when you go out the next time you try to, you try to do your best to eliminate those mistakes until you get 'em perfect.


You'll never get it perfect but you can strive for it. And the better you are as a player, the better your team is gonna be. Shane Stacker is worried about losing a team also Ocho remember when we was son, you too young to be tired. You know how you say you was tired ocho you in your early twenties? What did coach tell you? Say you too young to be tired. They bring up your age. They bring up your age. Yeah.


Ocho, before we go into our next segment, the farmer dogs makes and delivers fresh, healthy dog food. Food right to your door, developed by vets, made from fresh real meat and veggies. Food is pre-portioned based on your unique nutritional needs. Get 50% off your first box of fresh, healthy food at the farmer's dog.com/ Nightcap. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to farmer's dog.com/ Nightcap to get 50% off.


Teddy Bear. Where you on? Come here. Gimme Teddy. Teddy bear. Come on Teddy Bear. What up Twin Teddy bear. You supposed to be in the bed. Why you not in the bed? Why aren't you in the bed? Say hello. Say hello Ojo. You wanna go stay in Tampa? Said nah. He said they ain't got no, they ain't got no treats. Daddy. I know they ain't got no treats. They don't feed me table food so I ain't gonna be able to cut it. Hey, let, let me, let me let, I can use it. I can use his, use him as a gif right now too.


Said he ain't no bargaining chip. Hey, hey boy. The do just help the boy out now. Mike McCarthy cited Trayvon d confronting a television reporter after last night. Lost an example of the team frustration with this three and four record. We have to be better in those moments. I always talk about staying on the high road. That's a part of our responsibility in this business. But I'm not ignorant or naive to the fact this generation that's part of the world. They live in the social media world. You have to manage that. That's part of being a professional athlete and that's part of representing this organization properly. Diggs addressed the situation with teammate Michael Parson on Parsons podcast today.


I just felt like it was unnecessary. I just felt like he was trying to use my name for clicks and after the game I just happened to see it. Oh, I ain't gonna lie. Lemme finish what he's saying. I just happened to see it. I clicked on it then I seen who it was. I was like, oh, he's right here. I just saw you. I went up to him and just spoke how I felt. Me if I was playing not ocho I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna even look, I ain't gonna even look at social media until I get on the bus. Right? Oh, damn. Near to the plane because I don't wanna have the cha because look, I I get it when you lose this stuff, when you win, but if the guy praised him, would he have confronted the guy and say, Hey man, I appreciate the words of encouragement man.


That's great. No, not not at all. But what, you know what I don't like for on the media, media side, especially for me report everything is magnified. Everything is magnified when you lose him. So to me, in no disrespect, huh? You know, 'cause I know how you feel about it. And I did say he was loafing on the play. Yeah. But as defender, when you have two defenders that are in a better position to make the play than you, sometimes you slow down because you expect them to make that play. You can't assume that. Yeah, You right. You can't assume that you can. You, you, you gotta be running all the way through. But what I don't like is the fact that when you are losing some of the smallest stuff, I call it nitpicking. I call it nitpicking. You know when, when you're losing as a team, there's certain things you can get away you can get away with and there's certain things you can't when you losing and that's one of 'em.


So now they gonna find anything, anything they can to say. But see this is one of the reasons why we lose right there. Trayvon Diggs not running, But he not lying. Think about how bad your defense, your defense is. Dead lag is stop and run. So what does that mean? Running is what effort. Right? That's effort. That's all we ask is effort. I can't look here. I can put you in a great situation, but if you don't gimme the effort, it's all for Naugh. So let's just say for the sake of argument on that play, he was loafing the next play somebody else was loafing, right? The next play somebody else was loafing. Now you get how you're dead last at stopping the run. Now you see why you're dead last. Now you see why you are not attacking the quarterback because everybody pick all it takes is one.


Yeah. So you know what, that's okay. Trayvon, next time it's somebody else. Okay bro, that's okay. So now we give 65 plays with somebody lo on one, then what happens? Ocho, You got 65, you Three and four four, yeah. You give up 200 yards, you're giving up 200 plus yards a game. Right? Rush d that that's, that's what people don't understand. See? You think it's just, it's just a one off, right? Right. But what if it, what if one player did that on every play, regardless. Offense or defense? Just one play. Just one player out of 11. That's why it says a team. That's why it takes every man, I'm counting on every man, not just the man right next to me, but the man on the other side that he's doing what he was supposed to.


So lemme ask you a question. When his teammates cut that film on and they see that what you think they thinking Ojo? Yeah. Yeah. Hey listen, can you imagine being on the, on the, on the Cowboys defense and they turn on the film and have to watch film. I don't know if they walk collectively as a group or they watch it by position. But boy listen, the way people running down your throat. That's what I'm talking boy. A Man, Boy I hated to lose a game and I know Yeah, we gonna watch that film. We gonna watch that film on on Monday. Yeah. I mean on Wednesday when hey they say hey we gonna watch the, we gonna watch the tape as a god.


Ight. Oh wait as a team. Everybody in there. Oh, the entire offense, wide receivers, running backs, quarterbacks tied end. We all, Lord, Hey bro, you mess up everybody Ojo. You see I'm flying down the, I can't get up. Now Hey there a certain man Ocho is that, that's why you make sure you put out great film. Yeah. Because not only is your team watching it, that goes to other 31 teams too, Too.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Listen, there, there's a certain level of uncomfortability, even though it's a sport that you played to go out there Sunday and lose and have bad plays. Let's say you run 65 plays outta those 65. You got, you might have four. That's embarrassing. Yes. We embarrassing. And if you have to watch it as a a collectively as an offense and you know people gonna see that and you know they gonna point it out. Yes. Oh, they go, oh, they gonna point it out Now when we did it in position, position meetings and we watched film. Okay. There was a certain level of comfort. There's a c certain level of comfort. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's Just us. I'm, you know, I'm good. But boy, that full team, oh man, what?


Oh, And you know you man look here, man. At one time we were playing a preseason game and I held a guy, it was a play. It was a toss away. Yeah. And I'm supposed to cut off. It was like the safe there had dropped down in the box. Right. And I grabbed it, I grabbed him from behind. Mike said, you know what? You couldn't cut him off. 'cause he came, he came shot down too, too fast. He, He came down and cut across. I knew it. I knew it. Yeah. Mike said don't hold it. He said if he catch TD from the backside, I get a need, I need to get a new back. Okay. But if you get a penalty now you gonna take away a big run. Okay. But that was a, Hey look here man. Them meetings people, y'all don't understand you.


We already knew there are some times you had to have armadillo skin. Skin. Oh Yeah. You had to have a shell to go up in that thing because hey Mike, Alex Gibb now sometimes cool. Was a little bit more subtle about it. He's like 84. You better than that. I know. We expect you to make that play. Alice Gibb ain't give a damn the offensive line coach all them muscles. 84. What the hell you lift the weight for my hey. Yeah, That ain't good. Yeah. My, my favorite. That ain't good. Yeah. My, my favorite, my favorite as far as chastising by a coach where everybody, even nobody special.


When I went to New England, when I went through, when I went to New England, saw Bill Belichick, chew Brady ass out in front of the, the entirety. Yeah. The offense, the entirety of the team. The team on why they lost to the Jets and whatever playoffs that was that he, the Divisional round the year before the round And he came back and purposely had tape and film on the reason on why they lost. And he pointed out all of Brady's bad plays. I was like, you've got to be kidding me. I I gotta be getting punked. I gotta be getting punked Bill. What the fuck is this shit? How do we expect to compete if you're playing, you're making mistakes like this.


I'm what the, huh? Oh, he talking to 12 like that. I looked, I looked, I looked over at Vince, I looked over at Vince Wilfork, I never forget and my eyes. And I'm like, is he serious? Just venture did just like this. No, his head boy, it's d it is a different ball game. So I got a better understanding. Okay? This is why these motherfuckers win year. Absolutely. Year out, year in and year out. They has 20 years worth of success. Hey, that's why Mike wouldn't do John like that. Right? They would have a meeting, John would go to his office. Mm. John was like, okay. He jumped in my ass. I'm gonna jump in. I'm, I cover for you. I'm about to jump in your ass.


That that's how it was. A we hey, we were accountable. Oh yeah, yeah. Hey, I hey via 80, 87 because obviously, you know, and people ask why you call. That's what we, that's how we refer to guys. We refer to guys as the numbers. Eighty, eighty seven thirty. Even though we call td, we call TD Jew, most of us went by number seven. We held everybody accountable. Right? It doesn't matter what your resume said, that ain't what it said on that place. Right? I ain't talking about we can't take the Pro Bowls and the All pros and all that other stuff you got, we couldn't take that away. But on that play, that was some bullies. Right? And that'll get us beat. Diggs also made an interesting comment when talking about the reason for the loss against the 49 ERs.


I feel like it was their coach. They had a great, they have great, they had great coaching. They adjusted to the things we were running. I felt like every time they call it was just a counter to what we were in. It was just like SOL, they got good players, they got the right plea pieces so they were executed. Wow. Yeah. At some point in time. Now I remember Chris, Richard, he wasn't no good, right? What's the guy named from Tampa? What was the guy name? He was the head coach of the Detroit Lions Rod.


Rod Marelli. He didn't get it done right. Mike Nolan, he didn't get it done. At what point in time? And that was the problem that I had. Right? At what point in time do players accept responsibility? So lemme guess that's what, that's what them, he coach you to do that on that play, right? He say, Hey, the guy breaks down the sideline. I want you to hear the jog because maybe somebody else would make the play. That's what he could, that's what he coaching. Fit. Responsibility. What's your gap? Integrity. You supposed to be in the A gap. Have your ass in the A gap, right? If the guy goes into B that ain't got nothing to do with me. I'm A B or C ain't got is to do with Shane.


I I don't man. Why won't people, why won't people accept responsibility? Right? Is it, is it really that hard to be accountable? I'm wrong. You know what? I was wrong man. I gotta play better. I it's okay. What, what Trayvon needs to understand is that Trayvon you, one of the better corners in the league, you should demand more of yourself. Damn. What they expect of you. You should demand that. You should say, you know what, I wanna be an all pro. I'm trying to make the All-Pro team every year, man. I'm trying to go to camp, right? I don't know what, what, what are you guys playing for?


Y'all wanna have the biggest chain. Y'all wanna have the most cards. Y'all wanna have the most, the most, you know, garden to, I don't know what you're looking for, right? But what you want, you making a, a, a boat ton of money. Don't you want to be like, when it's all said and done, when you go back, like when you go back, how revered you are and sense when I go back to Denver, how they applaud, I don't get it. Yeah man. Yeah. I just don't, I just don't get it, man. And, and listen, you think the reporter, you know, pointed that out. Wait till they play. Wait till they play this weekend.


Wait till they play the weekend after that because everybody gonna be watching everybody tune in because now remember you got the star on your helmet. Yeah. Everybody's watching the team with the star on the helmet. LeBron James only has seven points. He's, he's had over, he's gone almost. He's gone 1200 plus games, right? Scoring at least double figures. He's three and a half. He's three minutes or 49 seconds. He needs three points. Could this be the time? I don't know if somebody will ever break that record. He's two or 13, one or four. He has seven points, eight assists, and five rebounds. So we on alert record breaking alert.


Not in a good way. Sean Payton on the panther saying he tried to run the score. It's in the NFL playback. Did he hear what I said? I could have swore I told you that yesterday. Ocho You know what? Hey, you know he, you know them coaches, them coaches hit on man, everybody listen man. They might not watch it laugh like this, but I guarantee you it. Get it. Get to him now it get to him.


Are you ready to have your bacon loving? Mind blown. Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoke for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed, you can get a full night's sleep. Hell, you could wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar, Meyer bacon, and then dried to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smoked them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy you won't be disappointed.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Wafa Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is underway and it's bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer has a whole new format. And this year the Chambers League has given us us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. Next up, we got Real Madrid hosting Milan on Tuesday, November 5th and then enter versus Arsenal on Wednesday, November 6th. If champions playing champions and here in the States, it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Catch it all on Paramount plus the home of the UA for Champions League. Stream every match and try it free@paramountplus.com slash live sports.


The 2024 presidential election is here. M-S-N-B-C has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. All reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow and our Decision 2024 team will provide insight as results come in. And the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday, November 5th, beginning at 6:00 PM Eastern on M-S-N-B-C.


President Trump. Why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president who has consistently attempted to use race to divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris for President


this fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59.9 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu Plus live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 point 99 per month for three months, then 82 point 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


John Peyton on the Panthers saying he tried to run the score. It's the NFL play better with the Broncos ahead by 21 points in the fourth quarter against the Panthers. Peyton called a fake field goal and had the wide receiver court in Sutland threw a pass to the fullback, Michael Burton to convert a fourth down. Those play calls upset members of the Panthers. And JC Horne was caught on camera saying the Broncos were trying to run the score up. Yep. That's what we do. That's what offense supposed to do, right? Peyton said he looked at as trying to win a football game and trying to learn to close out a game and suggested the Panthers play better if they liked to stop the Broncos from doing such. Oh, we're trying to finish the game the right way. We're not trying to run the score on anyone, it's the National Football League. I've been in games with a 28 point lead in the quarter and so we're trying to finish.


You gotta be alert for everything. You gotta play football. It's a football game. You don't stop playing and don't stop being alert for any and everything until the goddamn clock hit hit zero in the fourth quarter. I'm coaching a game, not the scoreboard. And I think I brought it up to you before about coaches having a pact. There's a certain pact that I thought they had, but there's a certain amount of respect where you don't run the score up. And, and, and I mentioned that you was like, hell no, but I remember sometimes where a coach ran the score up or, or threw a pass or scored a touchdown when they shouldn't have, when they should've took a knee and instead of shaking hands, they got the arguing at midfield after the game. Yes. I said, oh yeah, Okay, well, well maybe there is a certain pack that coaches live by and it's, it's a sign of respect not to run the score up.


That ain't it. We running it up. Look, I'm running my offense right? I'm not Finn I'm not just finna with 10 minutes to go in the game and we're up 21, we're up 28 points. I'm not just finna run the ball into the line of scrimmage break Three, three straight downs. I'm gonna call my offense. Right? You call your defense. I wanna know this. How did we get this 21 point lead? Well, we running the score then because we started at zero zero. What's, what's your responsibility? And to keep me from running up the team. Right? Hey JC, were you on that defense that helped them get that, let them get that 21 point lead A a young bull nice with it too.


I hate the fact. No disrespect. I hate the fact that he's on the Panthers. 'cause if you was on any other team, I think team, you would be able to see how good JC Horne really is. Really is. I don't like the fact that he's over there. He's so Technical. Oh, yo, everybody can't be on great teams. Damn. I I, I know what you mean, dog. He's, he's so, and, and man to man. He's so technically sound dog so fucking smooth and transitioning hip. But that's, that's, that's, that's beside the point. But hey, Panthers is just, it's just right now, just bad. All, all around, all around. And I know Dave Temple. I know he, I know he got a, he got a short, everybody he got, he got a short lease with everybody.


Boy, he got a short lease with everybody. Yeah. Hey, that's not my job to keep the score down. That's your coach's job to keep the score down. Right? Right. My job is to run it up. Your job is to keep it down. So you want me to coach your team and mine? Hell, I need double paid then. That's a good one. Asad Reddick wasn't a fan of Bill Belichick's criticism. After the Jeff lost to the Patriots on Sunday, Belichick called out the Jets and Reddick specifically on the Pat McAfee show. Just a lot of mistakes by the Jets in that game. Hasson Reddick came in the ja the game and just ran by the quarterback multiple times. Belichick comments prompted Reddick to respond on social media.


Uhoh. Hey, someone can call Bill Belichick and give him a job. Seems like he's at home. He's home bored and can't keep me out of his mouth. Come on for air. Why don't you? No. Did he crying emoji. Well, you did say the players these days a little bit emotional. Yes. They take, they, they don't, they don't take criticism very well. You know, he has missed a lot of playing time. Yes. A lot of practice training camps, mini camps, OTAs, you know, I think he is going to be effective and make a difference on that defense. It's gonna Take a while.


Ocho, we halfway through the damn Season. Yeah. Oh yeah. It's gonna, this is gonna take a minute. You know, once, once some, once he get in that rhythm, get a feel for the game, his body and mind catches up to the speed of the game. He gonna be all right. But it's gonna, it's gonna take a few games to get there. Coach. Yo, what did Coach Belichick say? What was so bad? He just ran up the field and ran by the quarterback. Yeah. Now you might say, coach Belichick ain't a great defensive. It might, might not be a great gm. Look at the people. Look at as, 'cause as Tom, you know, Tom needed more. They gave him less and expected him to do what he had been doing the previous years. Right. But to argue his defensive achman his defensive brilliance.


Yeah. I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't think, I don't, I don't think he would challenge that. You just, you won't win that. You can't challenge that. You won't win that The man has a defensive game plan that's in the Hall of Fame. His game plan against the Buffalo Bills is in the Pro Football Hall of Fame. They beat the greatest show on turf. Yeah. One of the biggest upset in Super Bowl history. Very good game at that. You can say a lot of things about Coach Belichick. His defensive mind should be unquestioned Einstein After an overwhelming social media reaction to Sunday's unveiling of the statue of d Wades outside, what is it?


Kasiah Kasiah Center. The artists behind the statue are standing behind their work. I couldn't do better than that. I don't think anybody else could do better than that. I could Time out. I could with, with a, with a, with a 10 gallon bucket of water and some clay. It's some mud. Hey, I have a question. People in Yeah. People in the chat. I know you've seen it. People in the chat. Have you seen Ed Reed's Hall of Fame bus? Yeah. Do you see how identical your bus looks to you? Yeah. Ed Identical. Ed Reed's bus looks to him. I'm not sure who does the bus for the, for Ken in the Hall of Fame. They have two guys, but I think a guy named Blair Bro Buzz.


Yeah, look it up Blair. He's og I think he's outta Mond, Utah. Maybe he lived, but he did mine. I think he did. I think he did. Ed Re's also people. Yeah. Man, listen, I don't know. That is who, I'm not sure who was in charge of getting D Wade's bus done. And then for the guy who did D Wade's bus to come out and say what he said that a better job couldn't have been done. What he did, when the, the entirety of the world is telling you it looks nothing like the individual and you, you know, it doesn't, unless Ocho, they say that. They say D Wade statue look like Garrett Morris. Hey, you know, another, another thing, this is also, this is also on D Wade too.


Because on Twitter today, I saw pictures of him looking at the process of it being made. So that means he not only saw it wasn't being done right, he approved it. So, but you know what Ocho but you know that moment. You don't wanna make the guy feel bad, but You don't wanna make him Feel, and plus you not paying for it. Right. But come On now, if somebody's doing, let's just say for the sake of argument, someone is doing a portrait of you and Ra you paying for it outta your pocket. You like, how you gonna get me a goatee? I ain't got no goatee. Right. Why you got RA with a Halle Berry cut?


You know what I'm saying? I mean, it's like, right. I'm looking at the picture now I'm looking at it and I saw what you saw because the same thing happened right When they come, like when we get measured for the hall of, for you get the Hall of Fame. Okay, Ocho, we go in that Monday. They have the artists there, right? They're taking measurements, they got this, this, and they're seeing the distance between your eyes. They're seeing if there's any distinguishable characteristics. Right? They give you a boatload of pictures that you can choose from. Because a lot of times, okay, okay, do you like this part? Do you like this photo of yourself? Do you like this photo of yourself? Do you like this one? You like this one? And so that starts the process because now he's gotta bring this clay to life.


Right? Okay. So that was in, that was in February. May they call you up? We like to come out. They gonna spend about three or four hours. They got the clay. They kinda got the rough draft of kind of what it's supposed to look like. Right now. He's don't go do it again. He take the measurement, they got that thing, you know, know, you know this, the width of your mouth. Right? Top of your everything. Now he's doing that with the clay because he's got, okay, he's doing this, he's doing this, he's doing this. Like, what do you think? What can you do? I'm like, what about my, I think it's on this side. What's, I think it's on this side. I got a scar up under my eye.


I was like the scar. Okay. Okay. I'm glad you brought that up. Put a little scar there. I said, what about the part? Oh, got that. So I'm telling him as I'm looking at the photos that I selected that I wanted to be, because a lot of the photos, they try to get the photo ocho in the way that most of your photos are. 'cause you got a, you got one photo, you got a a, a pose that you have more than any of your other photos. Right. So that's the one they try to go with. But at the end of the day, you can select whatever you like. Clearly Ed went with the Frederick Douglas look. Yeah. Yeah. So, and and it's spot on.


Dead on. It's spot on. Dead on. Yes. But yeah, man, I just whew, The guy, the guy, the guy, I mean the fact that the person that did D Wade's bust came out and said what he said and, and didn't issue apology. I understand D Wade didn't want to be. Yeah. He said yeah, He didn't wanna be rude, but come on, come on bro. Come on, come on. That Ain't you. Come on there. You know, at some point you have to tell people, you know what, this isn't right. Because if it's not right and the rest of the world is saying it's not right, even though you're trying to be nice. Yes. Then he will, he will continue to make the same mistakes over and over and over.


Instead of improving on his craft and what he does. I don't know if he gonna get any more work. Yeah. If you ocho the Shade Tree mechanic don't get no work if he mess up somebody's car. Right. That's the whole why. Even even though he cheap. Right. If your car still won't crank after you take it to him, what the hell am I, why am I gonna refer you to somebody else? Right. So if I'm d Wade, I pay somebody to steal it. I can't let y'all see this. Yeah. And I have somebody else to redo it. He have came out better Ocho do it. Like, you know how you go to the basketball game, they have the body and then you, they go, they let the little kids stick their head up in there, put Their head in the middle.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That came out better do it. That that look, look, like I said, I mean G Wade is, I think everybody, we are in agreement that d Wade is very deserving. Well, that doesn't, that doesn't look like him, man. Well, Listen, not only is he very deserving, if you're gonna give someone a statue Yeah. Represent, represent them in the front of anywhere, it has to be on point. It has to be. Right. If you take the jersey off or you take the jury off the statue, nobody would be able to tell you what he played. That was No, Nobody. Damn. I don't know. The way they got it, his face was like Antoine Walker a little bit. I ain't know who the hell it was. Yeah, they, they, they gotta fix it.


And They got to, they really do. I think. I think because of the public, because of the public, I don't, I wouldn't call it backlash, but because of the public disapproval of it, not looking like D Wade somebody, a change is gonna have to be made. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, if not so be it. He might be a Shade Tree sculptor arm or, or, or Ronnie and his artistic partner, Oscar Leon are proud of their work and encourage people to come see it for themselves. Nah, I'm good. What do you mean see it for ourself? We saw it. I saw it. It's everywhere. It's on Instagram. It's on TikTok. It's on Twitter. Yeah, I'm good. I I saw it. I'm gonna take your word for it.


It's on, it's on, it's on book face. It's on everything. Ah, yeah. Hey, with a three with too many left, LeBron James extends his all time double digit scoring streak to 1,226 game in honor of LBJ Goat James, this historic streak I'm going to sign. Look, I'm gonna do something. Somebody gonna win this. Hold On. Did they win though? Ocho? Damn you asking too many questions. I know, I'm saying you talking about the historic streak. But did the Lakers win? Isn't that, isn't that what's more important? We're down by two. We got the ball. Oh, LeBron makes one or two free throws.


He got 11 points. So they got the foul. Don't kd. Yeah, KD and book went off book got 33 kd got 30 damn ad's. Been ad's been phenomenal all year. 29 points. 14 rebounds. Ruy got 20 and 10. Austin Reve, Kobe of the Ozarks has 23 and eight D. Low was 14. LeBron three or 14 from the floor. That's all right. Goat James will Browns back.


So what we gonna do, what we gonna do? We gonna sign, I'm gonna sign this Nightcap hat and as is going to mail it to a random person who makes a perk, a merch using code 15, Halloween 15. So I'm gonna sign this like I always do as you can see, hope y'all can see me signing this. Y'all see that? So the link is paired at the top of the chat. If I'm not mistaken, this might be the first piece of Nightcap merch I've actually signed.


So, nah, Aaron, I ain't gonna stop. He called me on the Ozark. Let the man live. Stall him out, man. So that's it. Sign the hat. Someone's gonna win this Nightcap hat. Order some merch. Halloween 15. You get 15% off and you enter a join to win this hat. Personally signed by me. Dodgers win. They take a dominant three oh lead, they Win again. Four, two Walker Bueller, pitch five score ASC inning.


Bueller has three World Series starts with five plus innings and five fewer base ones allowed each time. A record unmatched the World Series. Freddy Freddy, Freddy Freeman, Freddy Freeman building a two run Homer. He now has three home runs. And as many game everybody will remember that Iconic won the bottom of the tent, two out bases loaded fastball by Cortez. He caught it. He was sitting on it and he took it over the fence. The Dodgers beat the Yankees four to two, take a commanding three. None lead. Now the Yankees have their backs against the wall, right? Can they do what's only been done one time, the Boston Red Sox came from behind in American League championships to win four straight games to win a best of seven series.


Can it be done? I think they're gonna send Garrett Cole to the mound tomorrow. He's the best. Right? And what's, What's the percentage? What's the chances? What's the chances they come back and win this series? What's the chances they even make this series competitive? I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't watch much baseball. They put man on the move. So anything is possible. Okay. But I wouldn't bet die. I wouldn't bet your money that did come back and win, let alone my own. Right. Damn. So what's, whats wrong with the the Dodgers? The Dodgers? The Dodgers got look people like, oh, the YY Eric look, the Dodgers show Tony is about to win this third MVP, right?


Freddy Freeman is an MVP. Mookie bets is an MVP, right? They got three MVPs in their first four batters. Wait a minute. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on. Now the Yankees have Giancarlo Stanton, they have Aaron never won an MVP. They have Juan Soto. They Never won an MVP. They Have Brother Jack Jazz Chisholm Never won an MVP. Do you understand? Do you understand how good Mookie bets is? Oh, absolutely. Mookie bets can be a gold glover. Yeah. At, at, at right field center field, left field shortstop, second base, third base, and first base. Nobody has the versatile, there's not a been a baseball player that has that kind of versatility and be exquisite at it.


Yeah. They have utility infielders that can play second place, play shortstop, but not at the level as Mooky. Best. He's won an MVP. He can steal your base. He has great defensive prowess. Can hit for power, can hit for average. No, no, no, no, no. Right. Show hay. Do you understand what Soha Tani is doing? He the real deal boy. Freddy Freeman is an MVP and he's a, a world se, already a World Series champ. I'm not saying the Yankees aren't good, but when they, the Yankees get runners in scoring position, they're not doing anything.


Yeah. Dodge are putting the ball over the fence. You look at what, what's his name? Escobar, what's the, what's the Escobar home run? Edmund, what is it? The second base one. The the second base one. The shortstop. Yeah. He belting home runs. We know Freddy Freeman can hit it over the the porch. Yeah. Moy can hit it over the porch. We know. Show Hey, sometimes you just run up into it's a team that's just better, right? Just better. It's okay. I mean the, the, the Oscar, The Yankees had a phenomenal, phenomenal regular season. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. But how, if you look at judge, Right? How's their postseason been? Or they just started to play bad because they're facing the Dodgers now.


They playing Ba I mean, look, they, they, they beat the, they beat the guardians. What? Four, two. Who did they play the first they played? Who did they play first? The Orioles, the Royals. They beat the royals. What? Four. One three. One Judge is struggling. He's not seeing the ball. Well, they're, yeah, they're throwing the fastball by judge. And he normally drives at 450 feet Every time. From what I see, I don't watch him every time I it got head and the go goddamn home run.


And they started out the same eye level and then Swinging through It. But I mean, look, it, it, it happens. We saw Arod do the same thing. Arod win MVP after MVP 40 homers 130 ribbies, and they get in the World Series and they move him up and down. They start him off at second. He bat in second. He bat 30 back fourth. They bat him at eight. It doesn. Everybody can't beat Reggie Jackson. Miss Dodge, October. Right? But give the Dodgers credit. Give the Dodgers credit. I should, I should, I should've played baseball, man.


The Volume.


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect that smoky flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area in the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved To have good sound. And to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you Feel good enough to go out there and Play, you turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more, check out Bose dot com


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Leco, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by Volume Hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Paramount Plus is your home for the ua. For Champions League, the best club soccer tournament in the world is underway and it's bigger, better, and bolder than ever. Next up, we got Match Day four, which feeds its All Madrid hosting Milan on Tuesday, November 5th, and then enter versus Arsenal on Wednesday, November 6th. Stream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the UEFA Champions League. You can try it free today@paramountplus.com slash Live Sports


President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black, and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president, who has consistently attempted to use race to Divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those, not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president, and I approve this message paid For by Harris for President.