
Picture what it would be like if Trump wins and implements his project. 2025 Agenda for your auntie, mother or daughter to lose the right to make tough healthcare decisions to save her life for the overtime pay. So many depend on to vanish for police to be shielded from accountability for racial profiling. If Trump's project 2025 agenda goes into play, you will pay the heavy price. To find out. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I, approve this message Paid for by Harris. for President


Are. you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot Edu.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video. This Thursday, one of the NFL's toughest rivalries is on as the Cincinnati Bengals face. The Baltimore Ravens join Al Michaels, Kirk Herbst Streett and Kaylee Hartung for this exciting matchup. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's Best party TNF tonight Live from Baltimore. Not a Prime member. Not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. It's the Bengals in the Ravens at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football, and it's on Prime. Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosion, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear, just like a dream. For more check out bs.com. Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer tournament in the world is underway and it's bigger, better, and bolder than ever. Next up, we got Match day four, which feeds it. Madrid hosting Milan on Tuesday, November 5th, and then enter versus Arsenal on Wednesday, November 6th. Stream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the UEFA Champions League. You can try it free today@paramountplus.com slash live sports The Volume


TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six. whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter Moore at DraftKings Sports. book an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. we want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new drafting. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app, use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five books and get one month free of NFL Plus Premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


O Joe Demar Derozan returns Toronto to Toronto, the city where he developed into an NBA star, but it appeared not everyone is happy to see him back. What happened on the night of Vince Carter Jersey Retirement? The Kings lost to the Raptors. Drake responded to a question about potential DeMar DeRozan banner in the stadium. Drake said he'd pull it down himself if one was ever hung that came to friendship. DeMar DeRozan responded Post game Press. Preco said Drake would've a long way climb to take it down and wishing him good luck. Damn. Hey, why? Why the boys beefing? Huh? DeMar de Rose from Compton.


Yeah. Kendrick Lamar is from Compton on Bloods. He Kendrick Lamar. I think he was in Kendrick Lamar's video wasn't he? In Kendrick Lamar's video. Oh, oh, he was something. Right, Right, right. Oh, so he, oh, I, okay, I understand. And Ro used to play, RO used to play for the Raptors. So yes, Rick was probably, they they were kind of cool or something. Huh? They, they were. Oh, okay. Okay. Now, now I see, I understand the discrepancy. So, so kinda like He was in, he was in the video not like us. Oh, He, oh, he was in that thing like jamming and shit. Okay. Not okay now. Now the content people not made sense. I understand what Drake talking about. So like you, he was on the co You gotta pick a side.


Yeah, I I think, Hey, if I'm not mistaken, didn't, didn't Drake unfollow LeBron? They unfollow LeBron too. I mean, he would all yell everybody, everybody, if you chose sides and you didn't choose him. Right. Oh, so, oh, so, oh, well, basically, oh listen, this could be like a re a revenge tour. Now this could be a revenge tour. So everybody that took shots at me, He went on stage. Yeah. You heard me? Yeah, he, he attended, LeBron attended the Ken Lamar concert in June. Hey, You know what that mean? Now What that Hey, it ain't, it ain't over. It might be, it might be War part two. So everybody that offended me and took sides with my enemy, I'm coming to see you.


You gotta see me. You got to see, you got to see me. I, I'm just saying, I don't know what, I don't know what's transpire, but, oh, that's how you feel. Oh, you finna play me, you play with the Raptors. You know, even though you from Compton and you, you know, you spent time, you know we cool. I had you at my house, you know we been on double dates with chicks and now, you know, Hendrick, we beefing and you pick inside just 'cause y'all from Compton. You coulda just played. Yeah, you played defense. You, I dunno, You played, you gonna play defense because you know, we cool, We not cooler than the guy we grew up in. I grew up in, in in Compton with on Bloods. You Right. You, you, you ride like that. Right. Them guys that you grew up with Liberty City.


Right. Who you ride with? O Oh you, I with my dogs all day. Oh, okay. You know what I mean? Hey, we, we tend to, we 10 toes down, we 10 toes down, you know, one foot front, the other head high, chin high because I gotta see where I'm going. Come on now. Yeah. Yeah. I be, I mean look, IIII, I think, I think Drake is looking at like, damn, damn everybody, everybody done, done, done went against me. Boy. Boys I thought was cool, but I don't know. I don't know how your homeboy from, from the, from the city. Right. He famous. Let's just say Rick Ross your home. But Rick Ross grew up in Liberty City. Yeah. Yeah. He, he grew up in Carroll City right down the street. So he like, Hey Ocho, he beef with somebody and say, Ocho, I want you in this video.


Yeah. You There? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know raw. Yeah. Man, listen man, I, man I, And plus anybody, even if they didn't grow up together, we from, I'm from Glenville. I'm cool with everybody from Glenville. Everybody. No, I ain't cool with everybody. Oh, but look bro, they were 3,500 people when I grew up. We got two traffic lights, bro. Come on. Right, right, right. I grad, my graduating class was 60 people. Damn. I think 60, maybe Not that many. I I I like this though. It's good for basketball, it's good for the, for the, for the culture.


I don't, I don't know, I don't know what's gonna happen. You know, I'm kind of out of the loop. So you having to explain to me is, is is kind of cool. So now I'm excited. So now I know Drake that follows LeBron. I know Drake don't like DeMar DeRozan based on his decisions to be in the video. You know, after, after having a relationship with him and playing with the Raptors. I like this shit. Who else on the hit list? I dunno, dunno Man. I don't follow that close. I think it, it would, I I think somebody I had, I like, I I I was follow. Yeah. I don't, I don't follow that close O Joe. No, I don't. No. Like I said, I think I, I was scrolling past something and Yeah, they said LeBron Drake had unfollow LeBron and, and, and, and I kind of, kind of felt that like Drake probably would feel some type of way.


Right, right. After Kendrick Lamar was on stage, excuse me, after Ro was on stage with K Dot. Right. But Hey, I listen, I I like this. I like this. Y'all, y'all, y'all boys go to war. Keep it, keep it with the pen. Just keep it with the pen and keep it with the trash talk. Nothing outside of that. Make it entertaining, make it fun. I'm all for it. See I love, I love all the boys, man. You know, They, we got, I yeah, I do. I look, I, I, like I said, I, I've met, I've never met Kendra Lamar. I've met Drake once. He was cool with me. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Dapped me up. We was, it was at the Dell concert. I ain't got no, because I don't really know the only like, you know, cube and, and, and, and Snoop, you know, I know them.


I, you know, been around them a lot. Especially 'cause they used to come on the show all the time. Especially El Snoop. Right. Lil Wayne from my days in undisputed just saw him at the game. Got got you. But I don't, I don't really know anybody out outside, out outside of that though. You know, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. So they, I take people where they say they cool. Okay. I I take your word from 'em. 'cause I don't know. And they like lil me being around 'em. Right. Because I don't really probably go to the places that they're gonna be at. Right. So me neither. Me neither. Me neither. So I, I'll take you guys word for it, but I like it. Who you like. I Like it. They I love everybody. Huh? I love everybody. I ain't, I ain't got no problem with nobody, you know, I'm just Yeah, for Sure.


You know, I I I love you. I I love people's artistry. I love people in their respective crafts and their, their and what they do and their, their creativity and vision and whatever it is. And you know, if y'all beefing, go ahead and beef and make it entertaining because I need something to talk about On We. Don't deal with no fighting and no firearms. That's it. Leave Out. Yeah. Yeah. I ain't, I ain't got time to be talking. No, I don't. I don't want none of that. Yeah. They talking about unc, somebody talking about UNC Rich. No, unc well off UNC ain't rich. Yeah. Yeah. Rich. If you, rich, rich, when you get a mega yacht, you go get your mega yacht. Not think twice about it. I don't want, I don't want, I ain't put nothing.


I ain't put nothing on the water. All the only water I'm getting into is the shower. I ain't getting in no tub. Anything that a shark might be in, I ain't getting any. It. I Got you. I got you bitch. Right. Man, you ought to take a cruise. For what? Go where? Go. What? I To be on that water all the time. I can't do no cruise. Huh? I done been in Miami all my life. I went on a cruise one time, one time on a, on a, on a little date. You know, with the, with, with the, with the, I ain't, I ain't gonna say no names, but they gave me the little pill to take. What you call Little Pill. I don't even know the name of it. Little, little tiny little pill Ermine. Yeah. There it is. Like That Ermine. Huh? Do you know I took that pill and they told me, well this will help you, you know, with the, the, the, the, the with Nausea.


Yeah. Man, UNC, I threw up figures. I threw up the whole, goddamn, I spent the whole trip in the cabin. Sick. I ain't been on a boat since. And this was back, this was back in 98. I ain't been on a boat since. I would never cruise, cruise nothing. Absolutely not. Nah. I ain't, no, I ain't no cruise guy. I can get, I can get everything I need to get done right there on land. Yes Sir. Yes sir. You know what I'm saying? Yes sir. All that. Hey, all that motion back and forth. Right. I, I got that right there on land. I got that right on riding right there on land. Right there on land.


Write down. Yeah. You know, back in the, you know your boy what he was was Osho, but you know, You still get it done though. Huh? You see that Ocho you see that? Yeah. You, you like damn, huh? Yeah. I see you be in the gym. See Ocho ain't say like damn. Huh? You be in the gym all the time. That's all you do. Yeah. Yeah. Hell, you know. Yeah. Hey listen, hey, honestly we were about the same size that night in Vegas. I I, I ain't, I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna zip up. I ain't gonna zip up and, and show the people. But I'm, I'm sitting, I'm, I'm sitting, I'm sitting right now. Yeah. You sitting by a book by book 85 1 90? Nah, Nah. I'm about two 10 right now. Nah. Hey listen, it's two 10.


You see I'm in the house, so you know I'm all in. Nah, you ain't on two 10 OCHO Cowboys running back. Ezekiel Elliot will be an actor for Sunday's game due to disciplinary reasons. What exactly did do Zeke do to warrant a benching has not been re revealed. It sounds as if he was told he'd be an active for Sunday's game against the Falcons and that it went downhill from there. He was never, he's never been a healthy scratch at any point in his career. It feels like the end his coming for the Cowboys and Zeke, he has only 48 carries 149 yards, averaging a 3.1 yards per carry, which is a career low.


The Cowboys currently rank last in the NFL in total rushing 519 19 and tied for last in Russian touchdowns with three ocho. What's going on? I don't know what's going on. I don't know what's going on. As bad as the Cowboys are playing, the fact that they are last and, and statistically when it comes to rushing and then you have Ezekiel Elliott inactive, even though They was last with him, nigga be last without him. You Ever heard? So that's what, tell me all the Time. You need cowboy need the cowboy need all hands on deck. All hands on deck. Look, whether he's playing M Smith, m Smith, Emmett Smith, Marshall fault.


Ain't nobody helping him. Mocho, you just told me all the time you could do bad by yourself. Right. I don't need somebody bringing me problems. Right, Right, right. But I'm, I'm just saying, is this a distraction? You think Jerry did this a distract us from something else? Or do you think Ezekiel Elliott really did something wrong to warrant him actually being inactive and leaving his ass at home? Ocho Hey, you know what happened? What happened? They relieved Zeke two years ago. His injury. Huh? The injury and then his pay O You heard me Ocho not only was his knee hurt, but he was making so much and it didn't, it didn't coincide with what he was being paid. So you thought, so you thought he'd be better at $3 million a year?


Nope. I ain't say that. But they think So. What are you saying? Listen, I just wanna know that he's a healthy scratch. Huh? That's all I wanna know. I well, what happened? I Yeah, I know you don't coach. I know. You know, tell me, I, I don't know, but what I'm trying to get you, I'm, I'm trying to see here. Right? You how many times we've seen it, people be married Right. Get divorced Right. And get remarried only to get divorced again. Right. There was a reason why you got divorced to begin With. Right. You know what that's called? unc. Can I tell you what that's called? What's called, That's called insanity. Yes. Doing the same thing over and over and over and expecting different results when you ain't changed shit to begin with.


Insanity. So what made them think Zeke, first of all, I don't if they thought he, I don't think it's, I don't think he is inactive because of a production thing. I think something might have happened might, might have been an argument with a coach. Might have been a disagreement. Hell, he might have had an argument with Jerry. OO Joe. He got 48 Carries Right. For 149 yards averaging 3.1. Zeke yards per carry has come down every year. Right. Since th all world rookie season. So he's done this, this, this, this, this, this. Okay. Now after you release him, he goes to the Patriots.


They don't resign him because they only had a one year deal. Right. You expect this production to do that. I Don't think they expected this production to do that. I think so. What Did they tell me? What you expect? I think they expect him to come in and be well and contribute to the offense not to be the Ezekiel ili. Ezekiel Elliot of old Hold on. What? Hold On. Old. Yeah. He he's an old Ezekiel. Huh? What the other quarter, what are the other running backs doing on the team? Are they doing nothing? Okay. No. So I, I know, I know the reason for him being inactive has nothing to do with on the field. It's something that happened inside the organization. It'll probably ne it'll probably never get out. Yeah. Well they say they for no, it been, I mean they said look, it sounds like he had been told he was going to be inactive.


Oh, Well, who they brought up? They brought somebody up. I guess they gonna bring up a, a cook. Oh, I, I, okay, I see what they doing. I see what they doing. Okay. Okay. Okay. I see what they doing. Okay. So they like cook and They brought cook up last week. Yeah. He only had about six carriages last week though for 11 yards, if I'm not mistaken. Something like that. Yeah. Damn, it's cold in here, man. Shit, Be far outside, had a running back off season most blah, blah, blah.


I just don't, I I, I just, for me, I just don't, I just don't get what people thought they were going to get. Right. With Zeke when you saw his numbers drop every single year. Right. He had turned, he was no longer a quarter horse. He had turned into a plow horse. A what? A ply horse can never be. Aly Horse can never be a quarter horse again. Hey, that's messed up man. I, no, I mean, people know what I'm talking about. I just gotta, I just gotta be honest. Right, right, right, right. I mean that's what we gotta do. Right. Zeke, Zeke had had a fabulous career growing and then, you know, he wanted his money. He just, he, he had, I believe he had earned the right right.


To renegotiate that rookie deal. And from that point on ocho, he was never the same. Right. He was never the same. Now he got his money, he should be financially secure for the rest of his life. Now if he wants to get a job, okay, fine, get a job. But job with the amount of money that he's made living in Texas with no state income tax. Right. Zeke should be straight. He should be straight. Right. How much money Zeke made? About 60 million. 60 million. Let's just say half of that 30 million. Let's just say you spent 15 million.


Right? He should have 15 million. Well, he might not left 15 million. He made 76 million. Mm okay. 76 million. So he's only gonna spend about somewhere between 35 and 39% because there's no state tax in the state of Texas. Right. So let's just say 40% of his money. So 76, so that's seven. So 28 million from 76 is how much? 58? No, 48. That's 48 million. Yeah. 48 million. I'm gonna say for the sake of argument, let's just say he spent 15 of it. Right. He should be sitting on 30. He should be sitting on somewhere between 25 and 30. Right.


I like it. Yeah, man, a man can't live off 30 million a year. Just, just investments. You should 30 million a year. If you just do 7%, that should pay you about, probably about 200,000 a month. Man. Can't live off 200,000 a month. He got a mo he got a much bigger problem. Yeah, Mok definitely, Man. Let stop talk the bad pocket. But I'm just saying. Yeah. Now if he got a habit, oh, it'll be gone quick. But I don't think Zeke got no habit. Got it. I just, but I just, like I said, I I just don't know what people expected.


Oh, we got Zeke back. There's a reason why, there's a reason why the Cowboys cut it. Now I understand that Jerry drafted it. Jerry looks at these guys, a lot of 'em like his kids. Right. But I, I was none of no illusion that Zeke was gonna come back and provide what maybe the Cowboys had hoped or the fans were hoping because I saw none of that. I didn't see. Yeah, he's a, he's a plow horse now. He'll get you a tough, he'll get you a tough one to two yards Ocho. Yeah. But those days of when he got into the league, you remember Ocho used to take it 30 yards for a touchdown? No, take the screen. Eight. Right. I mean, but listen, but, but great understanding after the career and, and what he's done so far in the N-F-L-I-I understood we was coming back to do come to be the bell, be the bell cow, you know, do the dirty work, do do the dirty work, you know, contribute to the offense.


That's all. Keep the drive alive. Third and two, third and three. Get that from me, walk forward. Okay Coach, if, if at some point in time Yeah, you gotta be let out the pastor. Hey, come on. Huh. And at that point time, at That point in time, don't, don't take him out to the pastor. Huh? That's right. You just look around like, yep. Is That time This is, this is my life now. Yeah. Damn it, It happens to us all. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. And you know, when you first get in ocho, Hey man, man, I'm gonna be like a doctor or lawyer. I'm gonna play 20 years. Right. And then you really realize like, nah, hell no, I ain't, yeah.


I ain't taking e licks but Is Setting. Well look, I, I don't know. I look, I don't know, I don't know if he got any kids. I don't know anything. I'm just saying if he, let's just say he's gotten, he makes, he, he, he saved 20 million, 25, $30 million just passive income off that. He getting 150, 200,000 a month. You can't live off that ocho. Yeah. Now if you got a habit, that's, that's something else. And I don't know that he has one, but I'm just saying Yeah, he should be comfortable. Right. That's, that's easy. And he in Dallas, I mean, Zeke Elliot. So, I mean, you can get a job in Dallas. I don't know, you know what he studied in school. Yeah.


He ain't gonna need no job unless he want to though. Yes, for sure. But that, but see that's what I tell people. Why you they're making that money? Don't do do anything crazy. No. Get all that money. There'll be a chance for you to show your ass once you get out the leave and you done got all that money, you done got 50, a hundred, $200 million. Then if you wanna do all that crazy stuff, take off with it. Yeah. Have at it. But nah, don't, don't, don't waste this opportunity.


Picture what it would be like if Trump wins and implements his project 2025 agenda for your auntie, mother or daughter to lose the right to make tough healthcare decisions to save her life for the overtime pay. So many depend on to vanish for police to be shielded from accountability for racial profiling. If Trump's project 2025 agenda goes into play, you will pay the heavy price to find out. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris. for President.


Hello. It is Ryan. And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com and grab your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


The 2024 presidential election is here. M-S-N-B-C has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. All reporters are on the ground. Steve Konecky is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow and our decision 20 20 14 will provide insight as results come in. And the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday, beginning at 6:00 PM Eastern on M-S-N-B-C


This fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59 point 99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu Plus Live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 point 99 per month for three months, then 82 point 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing up ISS easy. Just download the new PayPal app to sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limits apply. See paypal.com/rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spent per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. na pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Adam Shefter tweeted, here's a sentence that hasn't been written or ordered in this century since before. Dan Snyder owned an NFL franchise. players want to wind up in Washington playing for the Commanders. According to Shefter, in recent weeks, there have been players who privately stated or told their agents they wanted to be traded to the commanders Ocho rank the current teams around the league that players don't want to play for. You get Dallas, Las Vegas, Cleveland, Places that I, Well, Carolina, we gotta put Carolina in There. Carolina in there. Listen, I think players will always wanna play for Dallas. I'm, I'm gonna take that out. I'm I'm, I'm gonna take them off that list.


Cleveland probably because the quarterback situation, even with Jam playing the way he played last week, I, I don't think players are wanna go to Cleveland Carolina ob for obvious reasons because right now things aren't going well for them. Which one you gonna put first? So where you going first? First? Not going where I'm not going first? Yes, Let's go Cleveland Over Carolina. I mean, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I forgot, I forgot we put Carolina. Carolina first. Hey, Carolina first and then Cleveland after Cleveland. The Raiders. I mean, having, having the Cowboys in that is, is to me it, it, it's ridiculous because it is still America's team no matter what you want, whether they're winning, whether they're losing, they steal their headlines regardless because of who they are.


So I would never put them in a in, listen, anybody, anybody that knows football in general, if you're a player, you wanna play for the Cowboys, you'd wanna play for the Cowboys. And plus Texas and Las Vegas doesn't have, Nevada doesn't have income. State income tax. Yeah. So, so that order was cool, right? Carolina Cleveland? Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. I I can see that Carolina, Cleveland, it get cold at least in Vegas. You know I got eight games at home, right? Yeah. I indoors no state income tax. I got the strip Jacksonville, we added Jacksonville. Where do you want? Jacksonville. So would you go Carolina, Jacksonville, Cleveland, Vegas, Dallas, last, or would you go Carolina, Cleveland.


Jacksonville, Vegas. You know what, I don't even like, man, listen, if you, if you, You know, Florida ain't got no stadium come tax either. It don't. And when I think about Jacksonville, they got the quarterback. They got the quarterback. I really wouldn't consider a place I wouldn't wanna play because hell, Brian, Tom, Brian, Thomas Jr. Could do it. Are we sure they got the quarterback? Hey, I mean they got a quarterback that's making a lot of money. Are we sure? Hey Brian, Are we sure? Ugh, it's tough. Hey listen, quarterback, Hey listen, players get coaches fired. I think Doug Peterson might be on the hot seat if he doesn't get fired. There's one person who's gonna save a job. That's Trevor Lawrence. Yeah, That's Trevor.


Trevor Lawrence. Hell, Trevor. Matter of fact, Doug Peterson, you need to thank Trevor Lawrence and Brian to JR. Ahead of time. Thank him ahead of time. Because if you don't get fired this season, I guarantee it's be, it's going to be because of the play of those two. Man, I don't know how he keep that job if they don't make the playoffs. I'm gonna just gonna be honest with you. Make Make what? Playoffs? Who playoffs Devil. Okay, I see how keep that job then. And she, I don't see how he keep that job did well, but yeah, I, I agree. I think I go Carolina, man. But Cleveland fan base is so passionate, very, they show up.


That joke has been sucking for like forever and they and them fans, they show up. Hey, that dog crowd, they show up always. Yeah. They be out there tailgating out. I look, you know, we played them, we, you know, we, I went to Cleveland, obviously in Baltimore, they in the same division and they'd be out there. We played them in Denver a couple of times at the old municipal stadium. They be out there ocho. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Now you don't get that kind of support in Jacksonville unless you win it. Yeah. And you still ain't getting the kind of support that they get in Cleveland. Yeah. And you damn sure ain't getting that in Cleveland and you damn sure not getting that in Vegas. Yeah, because lot of the people in Vegas, they, they're like transient. You know, they came here from somewhere. They're not N Raiders fans.


Right. But nah. Yeah. Carolina be last on my list. Dang. I would take, I would say Carolina, Jacksonville, but put Cleveland third because the fan base is passionate and we've seen when Jacksonville losing man, nobody Showing up Seats empty like a boo. Okay. Ocho more info has been released on Joel and Beat's incident. ESPN released at play by play of the trend. What transpired as reporters enter the locker room to talk to players, MB stood and confronted Hayes. The next time you bring up my dead brother and my son again, you're gonna, you're going to see me, what I'm going to do to you, and I'm gonna have to live with the CO and you're gonna have to live with and I'm gonna have to live with the consequences.


Okay? MB said to Hayes, MBI continue with several instances of profanity in the next few sentence, Hayes offered an apology, which MBI did not want. That's not first time MBI said, MBI later said that he doesn't care what reporters say. But do you, but you do. Hayes answered clearly he did, and B appeared to get louder at, at that point. And not long after pushed Hayes on the shoulder while the team public relationship chief got between them. Another PR person moved Tyree Macey's interview to the hallway outside the locker room trying to clear reporters. At the same time a team security person was asked to the media not to report on what happened.


And bead yelled over the security guard, they can do whatever they want. And bead said, I don't give a it. Mm Well he hot boy. I told you. Yeah, for sure. I told you, you gotta be careful. You gotta be careful. You wanna, you wanna put a story out and you add certain things that are insensitive to the individual for context for the readers. You know, you, you, you can't tell people how to react. Now you'll feel one way about it because you are not in his shoes and you didn't lose a brother. You didn't name your son after a brother. You didn't mention just using what he mentioned about legacy, but hell, you're not even playing. So how you going leave a legacy for your child that's, that's iffy that there, there's certain lines you don't cross, you know, having self-awareness and knowing what to say and what not to right now you can get your point across without bringing up that you can just talk about him not being in shape, how much time he's missed, being overweight, his diet, his nutrition, all that, and why he's missed.


Has he played this season yet? No. Yeah. Yeah. There there's so many different angles and layers you could appeal back and talked about outside of that. Now what drew, what, what drew what's gonna draw the eyes and the viewers is the fact that you brought up the brother that, that deceased Ocho all I'm saying is this, is that people said you played in the Olympics, right? And you played after being injured in the regular season and you limping in the playoffs, but somehow you got healthy enough right? To play in the Olympics and now you can't play. Mm. Can you understand how that looks, right?


Yeah. I mean, do you understand? I mean, Yeah, You're injured during the season, the majority of the season you limp into the playoffs, you play in the Olympics, but now the team that's playing you 60 million a year, you're like, I can't go. Yeah. Listen, I listen, I'm with I'm with you when you're right. I ain't, I'm not trying to argue the fact, I'm just, I'm just stating why he got angry. I can kind of empathize with him, you know, for someone who's lost a parent who's lost a grandmother who's lost a mom. I, I I I kind of get it in a, in a sense. So listen, but you, you right, you right, you right too. You right too.


I think I, I think I wish, I wish he had my gene. I, I enjoyed. I don't go for what the hell you say, I don't care. It did not bother me. It is Wal off a duck's back as I call it. I think I, I I think for Joe l and b, because he's heard so much criticism about his weight, right? About his conditioning, about not being able to play because that's always the theme every year when it Comes to him. How much, how long is Joel l and b going to be able to play? Right? Is he in shape, is he in condition? Will he get hurt? What's going to get hurt this year? Will it be his knee? Will it be his back? Right. Will it be his ankle? What will it be?


So think about it, there has not been one year because when you talk about the Sixers, there's always a caveat. Joel and B's help. Yeah. Every year. That's the theme. Well, the Sixers can be good. If Joel and Bead is healthy, well say, Hey, I like the sixes and east if Joe Len beat is healthy, I like X, Y, and Z. But it's all contingent. Right? And so I don't think, look, a lot of times Ocho, a lot of times not always, a lot of times it's a culmination of a lot of different events that causes a player. Now you said, I don't believe it was just about the brother. I don't believe it was just about the band.


Right. That might've been the final straw. Right. But there was so much more war. There was already water in that bucket up. Yeah. Yeah. That bitch is opened A few drops and it started spilling over. Right. I got you. I believe, I believe that's the case. Now I could be totally wrong, but I think, and it's Plus is this guy, it's him right? That wrote the article and I think he's probably is has he been critical? He's been critical of Joel and B So this kind of been a theme or Joe Oh, so He he one of those reporters. I got it, I got it, I got it.


But what I mean Ocho Yes sir. You drafted a guy that had Sergio on his back. Yeah. Oh wait, listen, You know, Peter been the number one pick in the draft had he not had the body broken down. Yeah. So what I just wanna know, what did you expect? They, they Know they get A man that size. Oh, Joe, that's not a normal man, right? That's not a 200 pound man. Right. You're talking about a think about it now he's, he's 19, 20, he's 300 pound, 2 80, 2 90, 300 pounds. Name the man that you know, that was 300 pounds as a 20-year-old got smaller as he got older. Right. Oh, you, you know what you're getting. You, you know exactly what you're getting. But listen, based on what they've invested and when EB is healthy and when he's on Shh.


What? Hold on, hold on, go back. What? You said what before you said healthy, right? What was the four letter word that you used? What What? When he, when he's healthy, Win, win. Oh, oh oh. And the Philly fans are saying, bro, you give us 50 games a year. Right. You give us 60 games a year, they play 82. Right. You always nicked We saw it. We know, we know know what he is. He's an MVP conversation every year. Yeah. Win. It's frustrating. And you know how Philly fans are? Hell, they threw snowballs at Santa Claus.


Yeah. They don't play, they don't play. And One thing about it, them Philly fans do not play. And they'll turn, they'll turn on you quick now. But you know what? But they, I wouldn't be surprised if, I wouldn't be surprised if Joel, they moved Joel or he requested a trade. You think so? It's too early for that. We only in It's Coming. It's coming. It's coming to an end. We in Week three. Nah, it's coming to an end. Well we We'll take him in Miami then. Shit. We'll take him to Miami. We'll move bam to the four. Put Joelle at the five. You know what Jimmy? What? Jimmy, what?


What? Jimmy gonna run Jimmy run the two, right? Nah, nah. Jimmy's a two, A three. He mainly a three. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. They is Jimmy at the three Tyler hero at the two. I don't know who gonna run the point. We, we gonna get Dame So bam. Jimmy It right. Coming out the, This is what said yesterday when he clashed with the media over speculation, questioning his toughness and his desire to play, to play. I broken my face twice. I came back early with the risk of losing my vision.


Hmm. When I see people saying he doesn't want to play, I've done way too much for this city putting my separate at risk. Right. For people to be saying that. I don't think it's bull jive, but I do, but I've done too much for this effing city to be treated like this. Mm Mm What you think I wanna I think he missed a point. Oh, I think he missed a point. Okay. They applaud what you do, not who you are. Oh. What have you done lately? It's always like that. It is always gonna be like that. Right. Short memory, huh?


Oh, what is fans short for? Fanatic. Right. I like that. I like that Fans that cheer. They'll also turn around in the boot in the same game. Oh yeah. Most definitely. I remember them days. It's okay, but you gotta accept you, you have to accept that I never got upset. And when, when, when the brother and I've been booed at home in Mile High. Whoa. They booed you off? They booed our offense and guess what? Oh, okay. I was, I was right there boo. Yeah, y'all suck. They Yeah, we suck. I was in Baltimore, right. They booed our offense in 2000.


We were terrible. Oh Yeah. Y'all was, y'all was terrible huh? Y'all, y'all was terrible. Yeah, we was some stir fry. I mean it's what it's, yeah, so you want, so even when you playing bad, you playing like dog poop. You want them to cheer you Nah, don't work like that, bro. Nobody's wired like that. Right. Even, even the team that you love the most, when they mess up, you curse them out. It's just the way it's on show. Right. But NBA is obviously starting an investigation. And NBA spokesman said in a statement, we are aware of the reports of an incident in the sixth locker room this evening and we are commencing with an investigation.


Yeah. It's, it's, it's tough. Philly Philly's not an easy place, but if you win a championship, they'll love you for life. Yeah, Most definitely. And it and One thing about them fitting fans, boy you you, have you seen how they travel for football games? Yeah. Sending people take over stadium like Steelers fans. It's a whew. Man, that's Tough. It's tough. It's tough when you're injured and like, you seem like you can't even catch a break If it ain't One thing, it's another, If it ain't One thing, it's another ojo. That's what I said And I said it Wrong and, and, and you know, to compound it.


Yeah. Like I said, this reporter as is telling me he's probably been writing a lot, man, when is this guy gonna play? Yeah. He's really never healthy. He's really never there, there when the sixes need him or can count on him when he needs to be there. And you know, it builds up. Like damn, all you do is write, all you do is write negative stuff. All you do is write hit pieces about me. And now like I said, I believe it's the culmination of that and then the mention of his son and his, his brother that passed away. Yeah, I think that was the, I think that was the straw that kind of broke the camel's back


Picture. What it would be like if Trump wins and implements his project 2025 agenda for your auntie, mother or daughter to lose the right to make tough healthcare decisions to save her life for the overtime pay. So many depend on to vanish for police to be shielded from accountability for racial profiling. If Trump's project 2025 agenda goes into play, you will pay the heavy price. To find out I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris. for President


Chba


Looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba Casino is free to play experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo and more. Live the Cmba life@cmbacasino.com. Vtw group. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions. 18 plus


The 2024 presidential election is here. M-S-N-B-C has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. All reporters are on the ground. Steve Corny is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow and our decision 20 20 14 will provide insight as results come in. And the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday, beginning at 6:00 PM Eastern on M-S-N-B-C


This fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59 point 99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu Plus live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59.99 per month for three months, then 82 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Did you know the PayPal debit card now earns you 5% cash back in the monthly category of your choosing groceries, health, restaurants, beauty, gas, and apparel in up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Sephora, and Instacarts. Like having a little extra in your pocket. Every month I'm using PayPal debit card to earn 5% cash back on apparel with my travel schedule, I'm on the go. Sometimes I have to buy clothes online. It's the new normal. Just sign up for the PayPal debit card through the new app and you're ready to go. Download the new PayPal app. Sign up, start earning 5% cash back today. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limits apply. See paypal.com/rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spend per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bankcorp bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Alright. All right, Ocho, now is time. Time. Last segment of the day q and a. Hey, Don't tell me no, don't tell me no, I'm back in the house. Yeah, Dr. Frankie l Bellamy said unc, congratulations on raising over a hundred thousand dollars for your album bottle. Savannah State, proud of you. That's fantastic, doc. I'm proud too. Like I said, we got, got rid of over 300 pairs of shoes, got another couple hundred pairs still up between Atlanta and here. I thought I had a lot of shoes, but I didn't realize I had that many because I I didn't know, I didn't know that they, we had that Shelly and, and taken 300 pairs.


I thought we had like 150, 200. I kept telling Ash, oh well we got 200 and so I didn't realize until we actually got the, the cool kicks and they said we had over 300 pair. And so I, first of all, I wanna thank whatnot that, that made this happen. Thank you guys. Everybody that supported that bought the shoes, you got a great pair of shoes. Some have some unbelievable stories Cool kicks for letting us have a place that we could do the event, but like they said, it went for a very worthy cause. Some of those shoes I didn't really want to get rid of, but I think for me doing this for Savannah State, I've always wanted to do something like this. Yeah. And here I am and I get an opportunity to do it now.


So I'm, I'm extremely happy about that. I was able to be able to pull it off and I wanna thank everybody that purchased the shoes. Like I said, I think you got some really cool, some really cool kicks. Couple of PEs. The NC PEs had a couple of Oregon Duck PEs in there. It had some, had some really cool stuff. And so guys, I really, really appreciate that and I know some students at Savannah State is gonna greatly, greatly appreciate that. So thank you guys. Everybody that participated and supported Mr. Blunt, fff number seven said congratulations, uncle on for Savannah State. I saw how happy you were on the live and you took your shoes off. So I'm happy for you.


Yeah bro. I I and I kinda like those, those are customer shoe surgeons, but They had to go and so thank you cool kinks. Forgive me a pair of shoes because I was damn gonna walk out there with my socks, socks Ash. Who looking at me like I was going Ash talking about you at worse. Like I did have on foot ash or you gonna have to carry me outta there. You know I was gonna be that. I was gonna be that drunk friend that you gotta carry out the casino. I, I I I like to see you enjoy. Pull that one off. I, I need, I need something I can sell. What I can sell on now Cigars.


Nah. Oh come on man. I'm talking about like for real. I don't know. What have you got? I ain't got shit in this motherfucker. Well I guess you can't sell nothing. You didn't collect nothing. Sell your old Cincinnati Bengals jersey. Shit, I ain't got none of them. I ain't got no memorabilia. I'm bad. I'm bad when it come to that stuff. Jayla A K Pops. What are your thoughts on Cam Ward? Miami Hurricanes for the 90 man, they do a great job of coming coming from behind. I mean this is what the last couple of weeks. I mean we saw 'em Atal come from behind. Yeah, I think two weeks ago they came from behind this week. They came from behind. They got explosive offense. Yeah.


I'm not so sure you get against a better team. Hey, that's what I was that you gonna be able to do. Yeah. I was getting ready to say that you, you keep having those slow starts now. You fall too far behind. You playing against a different team that won't allow you to come back if they do build A Correct. Yeah. Tom Deon said Cam Ward is him. Hurricanes are coming for the chip trophy. You like the Kings don't you? Yeah. I Love the Kings now. I love the Kings. It's been a long time since they've, they've had this type of winning attitude and Aura the stadium filled up even though the people are late to the games.


But it, it, yeah. What is that with y'all with Miami? Why y'all be doing that? It's basketball is like that for the heat. It is like that. Listen, you losing the heat thing ain't showing up. You winning. They be there but they, they ain't gonna get there to the second quarter hurricane game. People that get there maybe in the middle of the first, beginning of the second. It's just the way Miami is no matter how well you doing, if you losing, they ain't showing up. No, you ain't gotta worry About nobody. It's too much to do. It's too much to do in Miami too much. It's the same thing in la. Yeah. Unless, unless first of all, unless you Lakers of the Dodgers right now, if you Lakers the Dodgers, they going right because that's the Lakers of the Dodgers. But if you not the Lakers are the Dodgers.


Right. And you losing, they ain't coming at all because it's entirely too much. You got Samo, you got Venice Beach, you got rooftops, you got decks, they ain't effing with you. Right. You know what I'm saying? And you got Malibu. So I'm, I'm just, and and so Miami, I'm, I'm sure they got, they got beaches in Miami. They got South Beach. Oh Yeah. South Beach for a lot of their beach. Man, I ain't finna go. You want me to go inside to watch somebody lose and I can be outside right at the beach? Yeah, It's too much. You right boy. It's just a lot to do. It's a lot to do. Yeah, for sure. Kira Norwood Jr. Said, my question is for Ocho, would you trade McDonald's for a Super Bowl rig or a pair of LeBron's shoes?


Hell nah. Absolutely not. Not trading my McDonald's. I can't, I can't eat no ring. I can get me one made though. Nah, no, that's a good, that's a good question. But no, I I wouldn't do that Side. J 17 said, what's up UNC Ocho, who was a better running back? Earl Cabell or Derrick Henry. Wow. Oh shit. That's a, that's a good one. Hey, how about, how about you switch eras though? What happened? You put Derrick Henry and Earl Campbell's era and put Earl Campbell in this era?


Man, the thing with Earl, Earl was in the, in the, in the, in the division with the Steelers. Yeah. So he had to steal the, see the, the steel curtain twice A year. Yeah. And he had man Earl man, y'all think D Henry was a low, Earl was running slap, running over, breaking dudes Sterns Right through you. He gonna, he gonna put his helmet. Man, that, that's a great question. He gonna put Earl, Earl only played like Earl might have played, he might have played seven years, but he only had like five or six. But he was like A-A-M-V-P or offensive player of the year. Right. How many times did Earl win the offensive player of the year? Like three, I think it was an MVP Earl made a lot of people turned it down and you know, back then in that era, guys were a lot tougher than they are now.


Yeah. Most definitely. Offensive player. The year three times. Wasn't he and MVP? Yeah. You three times First team. Mm. Shit. I don't know. Yeah, yeah. But he was, he was a, he was like a one man wrecking crew man. Right. He was, he was sensational. I think I might give a slight, slight nod to Eric, to Earl for real, because I got an opportunity, I got an opportunity to see Earl play.


So I'm old enough to, I'm old enough to remember, I remember the Tyler Rose when he came outta Texas, number 20, he won the Heisman Trophy goes to the, the Oilers. Right. And he put 'em on the map right away. Oh yeah. And there have been some times they probably could have got to the Super Bowl, but guess what? When you gotta steal to see that division with that defense and, and he was the only thing that you had to the, to key on. Yeah. I'm excited. Clark and Morehouse c What y'all gonna put down? Come on over spell, see what y'all gonna put down because we gonna be, we gonna be at the a, the au center with what we do.


Yeah. June. June, UNC, can Denver beat the Ravens? Sure they can. Anything's possible. Put man on the moon. No. Will they? No. You worry about, you worry about Bengals. Don't you worry about, Oh, we playing the Raiders. We finna win. If, if you have lost more games than you've won, why you talking football? We, we playing the Raiders. We finna win. So we gonna go to, As a matter of fact, I want you to say oblong shaped pig skin. I only want you to say foot of ball, oblong shaped foot pig skin. If your team has lost more games than they won, I guarantee my, If your team is lo, if your team has a winning record, raise your hand.


If your team is gonna finish winning with, with a winning record, raise your hand. I don't know where you got your hands up that you, I see what you do. You got a peace sign up piece to that winning record that you thought you was gonna have. I, I bet you our, our winning record is better than Denver at the end of the season. Hold on. I mean, y y'all got the expectations. Y'all got a, a burrow head. Y'all got Chase and Higgin. Yeah. I guarantee you our record is better than y'all at the beginning, at the be at the end of the season. I bet we make the playoffs. I bet that, I bet we Not happening The wild card, But not happening. Okay. Baltimore gonna put y'all at Y misery next week.


You won't bet none. That's Thursday night, right? I gotta be in Vegas for that Game. It don't matter where it's at. Thursday night. Friday night. They gonna beat y'all in any day. In any day that ends in y you Won't bet none. Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Tuesday day they y Raven gotta baby. Monday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday through. Yes. Hey, that's the jam too. U Dub 1906. I received the Nightcap t-shirt today with other one to be delivered later. Today's order had to club Sheha, hoodie included, which I didn't order, but we'll keep, keep it. I can't take anything from you. I didn't pay or I need to know how to pay for it.


Well, you're a honor, you're a honest person. What? Appreciate that. Thank you. And Dub, we had like 6,000 orders. Unfortunately, we fulfilled some, our fulfillment center messed up 50 orders and to keep up with demand. So we're switching to a vigor and a better fulfillment center in Houston, Texas. Hey, that 50 that's coming outta Ocho cut. What? Those 50 orders that people got that they didn't order. That's coming outta your cut. All right, bet. Nah, man. We, we appreciate it, man. Enjoy it. Thank you. Very proudly, man. We appreciate the support, but like you said, that last order that we had could go out was an extremely large order.


We didn't never in our wildest imagination, we, we, we think we'd have 6,000 orders ocho, right? And, and, and, and in one batch. But, but hopefully you appreciate, you like, it, it like the great, the, like the quality of it and wear it proudly. But thank you for your support, bro. Appreciate that. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. Woo. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. I am your favorite. Unc Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite 85. He's a binga ring of Fame honoree. He's a pro bowler, he's an all pro. He's Liberty City zone. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson.


But everybody knows him at ocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. And guess what? Do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber matters. And we thank you for mattering. Check out Shaa by La Portier. We have it in stock and if we're not currently in a city or state near you, you can order it. Holidays are right around the corner. You got Thanksgiving, you got Christmas, and you got New Year. So we'll make sure we get it to you in time for you to celebrate, please go follow my media company on all platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 made the T-shirt and the hoodies and things that we've been selling.


Our newest release dropped last week. We dropped, I was held when I was well, our live for you before I lie to your T-shirts, black Nightcap hoodies and by popular demand to stay with me now is back in the hoodie. Did we always do those in the hoodies or that was the first time we did the hoodie. Yeah, we had it in a t-shirt, but now we have it in a hoodie. You guys requested that and we hear your requests and our bestseller, the UNC and OCHO teeth. We got a lot of requests. Ocho people wanna say, man, let's get it in black. So guess what, we got it in black. We coming it bringing it to you. We bringing it to you in black. Yeah, I need that. We dropped that this morning. Quantities are limited, so make sure you grab yours while supplies last South Carolina drugged the number 10, Texas a and m.


August 44 to 20. Ohio State did what's routine. They beat Penn State. Number four, Ohio State, beat number three, Penn State, 20 to 13. Joel Embi got into an incident with a reporter. He was reported that he shoved reporter and, and because of some things that he'd been writing about Joel. And he made reference in an article about Joel's son and his younger brother who passed away tragically in a car accident. When Joel's first year in the Sixers, Jason Kelsey got into an incident. He was at Penn State Beaver Stadium. He was approached by a college student that asked him a, a question about his brother.


Called his brother a derogatory term. And it looked like Kelsey snatched the phone out his hand, threw the phone down. The guy, she went out to pick it up, got shoved him. He asked him who was the derogatory term in which he had referred to Jason DeMar DeRozan Drake said, Hey, they put DeMar DeRozan jersey up. He's climbing up there to take it down himself personally. Cowboys Ezekiel, Elliot Ocho has been a inactivated, has been deactivated and is going to miss the game due to disciplinary actions. We don't know what those actions were. Some our reporting is because he was told he was gonna be inactive for the the Falcons game.


That concludes this episode of Nightcap. Thank you again for joining us. We're back tomorrow after Sunday Night Football. Who plays the Chiefs play, right? Ch Chiefs Play Tampa. We'll see you tomorrow after the Chiefs Tampa game and we're gonna be following that up again Monday after that game. So, oh, oh, coach Vikings ocho Coach Viking, tomorrow night, Sunday night, and then the chief bugs on Monday night. Okay? So stay tuned. We'll see you after the Colt's Vikings game. We'll see what Joe f Flaco can do. They moved, they bitched.


Anthony Richardson in favor of Joe Flacco because Shane Steichen says, Hey, we're trying to win right now, and we'll let him get better than off season. But we got an opportunity. We see this is an opportunity in this division and we're gonna try to take advantage of it. So thank you for joining us for Nightcap. I'm unc, he's Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow night.


The Volume State Farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No, making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me. That was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL Order Now terms and conditions apply. See out for details.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte Brew two shots of Espresso. After Meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, Meta play hiphop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva RayBan Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart glasses.


One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet-friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new re-imagined Nissan Kicks today available feature Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.