
What's good. Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite. Moneyball the Blindside and Liars Poker. On. the latest season of my podcast, Against the Rules. I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states, and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against, the Rules on America s number one podcast network. iHeart, open your free iHeart app and search against the rules Listen to Against. the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974. George Foreman Was champion of the world. Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story behind The Rumble in the Jungle is like a Hollywood movie, But that is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam mc Kiba, all the biggest Slack Artists on the planet together in Africa. It was a big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John. Boy. Media I. want to tell you about my podcast? wake and Jake? I've been a sports nut my whole life and there's nothing I love more than talking about it. If you're a sports fan, waken Jake is the place for you. Covering all the hot topics from the sports world, lot of baseball, a lot of postseason coverage, mock drafts, awards, guest interviews, all of it. New episodes every Monday and Wednesday. Come watch along on the waken Jake YouTube channel or listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume, TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure. Touchdowns matter Moore at Draftking Sports book and official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player To score touchdown. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new draft. King customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia. Visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dkg.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The Chiefs improved the seven and oh. They beat the Raiders. 27 20 Mahomes extended his interception streak to eight games including the Super Bowl, but he became the fastest quarterback to, to throw for 30,000 yard, 30,000 career passing yards. He threw his 57 50 second regular season touchdown pass to Travis Kel moving the QB tight end duo into third place on the history in that category. I don't think they gonna catch Philip Rivers and gates, however, it was again, Kansas City's defense that won the day after securing four sacks plus a late gold line stand in the third quarter and a fourth quarter.


Bumble recovery. Hey, Patrick Mahomes was 27 to 38. 2 62, 2 touchdowns, one inception. He was sack once Kareem Hunt ran the ball 21 times, 59 yards. They even ran it 29 times for 82 yards. Same. A lot of times the running the running game OCHO is not necessarily in Baltimore's case yet you chew up yard. Right? But it's to also to give the defense, give the defense something else to think about. Give your offensive linemen a chance to rest and catch their breath because they wanna put hats on people, but their defense is sensational. That defense is legit. Hey, You saw the gold line, you saw the gold line stance. I absolutely did. Hey, Listen, hold on. I tweeted, I say, oh my goodness.


The chief defense is good defense. And everybody, obviously they must have been Raider fans say, nah, the chief defense isn't good. Whoever's calling the officer plays for the Raiders was dumb. Of course, but at some, at some, listen, I would've stuck it in somebody. But It's easy to place blame and give credit O Joe. Yeah. Listen, Did you know that? Yeah, I would've ran it on first. I would've ran on second. No, no. Actually, at some point I was waiting on the, to put the fake in the belly and have play action to the tight end. That's what I thought was coming. Some type of trickery. Running right, running right down the middle of the strength of the goddamn chief defense.


Makes no goddamn sense at all. And you gonna try it four times in a row. It's easy to bla, it's easy to say blame. They accept accountability. Ocho? No, the Chiefs. The Chiefs. 7, 8, 7 and oh eight. They eight. Oh, What are the chili? They're seven. Seven. Oh No, they The chief. They haven't had their bye week yet. They ain't even had their bye week. They ain't even have all they goddamn players. Have they? They had their bye week already. I don't think so because the Raiders, the Raiders are two and six and the Chiefs are 70 and Oh. So I'm thinking they don't have the, I don't, I'm thinking that it, it lines up that they haven't had their bye week yet.


Think I think about what's gonna happen when Hollywood Brown come back. What they gonna look like? Patrick Mahome not even playing his best football. They ain't lost the damn game yet. When it's time to, that's What's scary is that he ain't even close to playing what he can be Not even close. And they still undefeated. Spas is, spas is dialing it up. Brilliant. He doing a, he's doing an unbel an unbelievable job. You need to pay spas. Like he one of the players. Oh, they, they paid him. I mean he, he, he probably the highest played DC for sure. He Gotta be.


Oh, they say they had, oh, they had they Oh, oh yeah. They have had their by week. That's why they're seven and oh and not two and not eight wins. Okay. Because they've had their by week. That's why they've only played seven games. The Raiders haven't had a by week. That's why they have eight. They they played eight. They're two and six. Right. And the Chiefs are seven and Oh, because they've had their by week. And so that's why we're also in week eight. Hmm. But yeah, you're right. Ojo. Trav seemed to be getting, he had 12 targets, 10 catches, 90 yards in a touchdown. Xavier worthy four catches, 37 yards in a touchdown. Justin Watson, three catches, 33 yards. P Ryan, 2D ho got into the action.


He had two for 29 to 16 yard game. Even Noah Brown had three catch. Noah Gray, excuse me, Noah Gray had three catches for 23 yards at the thing. And they're spreading it around. So Kelsey, worthy Watson, p Ryan, Hopkins, gray Hardman, steel hunt, nine guys call passes. Yeah. Everybody getting the ball. I wish they, I I wish they used D Hop a little bit Mo though. I mean, you Just got there Ocho damn. I know. I mean, I'm just saying two for 29. Like use use a little bit more Ocho the man just got there on Wednesday. I I know I What that what that mean? You brought it, you brought him there for a reason. Let's get in The ball. You think he know the offense? Let's get, you think he know the offense?


Oh, there's enough. There's, I'm sure there's a small package for him that he knows. That's what they had to been a small package. The small pa small package don't equate to 10, 12 catches Ocho Not the first week you get there. Five, I mean six. At least six. Give, give, give, give. Gimme six Target. He played 23 snaps. Ocho. Yeah. I don't like that. But you know what, you know what he did just get there and it's going to continue to grow though. Yes. He's gonna continue to grow. He's gonna get from me That Well, lemme ask you a question. Yeah. When, when, when Amari got into Buffalo, how many snaps do you think he played? He played the whole game. I don't know. But his first game, he had 60, 66 yards. 66 0 6 76 would've touchdown. Yeah.


Which One of those guys, which one of those guys on that roster is Travis Kelsey? Oh, I, I put my hands up. But look, he's shown he's a valuable, Hey, he's a great possession guy. He's going to keep you. He gonna keep you. Keep the first down moving. Yeah. He he'll and looker. Andy will find a way to get him more involved. Yeah. Oh, Andy gonna find a way to get him more involved. I'm not even worried about that.


And now it's time for our next segment. Gas on grass. He's Rocky. Huh? He's too creative. Now it's time for our next segment. Gas on Grass. Brought to us by our friends at Scott's Lawn Care. Bet you didn't know. Fall is the perfect time to feed your lawn. Give your lawn a boost with Scot's Turf Builder Winter Guard. Recover from the summer prep for the winter Scot's winter guard. Push your grass on the road to recovery from damage caused by the summer heat. Feed your lawn, Scot's turf build winter guard this fall to build strong deep root for a better lawn next spring. Repair from repairs from summer fun strengthens for the winter. Prepare for the spring. Secure your fall. Fun for you. Pick up a bag of Scot's turf Winter guard. Pick up a bag of Scott's turf builder. Winter guard. Say that five times fast. Feed your lawn, feed it.


Today's a most electric touchdown player of the day came from none other than Jayden Daniels. Daniels connected with Noah Brown on a tip pass. A 52 yard Hail Mary with no time left. I understand they said it was 52 yards, but he launched at about 70. Because if you go back and look at the replay, look how far he was behind the line of scrimmage. Scrimmage. Yeah. So he threw that ball somewhere between 60 and 70 yards. Tyreek Stevenson. This is what he te this is what he tweeted to Chicago and my teammates. I apologize for my lack of awareness and focus. The game isn't over until zeroes hit the clock. Can't take anything for granted. No.


Take it and prove it will happen. Bear down. No, no, no. Bro. You up there celebrating. Yeah. You don't expect, you know, you don't expect nothing like that to happen. If you are, Why not? Tell me why not? If you throw, do we not just see Aaron Rogers Hold up. Just two weeks ago we saw Aaron Rogers do what? Ocho Hail Mary. Oh. So you don't expect Hail Mary to happen? Have it? Has what happened in that game? Have that ever happened before? It's happened before. Can I, can I say something? Yes. What's the number one rule for dbs of safeties on a Hail Mary? To bat the ball. What? Down. Bat the ball down. Yeah. Stop trying to catch the interception.


Bat the ball down. If you don't, if you don't try to get the interception and be selfish just to get the goddamn stat and you bat the ball down, the game is over. How about you do your responsibility and not, there was gonna be plenty of time for you to do that to the crowd. Right? Do you see him still looking? His guy, Noah Brown, the guy that caught it? Yeah. Yeah. That's unfortunate. That's unfortunate. I mean, I mean, I'm just trying to figure out o That's so unlucky. You know what the No, You know what? It's not unlucky on what happened. You know what The percentage complete the Hail Mary is what defense Luck is.


What happened when preparation meets opportunity? Do you pr have you ever practiced the Hail Mary in practice? Yeah. Maybe once. Yes. Yeah. Yes. You practice it every week. So when it happens, preparation, you prepare for it, the opportunity presents itself. You go for it. No. He had one job to do. Yeah. So lemme ask you a question. Yes sir. So tell me the time that you have a period in which you get to celebrate and you try to chuff it up with the crowd. Lemme let tell the fans in Cincinnati, did y'all have a period like that? Okay guys, the game is on. The game is almost over. Yeah. I want you to turn to the stands and try to get into it with the crowd. Yeah. Lemme know that play. What period is that? Would y'all have? Nah, it ain't, it ain't nothing.


It ain't nothing. Just a little, little, little little pre premature. Prema. Premature. And guess what it cost him? It got him a game. Now think about that. He never gonna live that down. No. Everybody gonna know him for that place. How did he live that down Ocho? You can't, you can't shoot that. That's, that's on, that's on. That's gonna be on highlights for years to come. Damn, man. I feel I, I feel bad for young boy, man. He was, I don't, I know we were hyped boy. Yeah, he Hyped. We Got, we got done. Lemme ask you a question in that, in that celebration he was doing to the sidelines, do you think he was ever as hyped as the commanders were when they walked it off?


Mm. That was dope. That was dope. For, for, for a play like the Hail Mary to be such a small percentage play as far as success rate is concerned. I was, I was surprised. I was surprised it happened. I was surprised it happened. I like, yeah. Oh, okay. Nothing Surprised me on the football field. Yeah, I know. You right. Lemme bit your question after you saw what happened in the Super Bowl with Malcolm Butler, why are you surprised by anything if you played this game long enough Ocho you've seen strange things happen. Things happen. Yeah. Yeah.


Unfortunate The Prepared Armon said luck is what they call it All. He had one job to do. I just wanna know what the job, the description that caused him that that said, this is what we want you to do. Right. We want you to make it about you because it about him. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You got that? Yeah. Y'all thought y'all had it. Y'all thought y'all had it. Did y'all? And then when the play going on, he still wasn't busting his ass. Yeah. Watch the replay. And if we gonna talk about it again tomorrow. 'cause I want you to watch the replay.


Right. And I want you to tell me, do you think he was busting his butt to get over there because he got over there and laid, guess what he did? Ocho he was the one that tipped it. He hit the ball. If he was in position, he'd been in position to do this, but he wasn't in position. He did that. He swatted the ball. Said thank you. You see what happens? You lose more ocho teams lose more games than they win. Yeah. The Bears lost this game. Yeah, they Did.


They did. Because all it takes is one, one guy wasn't doing his job and it costs 52. Damn. Don't cuss. Call Gus. Mm. Don't cuss now. Right. Do your job. Ocho ocho lemme ask you a question. Is the celebration any less jubilant if it happens five seconds later? Yeah, he could. He, he, he could've waited. That's why I said it was, it was premature. Premature. Wait till the clock hit zero. When the clock hit zero. Talk all the trash to the fans you want because I know they've been hacking you all game anyway.


Yes. The greatest trash talk is to win. Yeah. That's the greatest trash talk ocho. Yeah, it Is. It is. But had Moham had Muhammad Ali not been able to do, nobody would've remembered anything what he was saying. Yeah. It was because he was winning Mayweather. Y'all remember when Conor McGregor was knocking folks out and he had all that great trash talking? Tell me the last time y'all remember he said something meaningful that y'all can go back and talk to because he been getting his ass kicked. Nobody cares. Nobody cares.


Now you getting beat. All those cliches and those one liners, he was as great a trash talker as there was. Yeah. But he was knocking folks out. Yeah. Now he getting carried. Don't nobody remember what he said from the press conference. Winning is the greatest trash talk ever created. We would've not remember what Joe name was saying had he not guaranteed had they lost that game. How many times? How many somebody? Because how many times did somebody say, I guarantee you, and it didn't happen. We forget about that. Yeah. But we remember that guarantee because they won. They won. Hey, Remember, let it be a lesson.


Let it be a lesson. Young man hate that you put yourself in that situation. Yeah. But let it be a ocho a wise man will learn from others' mistakes. A fool will learn from his own. Let this be, I hate that you had to learn this lesson. I hated that you had to learn this lesson through your own mistake. Right. The match up between 2024 and number one and number two overall picks. Both quarterbacks would go down in history. The two lead changer. I mean, think about it. In the first 59 minutes and 35 seconds, there was one touchdown score. Yeah. They scored two touchdowns in the last 25 seconds.


The commanders 18 Chicago Bears 15. That's a long flight. A very man, that's a long ass flight home. And you know, everybody looking at it O Joe. You know how it is. Yeah. Hey man, hey, pick your head up. Hey, it's a team game. You know, team game nigga. You close off the green man. Hey, I, I ain't telling what somebody told me. I've been in that situation. Oh yeah. Hey man. Hey, it's all right. Hey, we'll get 'em next time. Do your job. We got this time. Yeah. They'll, they'll, they'll never tell you to your face though. They'll never tell you to your face. But they Oh, they gonna whisper behind your back or they gonna Oh, no, no, No.


Oh no. Not not, not us. Oh, Tito Paul. Yeah. The one that gave him that touchdown to, I think it was Aari to that caused us the undefeated Caesar. Oh. We got his ass as soon we got on the plane. Oh, we got him on the plane. Yeah. I was making y'all, making y'all making. Hey bro. You alright? Yeah, man, man, I'm sorry about that. Yeah. You cost us undefeated season. Oh, oh, ask him. Yes. Oh absolutely. We his ass up. Right. We go to that plane. Hey, get him in the locker room, right. Him.


Did you We, Mike, we didn't have to come in until Wednesday. Right. Gotta think about it now Ocho this was in our back to back. This was our, the second of the, of the, of the back to back Super Bowls. So we went on the win streak. So we didn't have, if we won the game, we didn't have to come in till Wednesday and we had hat day on Friday. Right. So we won the last game of the season, which was Seattle. We won three playoff games and we're on the Super Bowl and then we started the season. So we had won 17 straight games. Right. Thanks Tito. You f that up. Hope you feel good about yourself.


Hope you can sleep at night. I know he hurt. He hurting 55 guys. Gotta come in. Gotta come in on Monday. No hats. Woo. Them heavy ass helmets on Friday. Oh. I tore him up. Oh. Ask him if y'all see Tito Paul, ask him pull his ass up. Yeah. That's funny. But I wasn't by myself. I just, I just happened to be the Louis. Yeah. Burns. Oh. Oh, we got him. Oh yeah. Oh. You had to look, you know, you know his firsthand, you gotta have thick skin. Oh Yeah. Most definitely. Listen, You cannot let, you cannot let the guys know it bother you.


Yeah, because what? Because if they do, Oh, it's never going to end. It's never, never gonna end. If somebody call you a name, they, Hey man, go on with that. Oh, that bother you? Huh? It's over. It's over, man. I got Guy, I mean, I gave guys nickname to this day. I mean, it was a age such, they like, they might refer to 'em by their real name. I'm like, man, who is that? Right man, you don't know. Mm. Who that is? Once you get a nickname, it's just like when you growing up in the south, I don't know how they do it, but if you get a nickname, yeah. You could get grown, you could be grown, you could be married, you could be whatever.


That's your name. It Sticks always Forever. And it might be on your obituary such and such abbreviation, Quotation Quota. Yes. Yeah. Yes. That's your name. The Eagles beat. The Molly Wap. Don walked, They no, they just won the game. They didn't Mo Wap Molly Watt. If you went, if you beat a team by in the NFL by three scores, that's Molly, that's dog Walk. The Eagles again didn't score in the first quarter. They haven't scored in the first quarter all season.


But they made up for it in the next three quarters. But it helps to play the Bengals. Yeah. And they scored 37 points in the final three quarters after halftime Jalen Hurst with a perfect nine for nine, 150 yards. And a TD Pass. Hertz finished with three Russian touchdowns. Saquon Barkley Giants. Y'all miss that. Oh, he rushed for 108 yards too. The Bengals failed to owe him for in Cincinnati this season they're three and five. Damn. Y'all still winning the y'all still winning. The division don't show We no, don't, you ain't gotta bring that up. We, we doing a little bad. I just go about what you, that's what you said. Oh, I so run my money. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. What did Joe Burrow say?


What Joe? Bur I think 10 Wins usually gets gets you in. We gotta win seven outta nine. Joe Burrow said it's doable. So guess what? I believe, guess what? I guess what I believe How many games y'all gotta win? We gotta win Seven Outta nine. Hell y'all won three outta eight. So what makes you think y'all can win? Seven Outta nine? Oh, Wait a minute. This is a long football scene. This, this is not a sprint. This is a marathon. Now we might be playing, we might be playing bad right now, but hell, we could catch God damn fire if Joe, it's a marathon. If, if Joe say we could win seven of the, of the last nine, we gonna win seven of the last nine. Yeah. He said y'all need to get hot here and y'all ain't want a game since y'all won't one game since he said y'all need to win one.


And having, having tea, having tea out today didn't really help either. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I'm not making no excuses. That's what it sound like. That's what it sound like to me. Hey Chad, I promise you I'm not, it Sound like you made excuses. Listen, we lost the game. Fans Square Philly. Philly played Philly played very well. They played Saquon, ran very well. AJ Brown contributed God damn Devonta Smith them bomb them, them bomber homeboy. You know, it's, it's okay. It's okay. We didn't play well today. Whatever it is needs to be fixed. What you mean today? Y'all got three wins. It's been a lot of days y'all haven't played with, That's not necessary. Why you bringing up the past? We talk about the, we talk about the Eagles game.


Okay. Whatever needs to be. Y'all got Mo, WP Yeah, we, no, we lost Molly. WPP is, you know who got Mo, WP, the Titans got Mo. WP, that's Molly. WP we just lost the game. Ocho, y'all lost by 20 points in an NFL game. Huh? You know there's only two teams today that lost by that many y'all in y'all in the Titans. Huh? It happens, it's football. Some, some days, some days it's just not yours. Well, when y'all gonna have a day? Because y'all lost, y'all done lost five games. So when y'all gonna have a day, I Could tell you what, we gonna win the next seven. We gonna win seven of the, of the next nine. I got that because my, my quarterback says so, Hey, no sir.


Defensive league. We, we, we gotta get it together. Offense. No. Only scoring seven. What Makes you think y'all gonna get it together? It's a long season. Are you try, are you trying to, are you trying to just I'm Trying, but Okay. It's a long season. Okay. In the process of that long season, what, what makes you think y'all gonna get it Together? Think that the whole point of going to practice and and doing, going film, studying and going to meetings is to improve week to week. Have y'all improved week to week? We Haven't. Not, not yet. So what makes you think you're gonna prove moving forward? There's a chance it can turn around. There's a chance it could turn around Hey, There iss a chance it could get worse. So is there a chance it could get worse? That also is a possibility. Okay. Yeah, but I, if I think so, 50 50.


Yeah. Fi yeah, it's, it's a possibility. But I don't think, I don't think that would be the case. I personally don't think that that would be the case. And that's not because I'm a Bengal fan. I'm just understanding, looking at what we have, especially offensively the offense is what carries that team. 17. Y'all scored 17 points. Yeah, 17 points ain't good enough. I was just, just how Many points did they score? How many points did they score against the Patriots? 13. Yeah. That's not good. That's not good enough either. And especially not the fact that we in week seven or week eight, there's no reason why we should only be scoring 17 points. Especially with the weapons. Joe Burrow has to use that had Joe Burrow has at his disposal Ly. Oh, y'all score 10 against the Patriots.


Lemme take my three points back. You score 10. All right. How y'all looking? Hold on. I'm looking at y'all running backs. Brown Bur Zach Moss. Joe Mason look good in Houston. Yeah. Hey Joe. Hey Joe. Balling boy. Joe is, Joe is balling. Yeah, I'm talking about balling. Oh y'all scoring 17 against the Giants. Did y'all only had one explosive game and you're lost. You're score 38 against the Ravens, but you're lost. Yeah, But more times than not, y'all been some butt sauce. It's one of them years. Huh? You know how you had your fun making your jokes out The out Daddy?


What? I jokes Talk, talk about my team. You know, it's, it's okay Dog, because I, I remember you talking your gums earlier talking about the Broncos. What the Broncos gonna do. I didn't say nothing about the Broncos. Huh? What's your, what's y'all, what's y'all record? Huh? Better than yours. Okay. I dunno what our record is. Okay. It's better than Y'all. Nah, I don't, I don't think, hold on. Lemme make sure y'all record better than ours. I know for certain it's better than yours. Matter of fact, I got look at, look at, look at this. What we got coming up. We got the Raiders. That's gonna be a win. All right, we got the Ravens, we got a loss.


Hold on Joe. Don't beat Joe. Bird. Don't beat, don't beat Lamar. We Got the Ravens and the Chargers. So we got the Raiders, Ravens, and Chargers. So boom, that's three games. We don't win right there. Then we Got the I bet y'all don't. I bet y'all don't go three and Oh Put, put your money put, put your money where your mouth is, then put your money where your mouth is. You already owe me. You wanna make it double or nothing? Double or nothing? Bet. Wait. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Time out. Wait. Whoa. What I owe you? What I owe you for? How you just making up something? What I owe you for? I ain't no mess up. We gonna, what we gonna do? We gonna get the tape? I'm gonna find the tape where we be. Nah, Nah, nah, nah, no. Nah. You remember I didn't. I ain't bet nothing. There was nothing to bet about.


It. Is y'all good and terrible? Ocho


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite. Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against, the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, James Brown, BB King, Miriam Mcca. I Shook up the world. James Brown said, say it loud. And the kids said, I'm black and I'm Proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in the heart of Zaire Africa. Three days of music and then the boxing event. What was going on in the world at the time, made this fight as important that anything else is going on on the planet. My grandfather Laid on the ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself out. Welcome to Rumble, the story of a world in transformation, the Sixties. And prior to that, you couldn't call a person black. And how we arrived at this peak moment, I Don't have to be what you want me to be. We all came from the continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


AM Carrie, champion. And this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear the noise. I just come here to play basketball every rekindle day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondence and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy. Media I. want to quickly tell you about my podcast? It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes, come out every Tuesday. and for about 30 minutes, I dive into three topics in Major, League, Baseball that I am interested in. Breaking stories, trends, stats, weird stuff. Sometimes I make up my own stats. Sometimes I do a lot of research and it ends up I was wrong the whole time. So that's something you can get in on. Use Jimmy's three things podcast to stay up to date on Major, League, Baseball. And to make you just a smidge smarter than your friend who's a baseball fan. You listen to me and then you go tell him, Hey, I know this and you don't. So I make you smarter than your friends. That's what Jimmy's three things is all about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. You could also find it on the Talking Baseball YouTube channel. And new episodes drop every Tuesday.


Okay, Ocho, now it's time for what's op and all presented by op. Op. Hello? I need me a op man. We got Ali Popo Oli Pop's a new kind of soda. It tastes grace, it tastes great, and it has less than five grams of sugar. My favorite flavor. Wow. Drank that too fast. About to have the Burk. Can't do that on camera. Hey Dre. Hey Unc. Do like, do like the chuck chug the whole thing like they do beer. Do it real quick. No, Come on. Hey, come on. I had me broken. I Got you, I got you. Ready? Go. Go. No go. The Lions beat the Titans 52 14 to win their fifth grade game.


They're showing no signs of slowing down. They put up 35 points in the first half the most since 1970. Jamir Gibbs reached a max speed of 22.03 on a career long 70 yard rushing touchdown in the first quarter. I think, if I'm not mistaken, what's his name? The quarterback for the lions. Jerry. Jerry Gaw. He only had 85 yards past it. Yeah, I mean, well, well hell, he, he didn't have to, he didn't have to throw the damn ball man. Jamir Gibbs in Montgomery was going crazy.


Will you see how fast Jamir Gibbs ran today when he hit 2 0 3? Huh? 23 boy. Oh three. Man, Man, listen man, man, young, young bull fast as hell, bro. I, I'm, I'm, if you know what if, if we was to compare, Jamir is in the open field and Chris Johnson, who you got Chris Johnson? What the hell you talking about? I ain't taking no running back over Chris Johnson. That man ran 4, 2, 4 electronic time. Hold On. I'm what? What Jamir?


Jamir? No, four, two guy. Probably Fran. Four three. Right. Okay. You probably low. Four. 3 4 3, 4, 3. Oh boy. There's a big difference between four three and four. Two, four, Right? This much. No, it's bigger. It's more than that. Hey, hey, hey. That Boy, you see that that white kid from Iowa? The 4 1 5? Yeah. He looked like 4 1 5. Hey bro, he got out so fast. But it be digging. I'm telling you people jumping. Oh, there's a difference between football speed. Oh yeah. And track speed. Man, that's, that's elite speed. Yes.


I think Christian Coleman ran like 4 1 2. Hell you saying boat and sweats and sneakers ran. 4, 2 2. Yeah, I saw that. I saw that. I saw that one. Yeah, I remember that. So that's crazy man. Man, man, that speed to burn, I don't wanna be that fast. All that do is gonna get me to the safety quicker to get knocked out. I need, I need to keep, I need to keep this, this, this high five and low six ojo don't need get that safety any quicker. What I've been getting to it. That's a headache waiting to happen. The Texans beat the Cols 23 to 20.


Anthony Richardson was two of 15 in the first half on in Sunday's, loss to the Texans. That was the worst half, first half completion percentage by a player with at least 15 attempts since Steve Burline went to a 17. And the Cowboys in the first half a game, excuse me, against the Eagles 11 years before Richardson was born. Born. Who The fans are slamming Anthony Richardson for taking himself outta the game in the third quarter. Ocho I think you Heard Anthony Richardson talked about it after the game. Tired ain't gonna lie. That was a lot of running right there that I did. So I just told Shane I needed a break right here.


He just took one. It was just one play. Huh? Ocho you can't, you can't ocho everything. You don't have to verbalize everything. Right, Right, right, right, right. Guys need to understand that, bro. You think you being stand up, bro. You the face of the franchise. Right. You can't come out, you too tired to turn around and hand the ball off. Right. And you know what I, you know, I thought he came out and he probably, he didn't say nothing. I thought it was that that left ankle O Okay. Say that. I, yeah, You can't say I'm tired. Ocho I Don't think he wanted to. I I don't think he wanted to say he was hurt. I think it was that left ankle. So You so you think saying I was tired was better than saying I was hurt?


You know, you know how that go. Once, once you got, once you got a injury, you know they wanna do, they want to take a helmet. They won't let, they don't wanna let you back in the game. Ocho Ocho the man said I was tired. Yeah, Yeah. We seen Lamar, we seen quarterbacks run 30, 40, 50 yards and come back in and had you mean to tell me this man, this man is 21, 22 years of age and you too tired to turn around and hand the ball off. Oh, that's not a good look, man. That's a horrible look. Yeah, it wasn't a good answer. It wasn't a good answer. And I'm sure he he'll learn from it though. He'll learn from it. You have to be careful what you say.


And obviously he's not as media savvy as other quarterbacks would be, especially in that scenario, in a situation like that. But I still think it was that ankle. I really think it was that ankle. That's why he came out. He'll learn from it though. Lord have mercy. Sometimes guys just don't even say nothing. Just don't say nothing man. The Broncos, the who beat the brakes off the Panthers. What we Do that don't even count.


They playing the Panthers, man. That don't count. Don't We beat y'all too? You don't get no, you don't get no points for that. You don't get no points for that game at all. Bo Knicks had 220 passes yards in the first half of Sunday's, win more than he's had. All but one game this season. DB JC Horn called out Sean Peyton posts game trying to run up the score. No, no, no, no. You let me coach this team. Yeah. My job, right. To coach my team. Right. Your coach's job is to coach your team because what I do, coach o when I beat you bad, right? I do you a favor. I let everybody knows you're not good enough. Right? Your offense, your defense, your special teams.


Because see if I make it a close game, you gonna go in the locker room, say, guys, we're close. Yeah, we are. We're really close. We almost That's a good football team, right? And we almost had them. No, I beat the hell at you. I let you know you're not close. Right? You're not close in any aspect of it. So don't worry about my team. Why you worried about my team? John Peyton was brutally honest post game about playing the Panthers. That's not a good offense we played. Ouch. It's just the truth. We expected that we're going to see a lot better teams. The Broncos are three and 5 0 5 and three at Baltimore and Kansas City. The next two weeks. It is. You, you now you know what? You, you hyping up your Broncos so much doing all this hoorah and hoopla and you're so happy about beating the Panthers.


Well hell, you finna lose the next two games. Yeah. Don't worry about it. You finna lose. Y'all done lost y'all last two. You, You finna lose the next two games. But we, we played, we played really good teams that we lost to. There's a difference. The Patriots good. You talk about way at the beginning of the season, you Did y'all lose a wind against the Patriots? It's a simple yes or no. Yeah. But y'all, yeah. What y'all Finn lose the next two though? Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Why you wish bad on us? I'm Not wishing bad on you. I'm just, I'm just being real. I'm just being realistic. Oh, now all of a sudden you wanna be real. I've been ask you to be real early. You wanna be real now. Hey, Sean p said, I was just brutally honest.


Folks gag. He said, that's not a good offense. Hey, see, any other coach would've said that they would've jumped on him if a player had said that they would've jumped on him. But Sean Peyton says, and tell the truth about the elephant in the room is crickets. They not good. I mean, we know that You're not supposed to say it though. It was a coach. I mean, hey, the thing is that kind of started our rivalry in Pittsburgh. I said that in the first game we played Pittsburgh in old three River Stadium. Right? And we shut 'em out my first year in Baltimore. And I said, that might be the worst team, worst Steelers team I've seen in my life. Coach Kyle was said, he shot back and said, Hey, you tell him to worry about his own team and we'll worry about our team.


So that kind of started the Steeler Ravens rival. Yeah. Because that's when we know we started getting into it. I started, you know, pleco and I went back and forth From homes. So Goddamn pl Broncos are five and three. Another team, my co-host is three and five, five and three, three and five. Hey, I, I bet, I bet one thing I I I got another, I got a side bet on top of the other bet that double or nothing. I don't wanna bet. Hold On. I bet the Bengals finished with a better record than the, than the Broncos. I tell you what I'm betting right now. I I I bet that I ain't betting you no more.


You know what? I'm gonna bet. What? You know what I'm gonna bet, what? I'm gonna bet the look on your face when y'all don't make the playoffs. Y hey, y'all ain't making the playoffs either. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait, y'all ain't finna make the playoffs either. So what's the difference? Who Said, I remember a team saying the a FC runs through us. I don't remember anybody on the Bronco side saying the AFC run through us. Oh, who, who said that? Who said, I dunno. Hey Chad, do y'all remember? Do y'all remember somebody saying the a c runs through Cincinnati? Who said that? And I said, I ain't never seen the team talk so much. Went to the Super Bowl one time. They didn't win, but they did go give them kudos for that. They went, I say when y'all start talking so much, I don't know sha when they start talking so much, they ain't want nothing.


They ain't want no Super Bowl. They ain't got no mvp. Hold on. So because we we ain't got no MVP and we ain't got no Super Bowl. We can't talk What y'all talking about Football? What? Just about just about the a FC coming through the A FC North coming through Cincinnati. Nothing goes through Cincinnati Ocho Well, I mean that Amtrak don't even go through Cincinnati. Not this year. That ain't what y'all said. You said the A FC The, the A FC goes through Cincinnati. Yeah, that's what you said. Listen, sometimes That is what you said. That's what somebody said. Yeah, Somebody said that. That wasn't me. I mean, we, we having a bad, we having, you know what, I'm not even gonna say we having a bad year.


We having a bad year. But things can turn around. There's a lot of you do, you do realize there's a lot of football left to play right. Oh, you make it seem like there ain't a lot of football. So you so the only, only the Bingos got a lot of football left to play, huh? No, I mean, but listen, the, the pendulum is gonna shift anyway. The Bengals are gonna start improving and the Broncos are going to be, it's gonna go the opposite way. Watch. 'cause you, you, you getting a little too hype a little too be, you know, besides yourself, you know, whoa, whoa, whoa. De Sean Payton and Bo next. But you'll see and I, Hey, I'm, I'm rarely wrong when it comes to my, when comes to my predictions. Rarely you Wrong. Alright. Right. You'll see, I mean, y'all go to the thing and then y'all call, y'all be being disrespectful.


Burrow head, I, that's Aaron Head. Really? The fans made that up. But the fans made that up. Made up. No, didn't Y'all were saying it, y'all were saying it after y'all beat him in th in in our head. Yeah. The fans, The players. Nah, nah, I don't, I And then, and then my homeboy knocked fire from y'all. Oh. Joe Burr got a winning record against Patrick Mahome. Yeah, yeah. Lamar Jackson got a winning record against Joe Burrow. And he Does. He does. He does. I I can't deny that. Those are facts You can't deny. Why would you want to? It's all good.


Look here man. Eat that Skyline Chili. What the name of that chili is? Jordan. Jordan from Cincinnati. Skyline. Skyline and Gold Star. Gold Star. That's all y'all got Chili dogs. It's all good. It ain't all good. Listen, get the jokes out now. Jokes out now laugh now. Yeah. You've been thinking but on, you've been thinking poop was sweet. I heard you. All right. You'll see, you'll see. Wait till the end of the season. Watch you has a better record and maybe an opportunity to be in the playoffs. It won't be all. I bet you don't worry about us. I bet. I Bet you worry about your own, worry about your own self.


You good? You good? Why don't you love it with a plan coming together? Ain't nothing like a plan coming together. Yeah. When you sit down, you plot, strategize, mobilize, realize, and then all of a sudden that thing start tracking in the right direction. Right. Oh man. Ain't nothing better than that. Mm mm Sorry about that Ocho. Yeah. You good? You good? You good? You good? You good? We, we gonna be all right. Like, I, I feel bad. Like I'm, I'm hurt. I'm kind of, I'm, I'm, I'm more so disappointed the fans of of Cincinnati are frustrated. They upon What y'all been losing for a hundred years.


Hold On you. So you Hold on, hold on. You wanna take these last, you want take these last couple of years and you think that's going to erase what happened in the seventies? What happened in the nineties? Oh, we not, What happened in the two thousands? We not what happened in the 2010s? Really? Ocho Listen, we were, we were on a path and the culture has changed in Cincinnati. Now you, you know that it's a winning culture. Y'all the Bengals. So, so the, y'all the Bengals, the The expectations are high. You are, hold on. It was you that always told me you need to manage your expectations. Therefore you don't. You just, I, I ain't ain't gonna do it. You say let that go. My bad, my bad.


Don't Joe. My bad. My bad, my bad. My bad, my bad. You talking relationships again? He, nah, Hold on. I gotta read. I read the room. Lemme have a little something. It's a little hot in here. I read the room. See, hey Ali, have a have how you don't even have no compassion. You don't know what I'm going through right now. I know what you going through Ocho. Dang. But that, I'm just saying that was triggering On yo, it's the bird in the hand. See if I got a bird in my hand and the wise man comes along, he is say, hey, is the bird dead or alive? The wise man gonna say, Hey, the bird is on your hand only.


You know, because see if I say he's dead, I'm gonna open my hand and let him fly away. Right. And if I say he alive, I'll crush it. Mm. The bird is in your hand. Ocho only, you know, stay with me now. Hey, you know what? I ain't got no pen and paper right now. Man. Stay with me now. That was A good one. I ain't, I ain't got no pen and paper. That was a good one. Fix it. Damn. It's Cool. You got a great, you got a great ocho you got a great situation. Fix it. Yeah. Well shoot, I I I'm blocked so you might need to make that call for me. It's not, it's not clear Because here's the thing, when people say the grass is greener, okay?


What type of fertilizer you use, how often you watering it? See, they don't tell you that. They just say the grass greener. But I need to know the fertilizer that you using. Yeah, I'm, no, I also need to know if you using a post emergent or a pre-emergent, so are you killing the weeds after they grow? Are you killing the pre before they grow? See, I see that's the farmer coming outta me. Oh man. I'm just saying, I just need to know. Right, right. But listen, I, hey, it's it, it's gonna, it, it's gonna have to be a team effort to get you laughing, boy. Be a team effort. Hey, hey, I tell you no, lie Me out got rail real.


Hey. Yeah, I'm, yeah. Shit, shit. Damn. Hey you, hey, you better, you made shit. It look like you stayed on a dungeon or a basement or something. Oh. But you better get your, Hold on. I'm in Houston. I mean. Oh, okay. Right. I I came to a day party at, what's it called again? Chapman. At Chapman and Kirby. So I didn't wanna leave Chapman and Kirby and try to rush back to the hotel to get to my room. So they let me sit up in the back. So I'm still, I'm still here. Lord, that mercy. Hey, I'd have been on, I'd have been on a, what you call, I'd been on flight back trying to try fix that. Oh, I can't because I don't know.


I don't, I'm just saying, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm blocked. I, I don't, I don't know to do Look here. That's one thing about you ocho you a wise man. The one thing I know about men, they can figure it out. And you know what, you know what I can't do though? And I, I can talk to you and chat. You know, like, remember how you say if you, if you live publicly, if you live it publicly, you break up publicly. Yeah. So, so it's okay. See, I can, I can deal with that though. I can deal with that. The stove. Take your, take it offline. Hey. Oh, the stove is hot. Boy, I, I don't, I can imagine The stove is hot. All I'm saying is I don't as long did she say don't call her no more? No. Okay. You good?


Because anytime a woman tell me don't call, don't worry about it. Block, erase the number. Oh no. You'll never get me for stalking. Nah. Oh, I don't play that. So be choose wisely. Don't don't. If you ever tell Shannon Sharpe don't call you again, you ain't gotta worry about osha. You, you ain't just hear me. Huh? I, I know Ocho Look here, The stove, the stove is hot. There's no point in touching the stove. If it's still hot. I gotta let the stove cool down. Ocho, look, at the end of the day, if two adults, y'all both grown, you can get into a room. You can figure it out if that's what the both of y'all want.


So I'm gonna let y'all, I'm gonna let, I'm, I'm gonna let y'all, I'm gonna let y'all handle that. You know, I thank the world of both of y'all. But y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all can figure this out. Why Don't you do me a favor? What? Why Don't you be the moderator? You laughing because hey, ain't no, ain't no ain't that shit ain't funny, man. Shit. What? That shit hurt. What? Yes, but here's the, but here's the thing, Ocho, here's the thing. Give it a give it, give it a day or two. Let her calm down. It's fresh. It's really fresh now. But you need to stay offline. Both of y'all need to stay offline.


Whoa. I, that's the per, that's All I do is tweet normal. I tweet football. That's it. Both of you stay offline and, and next time, if this thing is to be repaired, keep it offline. Y'all don't have to be so public. That Wasn't me. Yeah. Shit. Yeah. You ain't have to be so public and you might be watching shit. Well, man, look here.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling Listen to Against, the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, James Brown, BB King, Miriam Maba. I shook up the World. James Brown said, say it loud. And Akia said, I'm black and I'm Proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in the heart of Zaire Africa. Three Days of music and then the boxing event. What was going on in the world at the time, made this fight as important that anything else is going on on the planet. My Grandfather laid on the ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself out. Welcome to Rumble, the story of a world in transformation, the sixties. And prior to that, you couldn't call a person black. And how we arrived at this peak moment, I don't have to be what you want me to be, We all came from the continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali, foreman and the soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Carrie, champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture. Up. First I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear the noise. I just come here to play basketball Rekindle day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is A joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondents and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy. Media I. want to tell you about my podcast? waken Jake, it's your go-to spot for anything and everything. Sports, baseball, football, basketball, hockey, golf, college, whatever's hot in the street. We're talking about it on wake and Jake. So if you're a diehard fan or looking for the latest buzz, we've got you covered. No matter your favorite sport, we're breaking it down with the passion that'll make you feel like you're in the stands with us. Plus, we've got a bunch of guests, foolish Bailey, jolly Olive, Chris Rose, and more mock drafts, rankings, whatever you want. It's the sports world. And come on and join our friends in the waken Jake family. You will not regret it. So new episodes Monday and Wednesday. You can watch along on the waken Jake YouTube channel or listen to waken Jake on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


Ah, the Cardinals spoil towards do for return, huh? The cardinal with the last second field goal down 14 caliber Murray in the cards. Come back to win 28, 27. The Dolphins failed to two and five, but the offense, they look drastically different with the team and have four weeks without their quarterback. The offense at average, 10 points without two. They scored 27 today. They defense not good. What? The Dolphins defense ain't never been good though. That's the thing I I know. They got, you gotta go way back to the no name. To the no name or, or the killer bees or something. But you know, way, way back in the seventies. Hold on. Now they Have, we have good players. We have Jalen Ramsey hollering is good.


Like we just don't have a a a, a solid group that plays well altogether. Y'all need to get, y'all should have kept Christian Wilkins. And who do we get? We got, we got Chop, we got Chop Robinson, right? Yeah. Here we bring a knee, knee tackle in. Who's the D tackle we brought in? But a lot of your guys remember Phillips, Achilles? You got Chu he tore he towards a CLI mean you had a lot of injuries on your defensive line. Okay? You re you, you know, you resigned Ram Great, great edition. Yeah, but Xavier Howard's gone. Yeah. You, you lost some guys that were key contributors.


And I don't know if Chubb is back. I don't know if Phyllis is back because they got those injuries happened so late in the season. Ocho Yeah. Take a little time to get back. Yeah. Yeah. But 2 28 or 38, 2 34. One touchdown. He ran the ball 25 times for a buck 50. So you average six yards of carry, but two or fumble three times. He lost one Jackson. So y'all had you, well you, you recover the ball, but y'all gonna have to get better defensively. Ocho Yeah.


Y'all gonna have to get better defensively. And if we don't get better defensively, that mean all offensively. I'm talking about we simply, because I'm from Miami, obviously I grew up a Dolphin fan, but if we don't get better defensively, offensively, they have to be that much better. No different than the jet situation. Yes. If Aaron Rogers playing bad, the support has to be much better than Aaron Rogers is playing. Same thing for the dolphins. Kyle Murray 26 to 36, 3 0 7 2 touchdowns. He had two receivers go over a hundred yards tight end, you know, national tight ends day is a thing because the tight ends went haywire today. Yeah. Tight ends went haywire today.


He saw Kittle. Kidde went crazy. What did he finish with? Oh, Kyle Pitts went. Kyle Pitts went crazy. McBride went crazy. La Porter went crazy. A lot of tight ends had did their thing today. McBride nine buck 24. Marvin Harrison, Jr. Six for one 11 in a tub. Yeah. Wilson has a five for 31 in a tub. So the cars look, look really good today. They didn't run the ball great. Average two yards. About three yards, about three, three yards of carry. But it was enough. But K was sensational when he absolutely had to be. And you see what happened.


Yeah. So Cardinals win 28, 27, 4 and four in the NFC West. That division gonna be very, very interesting because Seattle got thump, but they're like right there. Now if the 49 ERs can get some of their guys back, Ocho, that's gonna be a very, very, very, very, very interesting division. Oh yeah. The Buffalo Bills delivered a decisive 31 10 went on the road over Seattle. Josh Allen tossed a pair of touchdown passes. James Cook rushed for two scores. The bills never trailed in the game and posted a season high 445 yards on their way to a third and consecutive victory. Buffalo's defense limited Seattle to season lows in scoring and yardage.


233 total yards and 32 yards rushing. Seattle dropped their fourth game in the last five. Damn. Damn God damn. Josh. Josh, Josh was balling today. Boy, As long as he doesn't turn it over. Yeah, they don't have a chance because He could do, he threw his first interception he could pick. He he threw his first interception. Oh, His first pick. His first pick this year, ain't it? Yeah. Yeah. In his last 300 something something. I may, I might be home. Yeah. James Cook, 17 cares for a buck 11, two tubs. They ran the ball 34 times. 1 64, they passed it 34 times. 24 34, 2 83, 2 touchdowns won interception.


But he, he, it's his legs man. Yeah, because you know, he could take off ocho he could take off and, And and they they got design runs for him too. Yes. Yes. Gino was 21 or 29 2 touchdowns. No, no touchdowns. One interception. Not a bad touchdown interception ratio. But the 17 carries for 32 yards. Yeah. That puts a lot. Well you can't run the ball. That puts a lot of pressure on your quarterback to just drop back there and try to throw, there ain't been a whole lot of guys that can just drop back X amount of times. Yeah. And throw you to a victory. Especially consistently. But Buffalo looked really good. There's six and two clearly since the top, the A FC East.


Right. The 49, the Seahawks are four and four very tight. I think Arizona is four and four and I think the 49 ERs are four and four also. Right. And the Rams hell might be four and four. Everybody might be four and four. That damn division. Okay. Rams are three and four. Okay. Three and four. So everybody's right there. Hold the look. Yep. Ocho. Yo, what Happened? I just need to know who, who keep making these statues so that way I can make sure he don't touch Goat James. I don't know who the hell that is right there. Ocho man. Who is that?


It's not that bad is on, Hey, I don't know. Listen, That might be D Wade Senior. I don't know who, I don't know who is responsible for that, that that full, that that statue. But the face, how could you not get Yes. How could you not just look at examples before you made that? I Think somebody lied. Somebody talking about, oh, I, I'm a sculptor. Because you know how Ocho Ocho you know how people be doing that sign language? Yeah. And they be just be doing all kind of things and they ain't be saying nothing. That's sculptor. I don't know what he, I don't know who told him, Hey, He must have been a sand, he must have been a sandcastle as a kid Because They ain't know what man, come on Ocho.


That didn't even look bad. Look, Sorry. It looked, it looked nothing like him. It was bad. Congratulations d Wade. Look, I, I don't, I don't want to, you know, congratulations well deserved Wade County. Yeah, but that don't look like D Wade. Did you see, you saw D Wade reaction? That was my reaction. I'm like, who is that? If I tell you what Ocho take that three Miami heat jersey off and just poll everybody who is this statue of, I guarantee you not one person would be able to tell you. That's D Wade. That's criminal. Yeah. That that wasn't done. Well it wasn't done. He ain't gonna get no more work. Yeah, I'm, and you know, whoever did it, I I was just gonna say that I know he feel bad.


I know. No, he, he should, he shouldn't feel bad because he saw it before he even revealed it. He should have never turned that in. He should have never turned that in. They should have got the guy that did the, I think his name is Blair Boswell. He does a lot of the bus for the Hall of Fame. Right. That's who should have done it. Yeah, because I don't know Ocho, this is the wood version obviously they give you a wood version and they keep look at them. The part, Everything I got down, I got a cut, I got a cut up under my right eye.


Right. They got the cut on that too. Yes, absolutely they did. You see I got the Fame, they got the waves of that thing all, I don't know. You ain't got no waves but, okay, go ahead. I ain't got no waves now, but I had wave. They took it off the picture. I don't know man. I'm looking at that thing because when I, I'm like, who is that? Right? I think that might be the one, I think that might be the same guy that did Dr. King's monument up in DC He don't need to get no more work either. You know what, You know what's funny? You probably won't remember this Christiano had a statue.


Yeah. That was made horrible. It looked nothing like I saw. Yeah, I remember. Remember you remember that? Oh, it's Horrible man. That thing looked terrible. It did, it did Ocho man. Hey I think these people, I think these people lying. Ain't no way. Ain't no way that man looked at that. Looked at that said man that look like deep man. Yeah, no. And he gonna talk about some hands. He say, we really try to, you could had no hands on there but have it look like me. Right. As a matter of fact, gimme pause, just make sure the face is right. That's it. That's all that matter. That's all that matter. Especially when you comes to a statue. The whole point is to get it as close to the actual person as possible.


And they went, they all the way off. They ain't close. Yeah. Yeah. So who, who, who statue you think was worse? Ocho Christiano. Ronaldo are D Wades. Oh, CNA. Way worse. Oh, they, they might be tired boy, they be tired. Them Three man, good Ocho, they terrible. They, they bad. They gotta be, if I'm d Wade, I'm say, look, just take my head off for the time being Right. And, and until we, till we get that right, do it again. Yeah man. Ima have a headless, Ima have a headless statue. Ain't no way I'm finna leave that out there in front. I don't know what they play. American Airlines, what they call what they got, what they, what's the reason They changed it? They changed the name. I I think I Is it f it might be FTXI could be wrong.


I'm not sure. Yeah man. I was like, oh my goodness. Yeah. That, that was, Yeah That was Congratulations d Wade, bro. Well deserved three championships, the Olympics, everything that you accomplished, the statue was well deserved. So I don't want you to ever think that we taking a slight at you. Nah bro. Nah, That thing don't look like you bro. You know that, you know that. It don't. Now it's time. Last segment of the day. QA and a. Hold On. Lemme use the bathroom real quick. Go ahead. You can start the first question, Matt said.


Oh, the entire game would be different if the Ravens d was legend to catch an interception. The Ravens need to start trading players. Hell, even the Ravens wide receivers were dropping passes. That should be easy. Yeah. I don't know. I, because I I I think was it Bateman that dropped one and I think he said he lost it in the sun. Those, those, those one o'clock games get tricky. Especially when the sun is at a a, a a a, a certain angle. Yeah. It it does, it does get tricky. But you gotta make plays, you gotta make those, you gotta make those catches and normally drop interceptions. They normally come back and bite you in the butt because you had an opportunity to get off the field and you didn't make the play.


And it, it comes down to making plays when the, when the opportunity presents itself. So I'm sure Hamilton is, I mean they're all world safety. He's as good as they that we have in this league. And he won't probably have a easier one and he just dropped it, took his eye off the ball. But here's the thing. If those guys could really catch the alano would be wide receivers of running back. That's what DBS are. Most dbs don't have great hands unless, you know, Trayvon Dig has hands. But he was a wide receiver. He got, he was a college wide receiver that they moved to db. They're talking about the, the Ravens defense. He said the Ravens D weren't allergic to catching interceptions. They probably would've won this game.


Said the Ravens need to start trading players. Hell, even the way Ravens wide receivers were dropping passes. Yeah. That should have been easy catches. I saw the one, the one with Bateman where the sun Yeah. Stumbles in his eyes. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, that's the worst. That is the worst feeling. I hate that Hot slinging slasher said, do you think they should blow it up? I'm tired of just losing blow up. What? Yeah, what they gonna blow up? Hell, it's already a dumpster fire. Hey, who, who's worse right now? The Jet Panthers. The Panthers. The Panthers are worse.


The Panthers are worse. Okay, well Panthers, the Panthers had no expectations. The jet had expectations. That's the problem. The Jets had humongous expectations. Right. And they're not living up to those expectations. Right. Living Up nobody they know. Not even close. No. And that's what, that's what happens. Ocho I mean you fire head and you're like, oh, a spark. Nah, Nah, this ain't on Robert. So this ain't Notel Hackett. Right. I mean although, although I think I thought Robert so had co had be be, was a defensive coordinator well enough to earn the head coaching job.


Right. And this is not about me standing because look, you judge, don't win the losses. That's what it comes down to. And he didn't win nearly enough games. But the, the what the grace that they gave him is like, bro, we have, we have failed you when it comes to a quarterback. Yeah. So what are we gonna do? We gonna go out and get you a quarterback. We they got him a quarterback. Quarterback and it's still failing. Yeah. How is that his fault? Has, has, has Rogers looked any better since the firing of, so has he looked any better? Has he looked any better since Nathaniel Hackett hasn't called plays? No.


So what you think? Absolutely. Should they blow it up? I mean, no, probably not. They'll probably give it, they'd probably get another, another run. Uht probably thinking like hell, I could have stayed in, I could have stayed in Vegas, Vegas fish I been, I'd have kept, I'd have kept a lot more of my money 'cause he, taxes in New Yorkers hit different than ones in Vegas. Different. Different. Hey Tim Lee said Bingos are trash ocho a talent discrepancy between them and the Eagles today. It was insane. Hey, who? Hey. Who said that? Tim Lee. Hey. Hey Tim Lee.


Hey show us some respect. All right. You not whoever that Tim Lee, you not even the Eagles fan show. Show us some respect. Brandon Holman said, I think think once you, I think you said once the Rams won the trade because they got the Super Bowl. If golf wins the Super Bowl in Detroit, what do you think they won? Yeah, I would say, I would say the Rams, it'd be hard. They're both won. But you gotta look at, okay, what else did they get outside of that? So now we gotta look at the picks, right? Because they got a couple of first round picks and one of those picks might have been Jamir Gibbs. One of those picks might have been Jameson Williams. So now Ocho, we gotta look, we gotta project, right, Right.


They got a quarterback for the next five years and they gotta running back in a wide receiver. So what did they get those picks? Because I think they got a couple of first round picks. But it's hard to lose a trade when you win the Super Bowl. Yeah. But if Detroit would've win one and we get Jameson Williams and, and or Jamir Gibbs. Right. But I don't, I don't, I don't think the Rams was. So where, who was the first run?


Do we know who they selected? They got Jamir Gibbs and Sam Laporta. So if they win a Super Bowl, who you think won this trade? O Joe. I think the lines are feeling pretty good. Yeah. And they got Jameson Williams. Wait, hey Jameson, come back next week. No, week after next, huh? Yeah. Okay. No, they put up 50 50. They put up a 50 burger today, man. 50. Yeah. A fidget piece. It's not, it's not a video game. This ain't Madden F Shannon. Time to consider Sean Payton. It's Coach of the Year winning record with the rookie quarterback and the average roster.


I can't say you're wrong. If you're right. He keep up, he keep going like this Ocho, ain't nobody had this. You right. I can't, you know what? I can, ain't Can't, ain't nobody, ain't nobody had this. I no, no one. I can't even argue with you. But it's, it's too, it's too soon to be thinking about Coach of the Year. Stephanie Warfield today, Slayton Daniels and the Commanders won the game with a Hail Mary during your playing days, do you remember your team winning an Epic game? Yes, we beat we beat the Washington commanders. They were in the commanders then. Obviously they were that team. Rod Smith called a Hail Mary on Darryl Green.


For Real? He did a three. Oh we did a three by one. Put Rod Smith backside by himself. Right. They left Darryl Green over there by himself. John threw a jump ball. Rod jumped up over the top of him and caught it. Yeah. As, as a, As a rookie huge Height discrepancy. See? Yep. So yeah, we, I, I, I don't, I don't. So I have, we have won a game on a play like that. I don't recall this one in any, any plays on Hail Mary's. Terrence G What are y'all thinking about? Stevenson did. Stevenson did his job. He was the one who batted the ball.


Ocho you said that was his job, right? No Bat the ball down. The Ball down Down. He's supposed to had a been in position to do this. He came from the side. He wasn't supposed to be in the side. He was supposed to be in the trail. Terrence, I get it. That's your team. He Messed up. He messed up tc the trucker said, Hey uncle. No. Cho, what do you believe is the most important lesson sports has taught you about life and how do you apply those lessons in your daily lives? Wow, that's a good one. Sports is a microcosm of of life in society because you're bringing a whole lot of people together.


Different backgrounds, different races, different socio socioeconomics, different religions, maybe even orientations for common goal


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind, Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast Against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against, the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, James Brown, BB King, Miriam Maba. I shook up the world. James Brown said, say it loud. And Akia said, I'm black and I'm Proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in the heart of Zaire Africa. Three Days of music and then the boxing event. What Was going on in the world at the time made this fight as important that anything else is going on on the planet. My Grandfather laid on the ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself out. Welcome to Rumble, the story of a world in transformation, the Sixties. And prior to that you couldn't call a person black. And how we arrived at this peak moment, I don't have to be what you want me to be, We all came from the continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


I am Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear them noise. I just come here to play basketball every rekindle day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondents and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show. Heres edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy. Media I. want to quickly tell you about my podcast? It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for about 30 minutes I dive into three topics in Major, League, Baseball that I am interested in. Breaking stories, trends, stats, weird stuff. Sometimes I make up my own stats, sometimes I do a lot of research and it ends up I was wrong the whole time. So that's something you can get in on. Use Jimmy's three things podcast to stay up to date on Major, League, Baseball. And to make you just a smidge smarter than your friend who's a baseball fan. You listen to me and then you go tell him, Hey, I know this and you don't. So I make you smarter than your friends. That's what Jimmy's three things is all about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast. You could also find it on the Talking Baseball YouTube channel and new episodes drop every Tuesday.


You have to get along with people. You have to problem solve with people because every day is not gonna be great. And, and and and you know, when working in close proximity with people that you know, you deal learn how to get along with people. You find a lot about people. Meaning some people that you think you wouldn't have anything in common with. Right? You find out you have the most in common with. I wish people just, you know, took time to get to know someone. Now we don't do that. You know? Oh, you like that? Well, I don't like that. So therefore I don't like you. Oh, you like him? Okay. You like him. I don't like him. So therefore I don't like you. That's where we are right now. I wish we got back to learning and understanding each other, having a difference of opinion.


Right. But now we can't, we can't even have that. Yeah. We can't. We can't even have an honest, open and honest conversation about anything. There's so much disinformation that's going around. There's so much, you know, everything is so politicized. It's just, it's just hard now. I think for the most part, Ocho with the way it's going now. Yeah. You see more and more people in sports and locker rooms talking about politics. Yeah. Talking about religion, talking about things that was never talked about in the locker Room. No, no, no. And, And but, but that's, that's where we are now with Joe. Go ahead. I mean, politics is one of the, one of the things that I, I like to stay away from.


'cause it's a never ending debate regard, depending on who you're talking to. And I don't like the fact that people, they, they splint is friendships when you don't, when you two don't align with the same thing. Yeah. Some democratic, somebody's Republican, oh, well you're a Democrat. You know what? Well, I ain't talking to you. You know what I I I don't have respect for you anymore. Or you Republican. And it is the same way you can, you can agree to dis you can agree to disagree. It's okay. It's okay to have different beliefs. It's okay to have different views on something or whatever the topic may be. Just, just not politics in general. But I mean there's, there's, there's era we are in right now where if you don't align your core values and what you believe in align with someone else, it's a problem.


It's an issue. It's, we're all not gonna feel the same. We're all not gonna feel the same way. We're not, we're all not going to like the same stuff. And that's just the rea the reality of life. Yeah, It is. And now because it's become, I mean it's no longer like you have to pick a side. Yeah. You are like, I, no, you gotta, you gotta stand with something. You gotta stand with one or the other. Right. I just hate, like, I don't look, I might not agree with what everybody's stance or this or that, but hey, it's your right to your opinion. The problem that I have is that when we have a stance or an opinion, they say stick to basketball or stick to football.


Shut up and dribble. Right. But when they have it, oh, that's great. Let's have them all. Let's hear their side of it. I got no problem. I got no problem. I might not agree with what Harrison Buckner said, but I didn't hear anybody say he should shut up and kick a football. When John Stockton said what he said, I didn't hear anybody say that he should shut up and drove a basketball. That's my only thing. If you're gonna allow them to say what they wanna say, please allow LeBron. Right. Allow kd allow those others or whomever it may be to say their peace. That's it. Right. Freedom of freedom. You know, the first amendment right is colorless. That's how I feel about that.


But hey, to each his own JP whatever Rico ELL was signing failure and stuff. Pregame despite report said he was sick as hell. Does this give more juice that Zeke is Jerry's favorite and favorite by Jerry in their own, in the owner room? Look, I mean, if he's sick, I mean, when he's six, I mean they had his ass standing on the sidelines. So he, I I'm trying to say like sick because normally like when they, when you're sick OCHO Yeah. They don't want you getting around the team 'cause they don't want you to get anybody else sick. Right. Sick. Yep. But if I'm not mistaken that like he was on the sideline, wasn't it? So he was so I maybe he had a stomach something.


But even if you're a stomach bug, I don't want that to, you know, to, to infest the team. Right. And then get somebody else sick. Right. So normally when somebody's sick they're like, okay, you go home. I don't even know what, maybe he got sick Saturday night, maybe he got, you know what I'm saying? Or something like that. Or Joe. So without me really knowing, but normally when guys are sick, they don't want you around the team 'cause they, because you're in such pro close proximity. Yep. They normally try to keep you isolated. 'cause they don't want to get everybody else sick. Eric or, or man, y'all got these names. I don't know. Mr. Sharp was that last trip. Pi, what technical changes do the cowboys need to make to turn things around?


ps Ocho you said can't see me in fifa. You said there were no, I asked you that earlier, early on the show. What change can the Cowboys make? You said there is none. 'cause they don't have the personnel. Okay. That's the only thing you can do. What was the That's the only turnaround they gonna do. They do nothing else. They got what they got, don't you? Yeah. Yeah. It is. They got what they got you got And you, they're not ocho they're not good. These, I mean think about it. Okay. They lost by ocho, they were down by three scores. Yeah. In the second half they were down three scores. And see what happens is, is that you see making the game when the game was out, reach the thought of outta reach.


Look how Dak played. Right Now people gonna say, ah, Turin dropped the pass that could have, okay, Fred Warner dropped the interception that would've killed that drive. Yep. So I'm just waiting on y'all to say that. So I'm just gonna go ahead, nip it in the bud. When you say Kevon Turpen dropped that pass. Say the same thing about Fred Warner dropped that one too. Right? They're not good. They're not good. They're a one dimensional team. Dak the cd, they can't run the football, they can't stop the run and they don't really gen, I mean the, the, the sack that Purdy got, I don't know what the hell the running back was doing. Your job is to go to the, the hip of the tackle. Right? Where the hell were you going? You didn't go to the hip of the tackle.


You let 13 run right by you and hit the quarterback in the back. Brock Purdy did a great job of holding onto the ball the ball. Yep. That's the thing. I know Bobby t was in it. Woo. Bobby t was in his ass when he got to the sideline. So what the hell are you doing? You go to the hip of the tackle, you close the distance. Lemme tell you something about pass mark. If somebody that did it from the back field, Ocho, what you wanna do is close the distance. Yeah. Because I don't want you to get a running start. Right. I want a, and I know my response. I'm gonna give you one way to go. I'm not gonna have you doing all this right here and you got me doing all this. No. Right. I'm gonna give you one way to go. I'm gonna get to the hip of the tackle. Boom. Okay. Come through me. Right. Come through me. Because if you try to run the field, I'm gonna push your ass on the field to get a quarterback.


An opportunity to step up in the pocket. Pocket. Yep. But I'm not gonna give you a beeline to hit my quarterback in the back guys. Just, I think a lot of times, I, I will say this, God did give me nervous and still when I played 'cause I understood what my leverage was and I understood what he was trying to do and where was I was at a disadvantage. And so I think that's the biggest thing. I think a lot of times guys get in situations Ocho and they panic. Right? I think he panicked. I I'm I'm sure he, he, you know, they have the blockage drills with the dummies. The linebackers try to, you know, rule on it, right? You go to, you go, you go to the butt of the tackle and you make the guy run around you or you make him come through you.


If he tries to come through you, you drop your Hips and you let, you let you, and You press him, Anchor down. If he tries to go, if he tries to go around you, you ride his ass up the field. You give the quarterback an opportunity to step up in the pocket. Right? Ocho there's a video going viral of Trayvon Diggs confronting cowboy reporter Mike Leslie, who was critical of Diggs coverage during one of the Niners touchdown drives in the third quarter. What is Trayvon Digg doing? Digg, what is Trayvon Diggs doing on this play? Leslie wrote on Twitter. Diggs confronted the reporter in the tunnel saying that's what you took from that. You don't know football, you can't do nothing that I do. You can't go out there and do nothing.


Stay in your lane buddy. Talk about these nuts. OO What's going on with the Cowboys? O Joe? Hey, I, I don't know man. I don't know. Especially listen, reporter, reporter tweets, something like that. You know, it's right after a game. The cowboys lost. Players' heads are hot. He hasn't had a chance to cool down and it just, listen, it's, it's, it is, it is an emotional answer from Trey. I can understand his frustrations. I'm sure the reporter understands his frustrations and I mean that, that, that's it.


And a understand us Guys. What you got, what you got? What you got? What you got? Is he not allowed to ask? Yeah. What was Trayvon, what was Trayvon's responsibility on this play? Yeah, you know, he was trying to be funny. He was trying to be funny. It was probably, it was probably, he probably picked a bad play where he was, he might've been out of position, you know? Okay. You know, you know how, you know how reporters do they Oh Joe. They, they, they, they post the, the worst thing to get the, the most interaction. So, so lemme ask you a question. So, so a a reporter's not allowed to ask any questions, only only questions when you play.


Well He is, he is. He is most definitely. So If he, so he makes a play and he asks, how did Trayvon digs make this play? You know what? I wish I could see it. You don't, you don't have you have a picture of it? Lemme see if I could find it. No, hell no. We ain't Finn to show it. Why? We gotta why you can't show it? Oh man, Ojo, he was jogging on the play. Oh, he was jogging? He was really jogging on the play Ojo. Okay. Wait on, on the, on the touchdown on the past the kittle? Yeah.


IIII can't see it. Damn. Where where would you pull that up at? So he can, because we can't show it ocho. Right. Okay. Okay. We, we we already in a bad position. Right. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna find, I'm gonna find it on Twitter. Ash just sent it to you. Okay? Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. And you take a look at that and now you tell me now this is a team Yeah. That's struggling defensively. Now you tell me that effort good enough to get it done.


Okay? Yeah. Okay, I see, I see what you mean. No, no, no, No. Don't say Yeah. Is that effort, you struggling as a defense, right? You tell me that effort. Tell the people what you just saw Ocho. Yeah, He can I can I tell you what he did? Am I, am I allowed to say it? I'm not making sure excuses for him. He was jogging. So the two people closer, closer, the kiddo could make the tackle. That's all that, look at it. Look, look at it real quick. You, you'll see what I mean. I looked At it. Okay. Okay. He Jogging. Okay. Yeah. He, he jogging him, but you know, That's, he's hoping somebody else make the tackle. Yeah. The two that were close. Yeah, I understand what you mean though. Yeah. You, you, you, yeah. You can't, you can't do that.


You struggling on the defense. See, that's the difference. See, that's the difference in winning and losing, right? What a team that's winning. I tell you what, hold on. When Pearsall, when he broke that run. Yeah. Look how Conley block it when Deebo make them runs. Look how they block it. Right. You see the difference? But I'll let y'all make excuses. Y'all gonna make excuses for him and you know, y'all gonna say, well Shannon, if that was such and such, if he was this color, you wouldn't say anything. So I'm gonna let y'all keep doing it. I'm gonna keep let y'all keep making excuses for everybody and they gonna keep losing ocho.


Yeah. Vivian says, can the Cowboys still make the playoffs? Can Sure. They have the ability to Will they? Yeah. Oh, they will make the playoffs. I meant no, that's, that's the better question. Can they Sure. They could. Oh, Oh yeah, sure they could, Will they? Right, Right, right, right. Hey, they they have to turn it around. They'd have to have a complete, I just, it's just a, it's just a bad look. Yeah. It it, it's just a bad, I mean it just, I mean, and I don't think if you go back and think about it, lemme see what the reporter asking.


What is Trayvon doing on this plate? Leslie? He tweeted it. Yeah, he tweeted it. But think about it. He did this after. Hello? How did Trayvon get the, get his phone so quick? So he going straight to ig he going straight to social media to see what's being said or somebody sent it to it? Yeah, Probably somebody, probably somebody showed him in the locker room or something. Oh, Joe, is that not a re is that not a reasonable question man? What, what Dangs doing on this play? Yeah, it, it's, I mean it, I'm just trying, man, these guys bro, bro man, society bro.


Y'all got sports guys, y'all gotta toughen up. Come on now. Yeah. Y'all gotta let people do their job. Yeah. I'm not, not, not not making any excuses for him. You know, I'm just saying as someone who played it, played the game of football with seeing kettles going down the sideline, there are two people that are closer than digs and he, in his mind, I'm expecting him to make a tackle. So I was slowing down. He should, he just should've been going all out. He should've been going all out. Yeah. You see, that's how you get beat. See that's the expect that's, that's, that's our loser thing. Yeah. Because you expecting somebody else to do something Then when it happens, then, so what happens, all it does is make you look bad.


Right. 'cause he's loafing ain't no other way around it just because you expect somebody to do something that doesn't mean that you don't bust your butt. Right. He's loafing. There ain't no other rail around it. Anybody that looks at that, y'all can see, y'all can see what has happened. He's loafing. There ain't no excuse. I ain't trying to beat the man down. But y'all look, y'all take a look at that for the self. We are real Talk about this tomorrow. Yeah. And y'all let me know what y'all think. Do y'all think that Trayvon digs was given the kind of effort that you need to win? Maybe this offers a lot to why they're not winning because maybe it's that type of effort more time than not, that's not being given.


Or should I say that's being given That's that's piss four. That's piss four. And that's why Lord, I, I told, I used to tell my mom all the time, mama, you mean to tell me my mom had the last kid at 25. I said, mama, you mean to tell me you couldn't wait till you was 31, 32. So I coulda got some of this money Ocho with my personality and high wired. I couldn't play with the cats. Yeah. You, You tell the cats don't care nothing about no win. They don't care nothing about no win. They care about clicks. They care about make getting the bag and they get in the bag without having to win. Right. It drive me crazy. It drive me crazy. I mean, he got mad because he loafing.


How the hell you get mad? That's like if I steal something, man, you ain't had to arrest me, the man doing his job. If you was doing, lemme ask you a question. Do you think that, do you think that reporter tweets that if Trayvon digs busting his ass? No wouldn't been. It wouldn't, it would've been nothing to pick at. Nothing to nitpick at. That's the thing. Yeah. Ocho my job is not to give you something to talk about. Right, right. If you give me, if this is what we know about people Ocho, if you give them something to talk about, what they gonna do, Ocho talk about it. Yep.


Keep people out your business. Keep 'em out now. Yes. They're gonna try to figure ish out. Yeah. They're going to even, maybe even make up some stuff. But you know the truth. Come on, dig. You better than that. I know you better than that, bro. You don't want that on tape. You's a bad look because your teammates gonna see that. That's the thing. That's the guys you don't wanna let down, right? The fans. Yeah. I mean, hey, they see what they see, blah, blah, blah. But you don't want the guys in the locker room to see that kind of effort, bro. Come on man. You better than that. Damn.


I hate it, bro. I just couldn't. I I, I couldn't, I couldn't dojo. I ain't gonna even lie. I couldn't. He I care too much. Yeah. I care. I care. I cared entirely too. Fing much. It bothered me when we lost. I ain't wanna see nobody. There wasn't no Kiki keying. I took my black ass home. Why? I wanna be out eating. I don't want somebody to see my face. Right. Hell, I didn't, I ain't go, I didn't really go out when we won. I damn sure wasn't going out when we lost. To do what? To talk about what? Right. Lord have mercy. Come on. Come on guys.


Work with us. Work with us. O BN 23 said Jerry needs to sell the team and hire Troy as the gm. One thing we know for certain the Cowboys will be in Jerry Jones. Jerry Jones probably got that in his estate. The Cowboys cannot be sold. That's his pride and joy. Yeah, absolutely. Next to his kids. Absolutely. Cowboys. Absolutely. That's how he's known. That's how he got on the map because Eric got a lot of guys that got way more money than Jerry, but they're not as known as Jerry.


These kids here. Boy, I wish him the best though. Boy. This, this is who we for. Well that concludes our episode of Nightcap. Thank you for joining us. I'm your favorite. Unc Shannon. Sharpe. He's 85 from Liberty City Pro bowler all pro Ring of Fame, Martin Reef for the Bengals. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. He kind of going through something guys. So show him some love, man. Give Ocho some love man. He he going through it right now. But we love it. We got it. We got it. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. And do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And we thank you personally.


I wanna thank you Ocho and the team at Nightcap wanna thank you for helping us get to where we've got. Make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We have it in stock and if we can't, if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, you can order it. Give us two to five days. We'll get it to you. Thank you for your support. Again, please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's Shea, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We had our newest release, newest release that dropped on Friday. We dropped. I was hell when I was well shirts. I lie for you before I lie to you. Black kn cap hoodies and by popular demand, stay with me now. They're back on a hoodie. And of course our bestseller, the UNC and OCHO ts quantities are limited.


So make sure you grab yours while supplies last. The link is pinned in the chat. 49 ERs beat the Cowboys. 30 to 24 Pats beat the Jets 25, 22 Browns upset The Ravens 29, 24 Jam Winston and his first start Tosses three touchdown. The Chiefs moved to seven and oh there was a 27 20 victory over the Raiders. Who else? The By the Eagles. 37 17, they lost the Texas beat, the Colts 2320 Broncos beat the Panthers.


28 th 14. Sorry guys, we didn't get to the Falcons and the Bucks game, but the Falcons won 20, 31, 26. We're really, really sorry about that. Sorry we missed that. The Cardinals beat the Dolphins walk off field goal 28, 20, excuse me, 28, 27. And the bills go on the road and and beat Seattle by 21, 31 10. Josh Allen. They get the job done on the road. So thank you for joining us for another episode of Night Kat. We'll see you tomorrow night after the Monday night football game. We greatly appreciate your support guys. And again, we're back tomorrow. The Volume


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against, the Rules on America s number one podcast network. iHeart, open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show, ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy. Media I. want to tell you about my podcast? wake waken Jake. I've been a sports nut my whole life and there's nothing I love more than talking about it. If you're a sports fan, waken Jake is the place for you. Covering all the hot topics from the sports world, lot of baseball, a lot of postseason coverage, mock drafts, awards, guest interviews, all of it. New episodes every Monday and Wednesday. Come watch along on the wake and Jake YouTube channel or listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy. Media I. want to quickly tell you about my podcast? It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes, come out every Tuesday and for 30 minutes I dive into three stories in Major, League, Baseball that I want to talk about or I. do a stat deep dive. Sometimes. I, create my own stats. It gets weird. It's now your go to podcast for staying up to date and in the weeds with Major, League, Baseball. No topic is off limits or too small. Bad umpires, great pitcher, catcher, duos, new rules, old rules, Three, things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's three, three things on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974. George Foreman Was champion of the world. Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story Behind the Rumble in the Jungles. It's like a Hollywood movie, But that is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam Makeba, all the Biggest slack artists on The planet together in Africa. It was a big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.