
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources, they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework, The Volume.


This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdown is key to Hoing Vince Lombardi Trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at drafting sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking Sports book. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Most Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Ocho? Yeah, Lord have mercy. Wow. Jerry Jones says he's shocked the Cowboys aren't playing in the Super Bowl. This is a shocker to not to be here Ocho not to have the Cowboys here. Jerry says that also shocked because they may Dak the highest Fame player in NFL history had he not known had he known that he definitely wouldn't have paid d blah blah, blah. I'm just saying what the man say, not what he say. I ain't say it. He say I just read what he say. Why, why, why, why, why, why did Jerry keep, you know, I know, I know. Sometimes people say I'm annoying, you know, at times and, and I I know I can be, but Jerry got me b you know, I'm really not delusional with some of the things that I, I feel and say.


I say things in a joking manner. I think Jerry truly believes this. I think he truly does. I don't think it's an act. I'm shocked that we're not. What are, what are what what are we talking about? You know, I, I don't listen. I, I love, I love the cowboys. I'll say it again. I love the Cowboys. I love the, I love the fans. I love the players that are a part of the Cowboys and they just have one issue. There's one common denominator that has always been in the way on why they haven't been able to, you know, succeed or have success in a very, very long time. It, it, I I don't, I don't know what else I can say that hasn't already been said.


He's shocked. Yeah. You not shocked. So lemme ask you a question. So is this the most shock you've been in since you last played in the Super Bowl? Or was it when you had those 10, 11 promo players? Were you just as shocked when you end up getting upset at home by the Giants? Were you as in shock or when you had Dak and y'all was 13 and three and you lost in the first round? Or what about last year when Green Bay blew the doors off you? So I'm just trying to, I'm trying to understand Ocho the level of sharpness in which he's shocked. Is this the highest of shock? Oh, that's a good one. I like that. The highest of shock. I like that. I'm just trying to figure out, because who had the Cowboys?


Y'all can't stop the run Jerry. You cannot stop the run. Y'all gave up 40 plus points to a team that only won like four games. The Saints, everybody just ran the ball down your throat and then you had false hope. You win a couple of games, you say, we ain't out of it yet. Y'all was out it, you been outta it y delusional and unfortunately, guess what the problem is. Now the fans see like, I ain't fitting be delusional anymore. Right. Let let those players be delusional and they should, the players should be delusional. They should believe that they have an opportunity to win.


They don't ocho Yeah. News broke earlier today that the Cowboys have reportedly had internal discussions about the possibility of trading. Michael Parsons, Dan Cloak climbing cowboys have had internal discussions about the possibility of trading. Michael Parsons CD Lamb tweeted, y'all aren't tired of this every off season, top of the charts. Let's just win ball games. And that's what number 11 shaking my head. You know, anytime something like that comes out, it comes out purposely and it comes from inside the house. Huh? And you know, they only saying it purposely so they can continue to stay in the headlines And try to Super Bowl weekend is supposed to be out the Chiefs and the Eagles and who you see trying to steal the headlines.


But that's how Jerry is. But also try to give him, Hey Michael, wanna stay there? Hey, you gotta take less money if I'm Michael, I ain't taking less nothing. No, not, not at all. No. I'm not taking less nothing. And it, and it, it ain't, it's not Michael fault that you've done bad contracts, that you gave money to the wrong people. Right. Ain't got nothing to do with me. Right. I'm gonna get my money. Hey, this is my first, this is my first bite. Oh, okay. It is like, you know what, this what I hate Ocho. You ever notice you want something? Nah. What you getting? I'm gonna get this right here. First of all, ask you what you want. Don't worry about what I'm getting. I might get me a, I might get me a poop sandwich, but that's not the hero nor it's there. Right. And then when it come out, they want first bite.


No, I'm gonna get first bite of this apple. Get your hand out Then if I'm Micah, this is the first chance you got this big, nice shiny apple. You take as big a bite of that as you possibly can. Yeah. Now when it come down to your next bite of the apple, if you want to take a smaller bite right, go right ahead. But the first bite I need all mine Now, do you think so all of it. Do you think something like this upsets him? Of course. You think so? Okay. Of course. And it should, right? I mean he, you, you would hold on you talking about a guy like this not but the question you again, why?


Yeah. Why would you even think about trading a a young talent like this? Wait, I told you what it was for one, it's, it's, it's for one to grab grab the ear and get the attention of everyone else on the cowboys. I You think that's it? I mean, when is the last time you had a a dynamic player player of this caliber on his rookie contract even mentioned about being traded? When does that ever happen? Ever? It's gonna come out. We'll, we'll get some more information, we'll get some more information. What's going on with, is there issues within the walls of the building? Right?


I don't know. I don't wanna get into speculation. I don't wanna get into speculation or congestion. Yeah. But like I said, it's going to come out and just like everybody with a, I said what it was, I said, look man, people, they, well, Luca, I'm just saying man, when you gotta spend $450 million, 300, what, what is it? Three 50. Right? I want everything gonna be on the up and up and like I said, I I, I know Mike A. Little bit. I don't really know, know him like that. Yeah, I know he's a phenomenal talent. Yeah. Wish he talked the had wish his team could back up some of the talk that he'd be putting out there. But that's, Well listen, if it's issues internally, Micah, I know you're probably gonna see this.


If there are any problems and Jerry wanna play games, you know, putting stuff out there saying it's a source or come, it's coming from up top, Mike, I'm telling you, and you can come on down there, you know, to the Midwest down there in Cincinnati. I I I think the number 11 is the number 11 taken in Cincinnati That I know of. Who, I dunno anybody's ever been 11 in Cincinnati. Yeah. I I think yeah, 1111 is available in Cincinnati and Joe Burrow is, is willing to restructure in any, in any way he sees fit to prove that defense. Obviously we're gonna, we're gonna find ways we're, we're going, Y'all can't pay Trey Hendrickson who's 30 plus. How y'all gonna play a 24-year-old guy? Well, listen, we gonna, we gonna, we gonna sweat, we gonna swap It take, it's gonna take more to sign Michael than it would to Henderson.


Hey, let us do this. Let us do this. I I know what that I, Okay, what y'all gonna do about t Higgins? We go, I I pay t under the table. We better be a big ass table. Look, I, I just like I said, I, I look there's probably some truth maybe have they ha Well also there's sometimes, look, people have discussions all the time, right? And I don't know if this marriage is right for me. She said, I don't know if this marriage is right for her. Hey, we have a day. You have internal discussions. Right? But at the end of the day, you realize the best thing for us to do is to stay our ass together. And probably if the Cowboys are smart, they realize the best thing for them to do is to stay they ass with Michael Parson.


Right. Be all favor guys like that. Don't just go on trees, bro. No. Oh, y'all think y'all just gonna just, you know what, there'll be another one in the draft and we'll get another Michael Parson. No, No, no, no, no. It doesn't work like that guys. So Michael Parson says Derrick Henry should ring chase and leave the Raven to go side with the chiefs. Henry is not interested. Nah bro, I'm not doing that. I can't, I'm playing with the quarterback I've always wanted to play with. Oh yeah man, why you trying to get that man off that team Don't do it. Y'all had a chance to get it. They ain't want, they ain't wanna pay him. Huh? What they say? We couldn't, we couldn't afford it.


Yeah. Eight, what is it? $8 million a year. Man child. That Ain't nothing. Especially not for, not for Mr. Mr. Jones. No. And not for a running back of that caliber, Oliver. Yeah, Look, I just think, look, the Cowboys, I I, and I hate this, that they all were that and this is not the players. This Jerry, I mean talking reckless talking about, you know, he's shocked that they're not here. Right. Jerry, you haven't be, you haven't been to a cha. I can see Ocho if you lost like Buffalo in the championship game, right?


Or you lost like one of these teams in the championship, you know, lost a close championship game over the course of the years. Bro. You haven't been to a championship game since you last won the Super Bowl. Why are you shocked? So you still in the headline? Hey, I, I told you what, what Jerry needed to do, copy with copy when they see them, them two young bulls out there in Philly doing No better cop, Better copy them. All I know is I'm watching the game that I ain't hear no sound. I think they showed on Jeffrey Lure one time. If Jerry Jones in that box, Jerry Jones, how many times you think they gonna show on him? Mocho? Hey, he ain't high f fiving.


He ain't got nobody cleaning his glasses. He ain't over there talking to his brother. I he's sitting, I mean, it's his son. Yeah. He's sitting next to his wife and he watching the game. That's It. You know, the only time, hey, he got him another trophy. How we gonna do his job? You see? Ain't gonna tell what you gonna accomplish as long as you don't care who gets the credit. Mm. That's the problem with the Cowboys because Jerry does care. Right. Who Gets the credit? Who gets the credit? Howie and, and Jeffrey. Lemme take, rephrase that. Jeffrey and Howie. See when you can, when you can, when you can be man enough to admit, admit you made a mistake.


Because he demoted how Roseman Howie swallowed it. His pride ego Chip Kelly took over. Jeffrey Lewis said, man, I made a mistake. Right? Made a mistake. He fired Chip Kelly Howie, you take this job back. Three bowl appearances, two wins. Beautiful thing. A beautiful thing. You can accomplish a lot as long as you don't care who gets the credit Ocho, the 49 ERs have gra granted Deebo Samuels permission to find a trade partner.


This comes after Deebo as the 49 ERs to trade him during the player's exit meetings after the season. It was hard conversation to have with Kyle because of the relationship that we have. But I have to do what's best. I'm more, more than thankful for the night has given me the opportunity of a lifetime. But now I think it's best that we find another team. Hey, you like that Ocho? Yeah, I mean it's cool. I, I understand it, but I, I think about Deebo skillset. I I think about what Deebo Samuels bring to the table and, and how he's such a Swiss army knife and can do so many different things from an offensive perspective. Right. The team, I, I would love his creativity. I I don't think there would be any room for him. I would love his creativity.


And, and in Kansas City, I'm trying to think of another team that, that is very creative. Obviously with the play calling and, and, and putting players in different positions to make plays that there, there aren't very many of 'em. I mean there's no, there's only one Kyle Shanahan, there's only one Andy Reed. There's only one McVay. You know, I I, you know, the McVay's offense would be good for, for a Depot, Samuel, But they got Puka. I know. I I mean doing, doing other stuff, doing some of the other stuff that, that he does, you know, out the backfield in the slot. Right. He can also play out. You know, he's, but That's the thing. You have to understand though, Ocho he's looking at it like, he's like, he just a receiver that I line up outside the numbers and I go do work.


Nah bro, your value is in your versatility. Not everybody knows how to use that versatility. Yeah. That's the problem. That's the problem. If, if you, if you're not, if you're not, oh my goodness, I, if you're not a predominantly outside receiver, know if you, if you are a predominantly outside receiver, there are 32 teams you can go to and get it done. Yes. If you play in a slot, if you can do things out the back field and they can use you in, in, in a multitude of ways. There are only so many teams you can go to where you can be effective and efficient and utilize the right way. 'cause every offense is isn't like that. I just named the three coordinators that I think what would fit a Debo Samuels, you know?


Right. I think No, not not Green Bay Green. Yeah, green Bay, green Bay's one of them West Coast office. But here. Yeah, but Ocho they already, you remember John Jacob said they need the number one, he already got the receivers man him talking about damn it be your own people. Yeah. He got, he got, he got the boys mad. But listen, Sean McVay offense, Shanahan obviously where, where he wants to be traded from, the grass isn't always green on, on the, on the other side. It's not right green on the other side. And hopefully he doesn't find that out. But if you go to the wrong place, you will He'll, because he has to be traded. Now maybe he saw the writing on the wall that a, he had some bad you, I mean he had a couple of bad drops.


Yeah. And like I said, his value is in versatility, being able, you know, he can run back kickoffs. He can do it. You know, he could, you could line him up in the backfield and hand the ball to him. You could throw it to him outta the backfield. He works well. I think he's better in the slot than he is outside the numbers Ocho. Right. But like I said, his value is being versatile and not everybody understands how to use versatility. And so that's, that's the thing. That's my thing that I'm concerned about Ocho and that, you know, I want, I want young fella to eat. But you know, sometimes you gotta be careful. Yeah. You gotta be careful. Everything is, everything. Ain't every, you know, I mean, looking at two objects on the table.


If I post salt and I pour sugar on the table, you can't tell which one is sweetened, which was not until you taste it Careful. I'm don't that between me and you Ocho. That's just between me and you. That's just between me and you. Ocho don't even hear that one. Hey, that was a good one. Right? So, Hey boy, if I pour salt and sugar on the table, table, oh you know, I, I'm using, I'm using it. Yeah. Sometimes you have to, sometimes you have to, you have to learn the hard way, bro. You have to learn the hard way. But you know, he wants to move on. He thinks he can go somewhere and get better use of his talent, his ability.


And I'm not saying that he can't, but, and I, but I hope, you know, when, when guys make moves like that, I hope they do. 'cause we saw Tyreek, he found it out that money can't, by having this cat Ocho Kenny, if hey, he's got Oh, beautiful. You on the water. Ocho got a nice crib. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Plaintiffs. But hey, when you get in your eyes beat out and come playoff time you at the Super Bowl. Because think about it, he, he'd been at three more Super Bowls like, damn. And then you see the way you did things there, right. Compared to way you do things. Now you understand why they went to the Super Bowl and why you don't.


But I just want everybody, I just want guys to be happy. But you know, sometimes you know, you don't realize the situation that you're in is what's best for you. Oh Yeah, yeah. Until you fi until you trick yourself out of that situation, then you're like, hell, I could have stayed over here. Might As well. The Titans are expected to trade the number one pick multiple sources expected Titans to trade their number one overall pick. The brows and giants are obvious suitors all three clubs would, could be active in the veteran QB market as well. Now, if you're the Titans and you trade that pick Right.


You saying we believe will us. Yeah, Basically That's what you're saying, Ocho Yeah. And I hope that, because it seems to me if you trade that number one pick and you're saying I believe we're more, I believe we're more than a quarterback away. And I don't believe these quarterbacks will change my future. That's what that what that tells me, Ocho. Because you think if Caleb Williams, if you think Jayden Daniels coming out and somebody had that pick, they trading it Absolutely not, not for what they've shown Exactly. In college. Hell no. Exactly. And that's, that's my point. I think what they're se the message that they're sending is like, we don't believe these guys can change our fortunes and we're better off dropping down a couple of positions.


Right. Acquiring more draft capital in order to build a roster that way. Okay. That's, that's what that looks to me. Tennessee has the number one pick. Cleveland at two, giants at three, Patriots at four, Jags at five, Raiders at six jets at seven. Carolina at eight. New Orleans at nine, Chicago at 10 Mm. Jets need a quarterback. Vegas needs a quarterback. Giants Cleveland and Tennessee all need quarterbacks. Where as a matter of fact, new Orleans at nine could potentially need a quarterback. Quarterback.


Yeah. Because cars is what about $51 million against the cap. Woo. Lot of money. That's a lot of money. You think the Cap or Joe, you think you'd take a Pick cut? No. No. Dang.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why is it their sleek ad-free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bancorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC. SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. It changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you it, when when you send it, yeah. You're just like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color Edition. It's extremely pink. Mm Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


All right, Ocho, guess what we got now? What we got? We got your spare. We got your favorite segment and we going do this thing GNA in Style. Oh, now it's time for Spill Sinko. Okay, Boy. Alright. Ocho, your first word, we're gonna start real simple. Okay. Real, real simple. Okay. Mardi Gras. Okay. Mardi Gras. M-A-R-D-I space. GRAS Mardi Gras. That is correct. Woo. What's happening baby?


Yeah. Alright, Here we go. Here. Next word is Bayou. Huh? Bayou. Okay. Okay. Okay. Did You see the movie? Yeah, I did Bayou. Wait, wait. With with with, with the woman that I love by the name of Lin Whitfield. Yep. Yeah. That, that's my my girl. Yes. Bayou. B-A-Y-O-U Bayou. That is correct. Your next word. And Dewey. Oh, you got me. And Dewey God Is a spicy sausage made with pork typically used in gumbos and other Cajun dishes. And Dewey.


Huh? And Dewey. Yeah. You, you got me here. You got you, you got me. I'm, I'm gonna have to, I'm gonna have to guess this one. Un un ah, you got me Duy Un duy. I'm, I'm just going, I'm, I'm gonna spell it how it's pronounced. I know it's probably gonna be wrong. Okay. U-N-D-E-W-E-Y-I-I know it's wrong. A-N-D-O-U-I-L-L-E. Yeah. See, I, I'm, you know, it's funny, I'm not, I'm not, I'm might even trying to be funny. That's my first time ever even hearing that word. That's my first time been Hearing. Oh, you never heard of that sausage before? I sw for God, I sw for God.


Well, I got a evil one for you. Ye Beye. Oh. And I, I had a few of 'em at, at at Cafe Duong too while I was there. Beye be Ben. Ben Ben. Beye be the G is silent. I know that. Ben Beye. Oh that's, oh you got me. God damn. B-E-I-N-G-N-I-T-S. I know, I know. I got it.


You was close. Damn It. B-E-B-E-I-G-N-E-T beignet. Damn. Okay. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. And this dish is commonly a Cajun or Creole cuisine that consists of some type of smothered seafood stew served over rice and it's pronounced Tufe. Oh, come on. You know, I don't know but know Tufe is Tufe Tufe tu tu. Now listen, tu Samuel tu he played for, played for Barcelona. Yes. ETO. Yep.


E-T-O-O-F-A-E Etfe. Am I wrong or right? You're wrong. Damn. E It's E-T-O-U-F-F-E-E God. Etfe. Go. I definitely wasn't Finn to get that. The last word is Cajun folklore and Baton Rouge and named after a popular Halloween festival. Okay. Fifo. Fifo. Come on man. You tripping man. Hello. Hold. Hello? Say say it again. Fifo Fifo Fifo. So F-I-F-O-F-I-F-O fifo.


And then it is probably gonna have a weird spelling. It ain't lay like LAY so I'm gonna go Fifo lay F-I-F-O-L-A-I-L-A-I-E-I bet it spelled weird like that. Chris. You was close. F-I-F-F-I-F-O-L-E-T People lay man. Oh, okay. Okay. Now listen. That New Orleans style spelling spell, spell that. That was hard. That that was hard. That was a Ut you look I ain't put in there. Yeah, I would, I would've spelled it B-U-D-A-N. If that ain't it. I Ain't it. Listen, you know what, I would've been much better if I was a part of that culture or grew up in New Orleans.


I would've had a better Yes. Of spelling some of those words. Yeah. Because I, I have Oh yeah. You know, do not spell n fa and Jambalaya. Yeah. Real three of those I never heard before. Okay. Alright on Joe. Now it's time for the get back. It's time for dunk. Okay. On up. Here we Go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Okay. Which NFL team has the longest gap between Super Bowl performances? Which NFL team has the longest gap between Super Bowl performances? Ooh. So from the first time they went until the next time they went Correct.


Which of her team has the, the longest gap between Super Bowl performances, Kansas City Chiefs? That, that, that is absolutely wrong. The answer you were looking for is the New York Jets 1960. Oh, They, they, they ain't been back. Yep. 1969 to 2020 to Never. Yep. Yeah. They ain't, they ain't been back. Hey. Okay, here we go. Who holds a record the most touchdown passes in the Super Bowl? And how many tds notice? This is a two part question. Who holds the most touchdowns in the game or in a career? Super. Listen to me. Who holds the record for the most touchdown passes in a Super Bowl?


And how many tds was it? Steve Young. Six. Okay. Against The, against the 49 against the IIII think I, I, I, I said, Yeah, he said Super Bowl. Who has the most in a Super Bowl? Super Bowls. Sorry. Oh, okay. So Let me let take, let me, let me, let me, let me rephrase this again. Who holds record for the most touchdown passes in Super Bowls. And how many tds is it? And it, this is not that difficult 'cause it ain't, you know. Well, I mean, Brady has the record. Yeah, the Question. Okay. You got ha you got half of it right? So I just need to know the number of tds he has. 14 though. Nope, the answer is 21.


You not that far off though. I'm way off. Okay. Okay. Considering that he only had one touchdown in the first Super Bowl that he threw 20 in the last six. Okay, here we go. Number three. Number three. Which team? Now this, this should be easy too because just based on, based on your history, which teams have the most Super Bowl losses, it's be easy. 'cause they go, these two teams have gone so often. Let's see, the Broncos got four losses. You got, you got one, right? Buffalo has four losses.


I'm gonna go with that. That's what I'm gonna go with, I think for the record. So I'm gonna go with, I'm gonna go with Buffalo and the Broncos. Well actually I'm not sure if my answer here is, is correct, but I have the New England Patriots and the Broncos at five losses. True. You see that? Elway lost. John lost three. Peyton lost one. Broncos lost five. Oh, they lost in 77 to the Cowboys. Yeah.


God dang. Hell yeah. Well yeah. But you doing just about as bad as me tonight, boy. Yeah. New England lost. New England lost in, they lost to 85. They lost in 86 to the Packers. And then Brady lost Two to two To the Giants. Two to the Giants. And they lost the feeling. Philly. Yeah. Damn. Yeah. I'm shooting bad tonight. OY Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You feeling good about that? You like that, don't you? No, I'm just, I'm just saying. You see, now you see how I felt trying to spell those. Those alright. Here we alright. I I'm gonna get this one. I'm get this one. No, I better get this Way. Here we go. Which team has never scored a touchdown in their Super Bowl performance?


This team has never scored a touchdown in their Super Bowl performance. Oh yeah. Never scored. Nope. Never scored. They made it to the Super Bowl, didn't win it and weren't able to get a touchdown. Wow. Yeah, that's a good one. It's a very good one. So that means they kicked the field goal. 'cause I don't think there's ever been a score of zero at the Super Bowl. Right. You say didn't yet to score or a touchdown or score period.


They didn't score. Well no, they never scored a touchdown. Okay. They score. They score, but they ain't score no damn touchdown. Only team I can think of, But I think they scored, they scored, they scored. I know they scored Jacksonville. Never been Carolina scored a bunch of points. I don't know. I'm 40, 35. What was it? Four seven?


I don't know charges. I don't know. Nope. The answer you were looking for is the Miami Dolphins. What you mean they never scored it? They scored the Super Bowl. Super Bowl. This say, Hold on. Yeah, He said a Super Bowl. I I'm racking my brain's like, what? Damn. Hold on. You gotta say a Which team has never scored a touchdown in their Super Bowl performance? This, this Super Bowl performance. This Man Ocho man, you done getting this? Hold on, we you got Like, you tell me. See, see that? See what I'm talking about? See that Miami slang?


Hold on that man, Ms. Slang, you gotta speak clearer Ocho listen, You, you got it wrong Anyway, regardless. Now this, Hey Listen, I, because I'm thinking This, You make it seem like they've never scored in all the Super Bowl they been in. That's how you, that's how you framed it. Hold On. But you hold on, stay with me. I take, I take it. Which team has never scored to sound in this Super Bowl performance? Well, shoot, that threw me off a little bit too, the way I read it. Hold on. I had to go back and look at it. Listen, you, you o for four. Here we go. We got, we we got one more. You ready? I I better get this one, don't you? No, You ain't getting this one either.


You going, you going o for and so if you knew, if you get this one wrong, I mean, I won tonight. You ready? Yep. Which team has the most Super Bowl wins without a single loss? Who Every time they win a Super Bowl, they done, they won. Ain't never lost The most Super Bowl wins without a loss. Yes sir. The Ravens That answer is absolutely correct. That's absolutely correct. Oh, you thought you gonna get o You thought you gonna get o Wait A minute.


Wait, wait a minute. Did I get hip Chance? Wait, wait a minute. Let's not get too happy. Let's not, let's not get too happy. I got two, right? You got one right out of five? Hold on. Lemme see. You got two outta six. I got one more. Okay. You ready? Yeah. Yeah. What was the first Wild Card team to win the Super Bowl? Who was the first Wild card team to squeeze into the playoff as a wild card and they happened to win the goddamn Super Bowl? I'm gonna say, if, I'd have to guess it was an a FC team.


I'm gonna go with the Oakland Raiders beat the Philadelphia Eagles. Okay, you got, lemme get that right now. You got that one right? You Got, Hey, you know I'm ocho know. I'm long on. Okay. Okay. We, So you have Oh, you know, I'm saying, you know, So you gotta pop outta sho. Okay. That was a good one. That was a good one. That was a good one. That was a good one. That was a good one. Oh, So you out though thought you had me? I almost did. I, I, oh, I almost did. I almost, did I, Not only did I, not only did I give you who was it? I gave you the year and who they beat. Right? You got lucky.


Oh, logged on. I will get you, I'm gonna get you ocho we tired tonight. That's, I normally, I normally, I normally do better than this, but okay. Kim, nor, oh, now it's time for q and a Win is a, You pick the Eagles and LeBron is, is is is my goat question is, can Mahomes catch Brady still if they lose? No, no. I think because of the, the, the fashion of which you've gotten beaten these two games for me. Had he won this game, Ocho, I said if he wins, the Threepeat wins another one, five would be enough.


Because in that five there would've been a threepeat. That's something Right? Brady would've slammed the door. Had Brady won that year, they was undefeated. He would've slammed the door and nobody else could have they they couldn't touched. Yeah, but I think just now That's eight. That would've been eight, huh? Yeah, because even, even, even if he wins that one and lose another one, the fact that he want to have an undefeated season. Right. You know what I'm saying? Don't you? Yeah, because I really, the only the, the reason why a lot of people put Mayweather is because he's undefeated. Undefeated. Right. And so Brady would've had gone through an entire season win the Super Bowl. So with that being said, no, I don't think, I don't think Mahomes can catch him.


Torm Blow said, I never wanna hear Mahomes and Brady in the same conversation again. Well, you will because Brady, because ma homeboy gonna be back. Yeah. You you go, you gonna hear it again. Aaron. Aaron Owen says, the trenches dictate the outcome nine times outta 10. That top five defense performance in the su in Super Bowl history. I can't say I disagree with Aaron. They were relentless. Oh yeah. They was ruthless. They hounded him all night and they did it without Blissing. So you don't bliss you don't sacrifice your back in Go ahead Ocho. No, I'm to say, I'm to say the same thing. I'm ready to say say the same thing. And obviously just, just, just watching Jayden Carter and Jordan Davis. I, I can't remember Young Bull's name that were, that were 93 last name, Name Williams man, Mr. Williams boy.


He showed up and showed out the night. Boy. Yeah, Josh sweat, sweat. He showed up and showed out tonight That they, they were they that, that rotation? Nolan Smith, I think the second, I think he's the junior. He got pressure. They, I mean he's undersized, but he did, they did a, they did an unbelievable job. Yeah. This is not about what Kansas City didn't do. This was about more about what the Eagles did do. Yeah. They kept them all. I mean, because for the longest time, Kansas City couldn't do anything on first down. So now that makes it second and 10. Well, that makes it second 11th. So if you go back and look at ocho, everything was third and long.


Well, you're not gonna make a living trying to win ball games third and long. And then on the flip side, KC couldn't get off the field. On third down, we get 'em to third down ocho, but we can't get off the field on third down. Right? Yeah. Hey, that was, you know what's funny when I, when you think about it, I thought I'm, I'm thinking to myself before the game even happened, you know what, this Eagles, this Eagles, eagles chiefs game is gonna be really, really good. Really, really good. And I, I thought that simply because I already had, I had said that Eagles were going to win because they had the better team. And I thought about it. Well, even though they have the better team, Mahome is so great. I think his greatness, he would be able to overcome some of the shortcomings and the struggles that they have offensively they did it all God damn season long.


It was so, it was so lopsided. And it looked so weird when it was 17 zero. Oh. I said, you know what? I said this game was over. Oh yeah, for sure. I was, I was eating, I was eating a early dinner at Tootsies. I landed here, took a nap, I woke up, went to Tootsies. I say I got the Tootsies about five o'clock. Said, you know what, I'm see her, I'm gonna watch the first half of the game, watch the second half. I had my, my whole day planned out. I'm gonna watch the second half at home and get ready for Nightcap. But when it was 17, zero, man, I left. I left pictures. I said this, I, I left the, I said, this game is over for the simple fact that even though Tom Brady was able to comeback when they played against the Atlanta Falcons 28 3, I said, this ain't that kind of defense.


No. This is a Different kind of defense. This is not that Atlanta. Absolutely. They, The, they couldn't get anything going. They couldn't even get past the 50 yard line. Oh, Yep. You're right. You're absolutely right. I told the same, I called my sister the same thing and told her, I say this was like right before the half. Everything yet was 17, nothing. Right. And I called my sister, I said, they dial 17 nothing. The, the dish went out so she can't watch. She could watch everything on tv except that you, she said, no, call me in the fourth quarter. I said, buck, it's over. I said, this defense is unrelenting. She's like, she had call me the call me in the fourth quarter and hung the phone up. Yeah. So I called her right back. I said, the Eagle just scored another touchdown. So it's 24. Nothing.


She's like, she had, I don't care. So Big Mike said, Tiki barber's going to cry in the car. I get, look, I think sometimes don't show because in the division, you don't want somebody in your division to win a Super Bowl. Yeah. So especially Not somebody that you let go and refuse to pay because you didn't value not just that person. You didn't value the position that they play. Man. Yeah. So I, because like I think Dallas, Washington is their biggest rival, right? I think Philly Giants is the biggest rival in that division. You know what I'm saying? Sir, don't you in that division? Yes, sir. So, and that, with that being said, it is just a short ride. A short Amtrak ride, Philly to Washington and you know, Saquon leaving.


But that ain't Saquon's fault. Hell, y'all should have paid him. Yeah. He'd still been there. And the Eagles might not have been to the Super Bowl, but because y'all did pay it. That's a good one. He ran them and Jalen told them the rest of the way. Right to the bowl with that defense. LI 6 2 6. Congratulations to the homeboy. Jaylen. Yeah. Carter a Look. He, he was doing his thing. But it was those ends. It was Williams, it was sweat, sweat. It was Smith the junior. It was, I forget, I forget what, 97, 97 and 58. What was their name? Ash.


They were a, they were coming. They were coming. I mean, look, they were relentless. They were trying. And I've been a apart, I've been a part of, you know, watching the Ravens in 2000, seeing that up close and personal and see Peter Bo wear and, and Robert Burnett and Big Sam. Yeah. And Keith Washington. And, and, and Mike McCreary just hounded and Ray and j and Sharper just knocking the knocking people and, and, and Heavy Dwayne Stark picking it off. Yeah. Cm Pickett. I seen it up close and personal. I was at Super Bowl 50 when Vaughn Miller and DeMarcus Ware and Malik Jackson, Derek Wolf do took that game over. Crazy. I was there. So I've seen That's a car I was at Super Bowl 48 when Seattle did what they did to Peyton.


Yeah. So I've seen some dominating performances up close. This is, this is equally as impressive.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad-free user interface, enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine HL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast. And it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay. We'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it. Yeah. It was like, do I send the heart now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's Extremely pink. Listen, A lot's to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Elijah Moses. Hey, uncle Ocho with Saquon winning the Super Bowl his first year on a new team. How long do y'all think Joe Sean has a job, dude should have been five months ago. Yeah, that's the problem. Yeah. He should be Ridiculous. And they gave DJ that money, money that didn't work out. You let Saquon go. That didn't work out. Right. So he Dr. He what's the Alabama offensive tackle? He drafted Alabama offensive tackle ent. Evan. Evan what what was his name from Alabama. Like the seventh pick of the draft and then something It it didn't pan out, huh?


No Traded Big Leonard Williams. Big Leonard. Didn't they trade No Giants? That but that they, they he, he's made some, he's made some, some, some bad mistakes. He need every Neil. Every Neil. Yes. Yeah. Self picking the draft and Where, where's where E Neil still playing, huh?


Yeah, he's still playing. I he ain't got no choice. I I they, they mentioned bring him back. But he was a left tackle in Alabama All American Right. Goes to the Giants. No. And, and Dre Jordan says, is Saquon coming to Philly now? Bigger than Moses coming to coming to Win Chip thanks to the New York giants. Moses was the MVP that year. Right. He is also the finals. MVP. But it's comparable. It's comparable. I think Moses was a bigger deal because at that point in time, I don't think Philly had won the championship. The Royals. They did. They had won many, many years ago. But it's very comparable.


Maybe even Pete going to the Phillies and they went in the championship for the Phillies. Right. But Saquon impact, they'll never forget him. He, he ain't got, I mean, but he, I but he's from J he's from Phil. He's from Pennsylvania. Yeah. He, he might be from Harrisburg. Nah, what you call him from Harrisburg. I think Mike's from Harrisburg Is His presence. His presence alone made a difference. Yeah, difference. I mean, think about Ocho, the Giants let Leonard Williams go. They Xavier McKinney go both. Were in the Pro Bowl. That's crazy. Did Leonard make the Pro Bowl? I thought he was upset. He didn't make the Pro Bowl.


I know Xavier Xavier McKinney made the Pro Bowl. He had an unbelievable season. I think he was second in the NFL in picks. But he really hadn't made any moves. The Giants GM that you was like, you know what, I like that move that he made. Right. He was okay. Okay. He was a replacement. The wise guys. TCG respect the respect to the Eagles from Chief's Kingdom. Have no fear. We are young, hungry and have a great setup. We shall be back. Look for the logo in stores near you. Yeah. Love k, love KC ocho Chief's kingdom, the wise guys. TCG you guys built, you gotta, you know, get offensive line. Yeah.


Just like everybody thought they were down or not. When they lost to the ample, they'll be back. They just, they they just gotta, they gotta get better than the of offense. They gotta get better than the offensive line. Don't, Joe. That's it. Gotta get better than offensive line. They, They will be back simply because 15 is that special. 15 is that great? I know a lot of people making jokes because obviously Pastor Home lost a night and obvious the, the Eagles won. Rightfully so. But 15 will be back. 15 will be back. Most definitely. Because you know why they gonna be back. What a FC team can do. What Philly does Exactly.


J Dub from Akron. Patrick. Well, Philly's my homeboy tonight. Those turnovers also. How does it feel sitting a record time sitting record time keeping Stephen a quiet alive on tv. Yeah. Hey, got nothing. I picked them, I picked the Eagles. Everybody knows how I feel about my homeboy, but I just thought the Eagles had the better team. And, and anytime somebody has the better team, it's really, really hard to overcome that. When that offense, when that defensive line is relentless like that, yeah. You can rush for not have to sacrifice the back, back end and you can coach him into turning the football over. He has to do a better job and take taking the football. You can't turn the football over in games like this and you damn sure can't give up.


I mean, the two turnovers. What? No, the three turnovers you gave up 21 points. Yeah. You gave him 21 points. So no, can't do that. Isaiah Lancaster. Unc Ocho. What's bull, what's Burrough's excuse if he misses the playoffs again next season that Sue Bowl will run four years ago, has run his course. Have to update your resume also. Hold on, hold also, what's the best, Lemme talk about Burrow. Why you talking about Burrow? Why, why, why we talking about Burrow? Let the Eagles bask in their, in their, in their, in their, in their, in their celebrations. Right now we, we talk about Burrow upcoming. Well, the Eagles offense and defensive lines are the best talents in football.


I don't know if they're the best history. 'cause you gotta go back and look at the Stevens, right? They got a bunch of Hall of Famers over there. Damn near the whole D line lady. Ray said, thanks guys for putting on a fantastic show in Nola and keeping us highly entertained. Can't wait for the next one. Thank you Laney, for showing up. We appreciate that. Thank you for your support. Dr. Frankie Bella. She was there. As always, it's always great to see everybody that that's been down from day one showed up in Vegas. I mean, doc showed up in Vegas. She showed up in Atlanta. She showed up at Nola. And, and so we appreciate that. We appreciate the support that you guys show us, man. It's greatly, greatly appreciated.


Dr. Frank, there's Frank Doc here. Hey fm. Great Nightcap Nola. Question for you guys. Who's the first brother du in Legacy Hall of Fame? Congrats again to you. Bold. Thank you. Doc St. Steven Bass three 14. Can you share a personal story about you and Sterling when y'all were young and can you give me a birthday shout at to my wife Kristen of 15 years? Kristen, happy birthday. Hopefully you had No, hopefully you're not, if you're a cheeses fan, it wasn't your birth best birthday gift. But if you're an Eagles fan, you got a lot to celebrate. Oh, lemme tell you a story.


He gonna probably get mad. He gonna get mad because it happened. Yeah. We went fishing. We went fishing with my grandmother. Well back then when we were young, she like, all right boys, let's go fishing. It wasn't like he say, nah, I don't really want to go. You had to go ocho. So, you know, my grandma had a, my grandma's fishing. Yeah. And my brother had broke his line. So he was back there in the tackle box, you know, trying to get a hook and try to redo his line. So my grandma wrote, took the pole back and threw it. And he started hollering. And I didn't know why it was hollering. She hooked him in.


I was like, oh, Joe. I mean, how, how? I was like, Bro, why you Hollering? Ah Granny. I granny How did happen? But that was luck. Damn. Boy, boy. Hey, my brother had some bad luck. I was drinking a can since he got me going. I'm gonna tell some more stories. Ocho, I was drinking a grape soda. Yeah. And he had done something to me. So I thought I saw this bee. This little this honey, this, this bee flying around. So I sent the soda down and I just watched that bee like Sugar.


I watched the, I watched the bee go down in the can. Yeah. I said, Hey. I said, spike, you want something? I handed it to him. Hey, you know that thing that hang down the back of your throat? Yeah. That be stung him on it. I was That messed up. Yeah. Boy, that's messed up. Hey, I'm sure he'll tell, Hey, he gonna tell one of the stories that ha at the hall watch. But y'all heard it first. That's a good one. Marelle Stanley said, Hey, hey Nightcap. Love you guys.


I would love for you guys to give a shout out to my big si she passed away from cancer 2 7 25 watching you guys help me a lot. I sat with her in Abandoned Her last Moments. Marzel. Thank you for sharing that story with us Broad. We are so, so sorry for your loss. My condo Nightcap family. I send our deepest thought and prayers and our heartfelt condolences to you and your family. And we're sorry that, that you had to go through this and your family had to go through this. But bro, just remember, Sunshine's falls, rain and she's in a much better place and you got to spend the final moments of her here, time here on Earth, this body with her. So man, thank you for sharing that story.


Thank you for being a, a supporter of Nightcap and UNC and ocho. We send our thoughts and prayers to you and your family. Three six K Lip says what's good, UNC and ocho, the NFL should consider two new conferences with a total of eight new teams, but states that doesn't have one. Like South Carolina, Virginia, Kentucky, Alabama, Mississippi, Arkansas, new England, and Mat. How do you feel about that? No. 'cause those states like their, they like college football and that ain't happening. Yeah, they got it perfect now because you got 32, you got eight, you got, you know, you got four, eight division, you know what I'm saying? Ocho. Yeah. So perfect. I I don't see, I don't see them changing.


I mean maybe somebody moved, but as far as bringing somebody else to make it an abnormal number do and at this point in time, do you know what it's gonna cost to bring a team to the NFL? Yeah. And You talking about probably Ocho you're probably talking about seven, 8 billion. Yeah. There's only so many people that have the, you know, what make that happen there. Absolutely. Gary h says, does this put Jalen in a tear since he's able to beat Mahomes off all things Lamar and Alan can't? No, he's not on. You know, lemme ask you a question. When Nick Foes beat Tom Brady, was he on Tom Brady's level? Yeah, That's a good one. No, he doesn't.


When Eli beat Tom Brady twice, was he on his level? No. No he wasn't. No. Ed asked a lot. Look, he's a pro Bon player. He is an MVP, he's a Super Bowl winner. He gets to work, continue to work on that resume. That's something you could never take away from him. Never. Joe f Flaco winning doesn't put him on a level. Trent diff for winning. There have been a lot of guys that's won Super Bowl. Jalen. Jalen Hurs is a very, very good quarterback. Very good. He's young. I mean, he was 25, 26, he got a lot of football to go.


There might be a time that we have, we have to revisit this discussion, but I don't think right now is that time. Jay 2 1 3 said, Hey, Elcho Kendrick was, is an amazing artist. Not so much of a performer in my opinion. What are some of the best Super Bowl halftime performances? I was there when Prince played Purple Rain in the brain in Miami, in the rain. I was there. I was there. I saw it. Yeah. That is the best performance that I've seen. I was in New Orleans when bur Beyonce performed and the lights went out. I was there. Right. For me, ain't nothing talking Prince. Yeah, I, you know, I I I can agree with you on that. Especially a lot of people wouldn't agree because probably they don't listen to or like Prince in general and don't understand who he is as an artist.


Special, special, special individual man. How you have a signature soul, purple rain and it starts to rain. Not no artificial simulation of a rain, real rain. It actually starts to rain and then you see the silhouette and he's playing. The crowd is going crazy. Got his, got his Really, Dude Yeah. Wrapped up. Yeah. That, that's it for me. And Beyonce. Beyonce in New Orleans when the lights went out.


Yeah, she was sensational. She was sensational. Zach te Teta Chad, elaborate on that touchdown. When you fake mooned the crowd, you did that, don't you? Nah, that ain't, you tried to pull a Randy. It wasn't me. That was Randy that did that. That was, yeah, Randy did that. Oh, he was back today. So, hey Mos, congrats bro. Congrats Mos Congrat on coming back seeing you. It was great seeing you on television again, man, know you've been through a lot over the last several months. Yeah. But your resilience is shown through. Congrats bro, to you and your family, all the, all the best moving forward.


Glad to see you back. Glad to see you back on television. And congrats bro. Congrats.


That concludes this episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join the their Nationwide 5G network.


The Philadelphia Eagles Suffocate Kansas City Chiefs. Yeah. Behind a suffocating defense. And Jalen Hurts timely throws and his legs as they win 40 to 22 over the Kansas City Chiefs to win their second Super Bowl in eight years. Jalen Hertz was the MVP and deservedly so Kansas City failed to win their third consecutive Super Bowl to do the three-peat. So we're gonna have to wait and see if somebody else can put three great seasons together in order to do the three-peat. But unfortunately it didn't happen tonight. Nope. Because the better team won the game.


Philadelphia Eagles, the 2025 Super Bowl champs. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And thank you guys for your continued support. Thank you guys. All you guys that showed up in NOLA for the live show. Thank you guys that's been supporting us from 20 23, 24, 25. Hopefully you stay with Uncle Ocho 26, 27 and beyond. We greatly, greatly appreciate your support. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We have it in stock and there's a lot to be celebratory for.


What better way to celebrate Eagles your victory than with a bottle of shade by La Porter. If you can't find it in a city or state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to you. Please. D Drake, responsibly and Philly, stay safe. Make sure you go follow my media company page on all of its platforms, Shesha Media and my clothing company 84. We just restocked everything. Use code Super Bowl for an additional 10% off. We've also dropped beanies in every color and we've introduced gift cards available from 25 to $500. Take the guesswork out of it and let someone special pick exactly what they want. The Eagles defeat the Chiefs 40 to 22 and win Super Bowl 59.


Saquon Barkley leaves the eagle, he ran them to the Super Bowl, but it was Jalen Hurs and that defense that took it all the way that finished the job off. So the Chiefs come up one victory short of the three P, but hey, the better team. There was no no calls and all that other stuff. I'm glad that was put to bed. But the Eagles were the better team tonight and they beat the Kansas City Chiefs by the score of 40 to 22. And Jalen Hertz wins his first Super Bowl MVP. The Eagles win their second Super Bowl in eight years and deservedly so. So that concludes this episode of Nightcap. I'm up. He's Ocho. We will see you later.


The Volume.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources. They've got you covered or perhaps is the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com we've done your homework.