
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn Up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the Wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


You can count on T Mobile to help keep you connected From big cities to small towns on America's largest five G network. Switch to T-Mobile. Keep your phone, and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch Up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption. required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


What's popping? And Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's A whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Black Friday football on Prime is back this week. The Raiders and the Chiefs into the end zone. Unbelievable Catch. an old school rivalry for a new game day. firing Downfield stream for free. Only on Prime. Great move Black Friday Football Raiders versus Chiefs kickoff at three. PM Eastern Pregame at 1:30 PM Friday only on prime restrictions. Apply c amazon.com/watch. Black Friday Football For details.


The holidays are here at the Home Depot. So let's get to decorating Find Your. Perfect Tree in our huge assortment of shapes, sizes, and styles. Like the easy to assemble. Jackson Noble Fur with pre-lit branches perfect for styling with all your favorite ornaments Or. the flocked Starry light. Frasier fur With. over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that keep their shape so it's ready right out of the box. Ooh, find the Perfect tree now at the Home Depot. and enjoy free delivery on most holiday decor Subject to availability. See home depot.com/delivery. For details tales.


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New draft King customers BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


As a former NFL player, I know a thing or two about high performance and that's why I drive the BMW seven series. This car has everything I need is big enough, comfortable enough, and luxurious enough to meet even my high expectations. When I'm behind the wheel of the BMW, I'm not just driving a car, I'm driving legacy. What I love most is the precision engineering, cutting edge technology and unmatched style. Whether it's spacious interior, the powerful engine, or the smooth ride, BMW makes sure every detail is on point. I trust BMW to deliver the ultimate driving experience and I know you will too. So why wait. Head over to BMW usa.com. Check out models like the sporty X three, the all electric I four. Build your dream car today and join me in experience in luxury and performance that only the ultimate driving machine can offer.


Oh, so four people were arrested in an investigation by the California Department of Insurance. Revealed that they allegedly used a life-sized bear costume to stage attacks on their vehicles. In attempt to secure six figure payouts, the suspects have been charged with insurance fraud and conspiracy. The alleged scam costs three insurance companies $141,839. In January. The suspect claimed that a bear had entered the 2010 Rolls Royce ghost and caused interior damage while it was parked at Lake Arrowhead. A region in San Bernardino mountains. Right. It's known for its large black bear population.


The suspects provided a video, sorry, video footage of the alleged incident. The video shows yo first figure The backside door climbing around in the backseat, crawling out, leaving scratch marks on the leather seats and the door. Upon further scrutiny of the video, the investigation determined the bear was actually a person and a bear costume of official said Detective founds. Two more claims involving same suspect from the same date location, but involving different cars. A 2015 Mercedes GG 60 3:00 AM G, and 2022 Mercedes E three 50.


The department had a biologist from the ca ca, California Department of Fish and Wildlife Review the alleged bear incident video. Right. They opine is clearly a human in a bear suit. The detectives execute a search warrant and filed the bare costume complete with fur, a fur snotted head falls, metal tools for the shape of claws in the suspect's hole. ocho Is that what we have resorted to ocho? Hey, I'm trying to figure out what bear costume can you get that looks real enough to be to even, to be able to even pull this off.


But OCHO help me here. ocho, do you see the cars? They're messing up a Rolls Royce, But that's the only way to get the money. Huh? That's the only way to get the money they talking about. Okay. You know, you, you ain't finna get no money if it's a goddamn Toyota. But you, but if if, if you got those kind of cars, you obviously got money, right? Yeah. To be able to do that. Yeah. But you know, frosts don't think about that. They don't, Frost Don't think about that. They, they, they just know in order to get the type of money in the, the in for the claims that we're doing a bear a bear. Come on. Huh? What you doing with that type of car anyway? And and driving it out there in that area That don't even make no sense.


I That's You got a land, you got a a a what? They got what? A a TA tundra or something like a pickup Truck type. Any type of truck. You know, any type of truck. Yeah. S suv, all terrain. You ain't got no knife ass cars like that. I I don't know. I guess. I guess A beer, a hold a beer and a Rolls Royce. He done scratch, he done got in the back seat and wrapped up the seats like that. Don't even make no sense. That don't even make no sense. And, And like, okay, do you got food in there? Because normally bears go to places where they can smell food, smell. They they got a keen sense of a keen sense of smell. The smell. Yeah. That's why they tell you don't leave food in your car. Don't leave food. If you got a cabin, don't leave food. 'cause they coming to get it. Oh yeah, they coming.


Hey, that's, that's, Hey, that's funny. The audacity though. The audacity to be in a costume pretending to be a bear and having video footage of it. Like, wouldn't nobody be able to tell that you're really not a bear, you're a human in a costume. I haven't seen a bear costume real enough to fool the naked eye. I've never seen a bear costume real enough that a human can put on and wear that big as busy as big as a black bear, right? Yeah. Okay. They they, they, they actually not that big. They're not that big, but still Right. They not, they're not that big. But even still Right, you ain't fooling nobody. Come on now. Well boy, people look here, man.


People been trying, people been hustling from the beginning of time. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. They, they gonna find a way. That's one thing About it. They gonna buy a loophole. But see stuff like that, You a hustler. But the problem is ocho a lot of times that they mess it up for people that really have claims and then the insurance company like push back at 'em and, but jack legs like this. But see they couldn't stop. You already got passed it one time, but here you could say, you know what got passed one, what's to stop us from doing it again? Yeah, right. I'm glad you caught their ass and, and, and punish him to the maximum of the extent, extent of the law. So whatever the law allows you to do, if it's jail time and fines, both BOA or both, whatever it is, slap it to the ass.


Ocho a Mississippi teacher was fired after allegedly feeding students dog treats mistaken for beat jerky. At least eight children in Calhoun City High School. Yes. They got streets. The district alerted the effect the children's parents of the situation. At least one child was taken to the doctor with a stomach ache. The incident reported, transpired during what was intended as a birthday celebration for a few students. The local outlet continued. And how did the teacher did it on purpose? Or did he mistakenly? I'm I'm, I'm, I'm curious now. I mean, some of the dog food do be looking like some of the dog food be looking like real food.


For real though. Like Yeah, like be, I know I I eat beef jerky. I already know I beef jerky slim jams. I be pork RINs, pork skins. I'm, I I I do all that. But I'm curious, how do you confuse the dog treats for the beef jerky? You know, unless it's something that you don't frequently eat. If it's something that you don't frequently eat, I can see where you make that mistake. They, they had to be, they had to be like small kids. I'm thinking they small kids, right. Yeah. Gotta be, they ain't know no better. Yeah. And you know, you think the teacher deserved to be fired if it was an accident? Oh, That's tough. That's tough. I, you know, I it that's a fireable offense. That's a fireable offense because the parents are going to be highly upset and they're gonna ask for your job.


Yeah. They're gonna ask for your job. You have, you have to know better. Especially in, in that situation as a teacher, you have to know what you're feeding your kids. You got to, yeah. Because you're responsible. I didn't know what I'm feeding my dogs. I eat my dog food. I tried you what? I eat my, I tried my dog food. For real? Yeah. Damn. You know what I mean? Well, some of the things you eat based on where you from, that ain't even, that ain't even, that ain't even too fart. You, you've really playing. Yeah. No, I I tried it. I always try it. Everything Okay, okay, okay. Yeah, I mean that's, listen, you eat raccoon and so I, you, I mean You eating worse. Ocho Name one thing I eating worse outside of McDonald's Cheeks. And I ain't talking about pig cheeks.


I'm talking about bull cheeks. Can I tell you something? Yeah. Can I tell you something? Taste like chicken. How many, how many, how many of people What it taste Like chicken? Who? Oh, it taste like chicken. It depends. It depends. Now if she's not, if she don't take a shower, it's a little tart. But you can get, you can get by that. You can get by that, you know, just swir swirling. You tug around about, about one minute, you know. But if you take a shower then it's like, it's a little fruity. Especially depending on what kind of fruity. Yeah. Depend on, depending on what kind of dove soaps you use. Aon. I'm telling you a y in 2025, you gotta start eating as we, and you need to evolve. You need to, it is like technology. I, you know. Whoa, you, But but that's the what I don't get. That's what I don't get.


Y'all talking about old dog at the table and, and women. Y'all notorious. Yeah. Got that much tongue in the man booty. And y'all talking about my dog at the table guys. Y'all talking crazy. I ain't seen Y'all at toes, elbows, booty. Yeah, yeah. All that. Yeah. Y'all talking About my dog at the table. Hold on. There's one more area. There's one more area you gotta look man. What? Get you some ice right? Get you some crushed ice. Get the ice, crush it up and you lick the back of a kneecap. Huh? See that's, that's a sensitive area that, that area is really never, ever touched. Now this is what you do now. Unc, you hit me, touched by me. You start from the top. Huh? From the hoohaw. You start from the hoohaw.


You go ha ha, go. Okay. Alright. New episode of Lincoln Lawyers on soon as she talk about linking up. Okay. Right there. Alright man. This is a good episode. I ain't seen this one before. I don't know what you talking about, Ocho. Listen, I'm, I'm trying, I'm trying, I'm trying to get Some, we gotta get some years in Ocho. Nah, you talking about you want the young girls on Man. Man, listen you, you better evolve. You better, you better evolve man. I'm telling What? I give 'em a couple of dollars. Nah, you, you give, give a couple. No, man. I'm telling you, you want stay around for a long time or a good time.


Which one you want it for a long time or a good time? Because you can give him A couple bottle ocho but you can't opt the ocho ocho Yeah. Opt the muscle. Everybody. Hey listen off what? Listen off. Listen. Huh? You got, Well I know your situation. I, your situation different now. You, You got one time. You got one time to make a lasting impression to get that individual to keep on wanting to come back When you go test drive a car. Yeah. You have one time to drive that car and be like, you know what? Ain't nowhere in hell. I'm leaving this car in this motherfucking lot. It's the same thing when you meet somebody new boy, you better show the motherfucking fuck out and sometimes you got to go the extra mile and do what everybody else is not doing and be like, you know what, I don't care nothing about the rest of my roster, but this one here.


Oh, I ain't letting him go. Yeah. Yeah. Those are the times we in now and you trying to do what you did back in the eighties in 2024. And ain't gonna keep them young ones you trying to talk to. Damn. I'm telling you, telling me. Listen, I, I got a whole menu. You hear me? Stay with me. I got a whole menu. You know what, lemme start real quick. 'cause before I put myself back in the dog house, don't worry about it. Yeah, That's right. You, you were doing good. Yeah, I be YI like man. Oh, Ocho back. Ocho back. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I had your go back like, welcome back Carter. Welcome back. Welcome back, welcome back. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna keep it clean. I'm, I'm gonna leave.


I'm gonna leave that alone. Oh Man. Ocho, see dang. You done broke my heart. I gotta do all that Ocho damn. Yeah. Yeah. It, it, it, Why they just can't like me for me. Yeah. Yeah. Them like, like it, like it for me. That's back in junior high. Huh? They ain't know no better back in junior high elementary. What if I, what if I was the age? What if I was like 35? I still have to do that too. Yeah, yeah, yeah. 'cause the, the younger you are, especially when you have, when you don't bring nothing to the table, nothing of value, then there are other things that have to make them actually want you. That's where the extracurricular comes in. You, you feel me? Well, hell, you can't pay my bills or you can't do this. You can't take me nowhere. You can't take me shopping. You can't gimme no jewelry.


You can't gimme no watch. But there has to be something about you that's special that no one else does. And most of the time that's where it coming at. Hmm. Okay. And you, you always wonder why the dudes that really ain't got no money or or don't really have much going on, always got all the motherfucking, you know who Yeah, There you go. That's It. There, there you go. They willing to do all the things. Nobody else will. I'm I'm, I'm just saying. Okay. You got me thinking. Yeah. Think about it. Think about it. And you know, in, after the new year, that could be a New Year's resolution. Well, Yeah. The YouTube checks gonna start coming in in 2025. So, Hey, let me stop playing Max.


Lemme stop playing before I get that text message, man. Ah, we stop playing. Lemme let me, God, God forgive me. God forgive me. I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't mean no harm. I don't mean no harm. I don done caused myself enough stress, enough trouble for myself and my family and others. I don't want no problems. I just wanna live I don. I wanna work my 2000 jobs and just be happy and smile. Oh, you done broke my heart, man. I gotta do all that. And I gotta, I gotta do all that. And I gotta take 'em shopping and I gotta take 'em on vacation. Well, honestly, you ain't gotta do none of the ladder. Now if you, if you do the first part and you're excellent at that, then sometimes they don't even care about the other part 'cause they can get the other part from somewhere else.


Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. This group project the hell we this project her and I, Hold on. I got a question. Yeah, I got a question. You want one of them? You want one of these young Thundercats, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You want one of these young Thundercats five, you know, five two? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Cur, you know? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. But you, you just want, huh? To yourself. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Young one. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yo yo. Yeah. That ain't happen. Oh hell no.


Oh hell no. Oh Lord. Absolutely not. Nah, listen, and especially what you would like and your taste. You know, you have great tastes when it comes to, to That species. Oh, stay old. They love step now. He love a step. I talking about what pound them Pride. She cal. Right. You know, got them Diamond Shake Cal when she walked. Yeah. Yeah. She turned, she turned heads when she walked in the building. Yeah. They, they had, they had, I ain't talking about the men when she walk by, the women. Look damn the men. I already know. The men look one of them. Yeah. Yeah. But look, you gotta understand them young folk. You like, you know, even of age.


Yeah. They have a roster. Now on that roster, you can be on that roster, but you could be the favorite one. But you won't be the only one. Okay. You have to understand the times that we are in. You got to understand that now. That, that, that now that comes with, with, with, with knowing the culture in the era we're in now. Now you might be a little outdated and don't understand, but I'm trying to get you from getting your heart broke. Okay? Stay with me. I'm, I'm gonna guide you though. I'm gonna guide you. Mm mm Damn. Yeah, Lord, that mercy Ocho. See y'all see that ch y'all see Ocho I'm trying to do right.


It ain't me. I'm, I'm trying, oh, I'm trying to do right. Huh? I'm I, I'm trying to do right, bro. Huh? I'm I I, me fighting for my life. Huh? I'm trying to do right where the Bible at? I ain't got, I ain't even got the Bible. I put my hand on the Bible. You hear me? Boy? Shit. What? Oh Lord. Oh, well, Yeah. Hey, I'm feeling good tonight. You could tell I took a nap. Huh? You took more than a nap, man. I can't be doing, I ain't gonna lie with you. I can't be doing all that. If I, if, if, if I'm a part of, I see.


If I'm a part of the team, I, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa. Hold on. I can't do it though, Joe. I can't. Whoa. What, what? You can't do All that. What you saying? Hey, stay with me. No, I'm, see it ain't gonna work. Can you? You're not listening to me. And you got, you gotta get, you gotta get in, in unison. There you go. There you go. This, you gotta focus. You gotta lock in. Okay. You gotta lock in sometimes. Sometimes there's certain things you don't wanna do. There you go. Lock in. Focus. Now. Certain things in life you don't wanna do.


Yeah. Hey, I, you might not wanna do it. I'm moving. You might wanna do it. I'm leaving country. Huh? I'm leaving the country. Where you going? I don't know, man. I ain't doing all that later for that all. See you. You ain't all right. You now you going, you going keep falling by the wayside. 'cause you want be hardheaded now. All right. Congratulations to CBS sports and Sony Electronics for their first place wins for innovation in industry. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for business in a collaboration that was clearly built on breaking new ground CBS and Sony created a first of its kind broadcast for the PGA championship using a custom-built T-Mobile private five G network.


To power the live production. They deployed a 5G wireless camera system throughout the event. The network speed, combined with Sony's innovative ultra low latency video codec allowed for seamless high quality footage without disruption. With that innovative approach, CBS gave broadcasters the tools they need to do what they do best, take their coverage to entirely new places. These innovations will shape the way live sports are covered moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, Sony and CBS for their unconventional thinking, The holidays are officially here at The Home Depot, which means it's time to deck the halls and your home with festive cheer.


If you're on the hunt for the perfect tree, we've got you covered. Explore our huge assortment of trees in all shapes, sizes and styles designed to fit any holiday vibe and every holiday budget. Like the Jackson Noble Fur, it's not only super easy to assemble, but it also comes pre-lit with 1200 color changing bulbs and multiple lighting functions. Or maybe the Flocked starry light. Frasier fur is more your style. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that hold their shape. This tree's ready to shine right out of the box. Ooh, Wow. Whether it's trees, wreaths, or twinkling lights. We've got everything you need to make your home holiday ready.


So shop now@homedepot.com and enjoy free delivery on most holiday decor Subject to availability. See Home depot.com/delivery. For details. This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. Picture this, you're in the garage, your favorite room in the house, and you're tuning up your engine with parts you found on eBay. Every piece is just locking perfectly into place. You step back to admire your work, hands covered in grease. And because you're committed to driving that thing further than the odometer can even handle, you start thinking to yourself, you know what? I could probably use some new brakes, some shocks and struts.


This baby deserves a new air filter. So you head right back to eBay, you can find any part you need. It's unreal from wipers and headlights to cold air, intakes, exhaust systems, and even that turbo you've had on your mind. eBay is that stock garage of your dreams. And you've got eBay guaranteed fit because eBay knows DIY fixes can be major and mods are also intense. So you need to know those parts are guaranteed to fit every time before you dive in wrench first. And in the off chance you order a part and it doesn't fit, send it back. Simple as that. You know what you love more than the car itself is driving it.


You're serious when it comes to engine maintenance and locked in when you're headed into a build. And that's exactly why you start with eBay. Minor fix or complete overhaul. You want to get your ride back on the road and you've got eBay guaranteed fit. So eBay created my garage. Or all you had to do is add your ride's info to get exact parts that fit. When you see that green check, you're a click away from that part clicking perfectly into place. So now that you know all that, imagine standing at that open garage door looking at the car you love. More than anything, knowing that anything is possible. Whether it's keeping it on the road forever, or turning it into something that's never been on the road before.


Because with eBay, your garage just got a whole lot bigger. Get all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love. Hey Guys, this is Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I'm the Cowboys. I mean, they're already a circus. They need to fix their, the sun coming in their window before they start worrying about the, I like how Jerry was like, what do you want me to do? Bat Sun Sun's just up there. Ain't like I can do nothing about it. It's just up there. It's just your son. What are you supposed to do? There's a moon too, And sun's up there.


You think there ain't gonna be a sun. And then they're like, well, why don't you, you know, put up a curtain. What? Well, it's still the sun. It's Like, well, your AllPro receiver has his hands in the air with the ball coming at him 'cause he can't see. Just admit you didn't do a great job designing that. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts. Did you know there's no Tom at TOMS? The shoe company you know and love our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows this season. Embrace cozy comfort with TOMS, the family favorite footwear brand from Chic Boots and everyday sneakers to wedges. And our iconic Alpr forgot slip-ons. Each pair of TOMS is crafted with premium comfort.


At its core, our cloud bound insoles provide exceptional cushion, perfect for morning meetings, farmer's markets and quiet moments at home. Enjoy features like ankle padding, cozy foer linings, and wide width options. So you can always feel like you're walking on Clouds Made for Play. Our Kids Line offers extra traction and easy on, easy off detailing a win for them, a win for you. Explore rich textures and autumn colors and hundreds of styles that compliment your fall wardrobe. The best part, when you buy TOMS, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together, we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date. And we're just getting started. Shop all your fall family footwear at TOMS dot com.


Oh, Joe. Meeting on a dating app isn't a dilemma. Apparently Study published and the social science has determined that those who match on dating apps can have romances that are just as strong as those who meet in person. Researcher, researchers survey people about their relationship experience to determine if couples met impact the quality of their relationship. In the end, they discovered no significant differences based on whether the relationship were initiated online or face to face. Okay, by that, what? That's what I'm looking for. That what I'm talking about. I better get on, hold on Ocho. Lemme ask you a question.


Yeah. O line. Does porn hub count? Now? See, see, you can't be told, you can't be told about no porn hub, Man. But I ain't on no porn hub. I'm just, no, I'm I I think social apps like dating apps. Like what? What's that? What's that? What's that? Dolly Matter. What's up? One sec. Hey, bomb Tinder. What's the other one? Oh, oh, I don't, I don't know. I don't know about them. Twitter. Instagram. Twitter. Instagram. Instagrams. Instagrams. Okay. What, what, what? A dating, I don't know nothing about no dating. Listen, hinge. Hge. I heard about Tin. Somebody say they met on h What if Hinge Hinge is a dating app? Right? Ask Me I. don don't, boy, don't get me. Don't get Me mad.


Put him up there. What? What's up today? Abs Ash. Don't get me to lie. I don't know nothing about no days. I know, I've heard, I've heard about something. Madison. That thing was, was, was, was hacked and all those names got released. So Hinge Tin Bumble. Mm. Oh, Christian Mingle. I'm looking for Bill Farmers. Oh, farmers com. Farmer market. Farmer market. Yeah. Looking, hey, I'm looking for, you know, you know a deacon ass, you know what I'm saying? The mother of the church. The first lady. You looking For the first Lady? There it is. Oh, plenty of fish. What's that one Ash that got, it was something Madison.


Was it Ashley Madison? Was that one? Ashley Madison. Well, all the, like the, the the, the names got leaked or something. Mm. So got hat. Yep. Okay. All the client, all the clients' info got exposed. Yeah. Yeah. Uhoh. Oh, hinge tin bumble farmers only.com. Plenty of fish. Ashley, Madison. So what research has determined, whether you meet in person, church, gym, grocery store, It don't Matter, nightclub church, the relationship that happens online is potentially just as strong as those.


Yeah. It, it, it doesn't, it doesn't matter where you meet. You know, PE people overthink. People analyze. Yeah. Doesn't matter what you people, it's all about connection. It's all about your wifi, you know, it's all about the chemistry. You know, most of the time when you're honest with the individuals, when you first meet 'em and you don't allow them to meet your representative, and you're not scared to, to lose the opportunity by actually being yourself. That's a genuine connection. Huh? It's genuine. A lot of women, they date guys. Right. And the first thing they say, well you not the same man I met. Well obviously you didn't really meet who he really was in the beginning because he's presenting himself and being a representative of who he thinks you want him to be.


That's why things change. You know? It's, it's, it's, it's unfortunate. It's just the way life is. Dudes have to put on a certain facade to get to their end goal, whatever that may be. Because if you tell the truth and be exactly who you truly are, nine times outta 10, the woman ain't gonna give you a chance anyway. Unless you have a certain stature and status. That's just life. If she likes you enough, she'll lie to herself. My grandma always told me that, boy, you ain't got to do too much. If she like you enough, she'll lie to herself. All those red facts, they look green. Not just life, that's just life. And I, I'm not here, I'm not on here to preach.


Not the night, but I know what I'm saying. And just make sure y'all pick up. I, I Got, I take you were for it, bro. Yeah. I Ain't gonna lie to you. I ain't never been on a date. I ain't never been on an actual dating site now. Right. I'm still kinda old fashioned. I would prefer, but you know, a and the day and time you gotta evolve. Got evolve, Ojo, Come On now. And you know, guess I gotta get back into the church. Ojo.


I mean, seems like every Bible I see now, Jordan, you see it on ig, you see it on Twitter. God, first child of God. So I like that. Guess that's why I ain't met nobody. God, who's the head of my life? Oh Man, Ocho. Oh boy. Yeah. I him o that's what I'm saying, Ocho. Oh shit. Damn. Hold on. Can you see Me? Hell no. I can't see. I can barely see you with Spotlight though.


You the damn one. I can't see you no lights on. Hold on, hold on. I see teeth in Change. I, I, I locked the, I knocked the plug out. Hold on. Oh, sh hell, I thought you was escaped from the Bode plantation. Damn. I don't see double change the teeth. Okay. Yeah. Now I see. Yeah. There we go. There we go. I thought, I thought I heard a baby crying. Shit. I thought you was trying to make a run for it. I thought, I thought Mr. Tom was looking for you. You done cut the lights off and made a break for it.


Oh Yeah. Hot, fast Food restaurant where men take women on the first date, dating news.com surveyed 3000 American Single, getting them to Dish on their favorite budget friendly dating spots. The number one answer was Chick-fil-A with 16% of the daters choosing the chicken joint as their go-to Fast Food Day Spot, second place option on the first date. Simple Ice Cream Treat. Dairy Queen. Third Place came in a tie between Sonic drive-in, and Pizza Hut. I rock with Pizza Hut because I love some pizza. Hu I ain't gonna lie. We, my sister, we used to go, we used to have, I think it was Tuesday night to have buffet style all you can eat pizza.


It was like Right, right, right. $5. So my sister would take my brother and I there Ocho what about what you think about that Chick-fil-A is the number one spot for budgetary friendly dating spots. Chick-fil-A was 16%. Second place option was Dairy Queen Ice Cream. I love Dairy Queen. That's all we had. All my hometown. And third was a tie between Sonic and Pizza Hut. I've never been to Sonic, but hey Ron Smith Foot, he loves Sonic. He loves, they got this like, them like got like Slurpee or something. Don't they got something like a Slurpee like ice? Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. You know what, I, I like it. I like it. Chick-fil-A is to me, I, I consider, I consider a new, a new trend. Everyone loves it.


If you, no matter where you live, if you go to Chick-fil-A no matter where you Go Slush, not Slurpee. Hey Ash, get off my computer. Stop writing. Hey, the, the, the line is always around the corner at Chick-fil-A It always, Always around the corner. So I understand that. People, people like, They got great service though, man. Yeah, they, they, boy they get you up outta there, don't they? Yeah. Hey, really great service. Hey, they have them line, they have them people outside with the walk talk along. How about help you? What your car in here, Ocho Boy. Hey, when I get fries hot. Listen, When it comes to, when it comes to, when it, yeah, when it comes to customer service, they, they, they are elite.


Yes. I've never been to Chick. I could, I could be honest. I've never been to Chick-fil-A but I've heard the stories. My, my kids go to Chick-fil-A they told me I see the commercials, I see the funny videos on Instagrams and TikTok sometime. So I understand, I understand why they're probably number one. Yeah. For me, for me, you, you know how my routine has always been on first dates, you know, throughout my tenure and my years of, of, of my hand at dating, I, I always go to McDonald's. I always go to McDonald's and I normally order a number seven for those of you that eat McDonald's in the chat. The number seven is What the hell that is? The Cheeseburger, two cheeseburger meal. And I just get that. I don't even order her nothing else because we already got two cheeseburgers. So we both split a cheeseburger.


We got the fries and I get two straws we could drink from, we could, we could drink. Ah, nah. I ain't drink drinking behind nobody on no first date. Boy, you, I, you lost all your mind. Wait, it's first date? No. Same cup. Cup. No. Hey, that, that's romantic. That's Romantic. Boy. Didn't ain no lady in the tramp. That's why I was finn say like lady in thet the spaghetti. You know you both, you both put Your, your no no big and big O. No, See, unc you not living man. You not living. You gotta, you gotta do excite. That's exciting. And then listen, when you take 'em right, you go to McDonald's, right? Boom. Then you take 'em to the executive palace. Now only the, only the people in the chat only.


Yeah. Listen, you got, you got, when you find you a new one, when you go to Miami, take it to the executive. Palace rooms ain't number $30. Man, I wish Y would 30. Hey look, they got jacuzzis on. They got jacuzzis. They got the strobe light in there. They got the strip And you probably have condoms floating on the water. Oh no, no, no, No, no. They clean very well now they clean very well. No, and that, that was, that's what I do on my first dates. Because listen, I can already listen. I can already do the five star restaurants. I can already do the nice five, you know, five star hotels. We know I can do that. I got money. I'm rich. But I wanna know, can you enjoy yourself at the lesser things in life?


The things I can, that I can go for the places I used to go, you know, I know I can do the all. I can't enjoying myself. I'm looking around like this. You're like, damn, what's about to come off from under this bed? Ooh, what the hell? Nah, Nah. If they can't, if they listen unc, if they can't appreci, if, if they can't, I'm talking about me. I ain't talking about them. Okay, okay, okay. My bad. Okay, my bad. But I really think, I really think, you know, not only in, in saving money, but the two, the two straws, you know the, the splitting, the cheeseburgers. Oh, that's romantic man. Women never forget that. I don't, on a damn Cheeseburger, on no first date. All right man. Oh, okay. At least try at least try the Executive Palace in Miami. But I do like the Chick-fil-A Chick-fil-A look it up.


They come in there. I want to go to the one store in Atlanta. Yeah. It like Mr. Sharp. What would you like? I like, I'd like to get to number one with no pickle. Large waffle. Fried lemonade like any sauces. Ketchup? Nope. Mr. Sharp. This was over me. In and out. Yeah. I like that. I like that simple. I like, I like that a Lot of other places. That'd be, you know, half of your buy ketchup, bro. I got 40 nuggets. You gimme two sauces. What the so what So what I supposed to do? What the other sauce spit? I be, I bro, bro, what y up to the sauce for? Can I get an extra napkin?


They give you one nap. Can don't yo there go. Don't even worry about it. Don't even worry about it. But y'all see Chick-fil-A Dairy Queen. I used to love Dairy Queen. 'cause that was all we had in our hometown. And Sony driving a pizza hut. You know what Ocho I might do that. And you know, I get, I'm gonna get me a pickup truck with that big seat. Let my girl sit up front of me so I could be driving with my arm like this. Right. But listen to me. If you got that pickup truck, this, this would be perfect though. Check it out. Yeah. In Miami. You gotta try Man. Ain't nobody driving no damn pickup truck in Miami Ocho. You can rent one. Oh Lord.


You got this. You gotta take a date. Unc listen to me. You gotta take it to the executive Palace. Get the room. You could pull in the room. It got a garage. It got a garage. Boom. You pull in, you get the key, you get the key pull in the garage. Boom. Let the garage down. You walk upstairs, the lights, every the, this the room gonna be set. The jacuzzi gonna be warm already. The strobe light gonna be gone. She could put on a show for you. 'cause they got a stripper pole in there. You hear me? Yeah. Put a strip pole in there. Y'all go to Chick-fil-A get your little food. Hit the room bomb after y'all do what y'all do. You know you shave the covers, then you can hit the Hard Rock Casino. No, y'all go gamble a little bit. I don't Like to, y'all don't like to have nothing in my stomach. 'cause you know them sparks work better when you got up your stomach.


'cause that blood go, Ooh. Hey. You know I'm saying, hey, speaking of them sparks. I don't need to be rude. I know we got company washing. Boy, I need, I need a couple of them things. I got you say no more. I need a company because you what I'm saying. I don't like to eat I don't like to drink because I don't like to mess. See you drink too much. I ain't gonna mess with no good dick pissing. This ain't gonna be, I'm gonna give you, I'm you getting all this. You ain't finna mess this old good wood up. P Oh no, you get all this, all of it. So I, Hey, empty stomach blood ain't had nothing in my system for like five, about about four, five hours. Right, right, Right, Right. Lying there. Okay, okay. Okay. Yeah.


J be doing all the Tricks. Yeah, I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I need, I need, yeah, yeah, yeah. I need that. I need that. Hey Ocho, you done Guy quiet? I got that thing. The whole wide dissolving. Hey, She don't have no idea None. I, Hey, I I like that. Yeah. Hey Ojo. Hey. Hey. That about, that's about 20 minutes ojo. Yeah, but I got, I got you.


I got you. I got you. I got you. Yeah, Thing Amazon, because I know Amazon, next day, A sizable 66% of the women are even. Okay. If a man ask them for a first date at a casual spot, when it comes to splitting the bill, the majority, 56% are all right with putting two cards down. Okay. I like, I like that. Now we talking now I like that too. I like that too. Now, now we, now we, now we talking women that can hold their own weight, have no problem helping and sharing instead of just being a liability and put everything on the man. That's the only, I like that. That's the, that only time I want you to hold your own weight lady. Other than that, I got you hold than that. You, you don't gotta hold that.


I got you. Now I, I, like I said, I've never split a bill Ocho. I haven't. Right. I've never asked for a woman to pay on the first date. I mean, I think maybe in all my life, I think a woman, I mean, for a birthday, they, you know, something like that Father's Day. But for the most part, I like to put the bill. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, listen, I have no problem paying the bill either. I, I, I, I know I'm, I'm, I know I'm notoriously cheap. It's, it's what I'm known for. But what I do like to do for those that can hold their own weight, I love to play Uno on my dates. Oh, I know. I, I know it. Yeah. I love the, what the hell, I love to play Uno when the bill comes.


I always have a deck of Uno cards. I just, just a spice up the date a little bit. Just to have a little fun at the end of the date. Play Uno. Best game of three. Best game game of three. Where You play, where you play Uno? At, at at the dinner table? Yeah, in the restaurant. Yeah. You man, once the lady, once the once, once the race, mood, mood and played, play, play, play a game of Uno. Best game of three, you know, whoever win. So whoever went and play the bill, you gotta think the places I go, the bill ain't that much anyway. Shit. And when I eat it ain't it ain't it ain't over $50. You know, ain't no thing but it, it just spice up. It just spice it up a little bit. You know, for those in the chat, you might wanna take this idea if you got, if you got your partner next time You'all go somewhere, take a deck of no calls with you, man.


When the bill come, just play Uno. Best game of three, man. You know, it's, it's just, just a little exciting. Just a little, little tidbit. Just something I be been doing the past, you know, 20 something years to gather Pen. Yeah. I don't know what y'all, I don't know about no Uno. I mean, I like playing Uno. Well, hell, I do like, I like playing board games. I like playing Monopoly. Yeah. That, That's too much. That's too much. I. don, we talk, we talk about you on a date. You, you, you ain't got enough room for all that? No, I'm just saying the games I like to play. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.


Congratulations to 3:00 AM Innovations on their first place. Win for innovation in community. At this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business 3:00 AM used T-Mobile 5G To enable Florian the first AI enabled incident command platform for first responders. Florian's features include real-time tracking of personnel on A 3D map and voice activation. AI is used to filter out background noise until it hears a trigger word such as mayday, increasing situational awareness on the ground and improving onsite safety. This will shape rapid response moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates 3:00 AM for their unconventional thinking.


The holidays are officially here at The Home Depot, which means it's time to deck the halls and your home with festive cheer. If you're on the hunt for the perfect tree, we've got you covered. Explore our huge assortment of trees in all shapes, sizes and styles designed to fit any holiday vibe and every holiday budget. Like the Jackson Noble Fur, it's not only super easy to assemble, but it also comes pre-lit with 1200 color changing bulbs and multiple lighting functions. Or maybe the Flocked Starry Light. Frazier fur is more your style. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that hold their shape. This tree's ready to shine right out of the box. Ooh, Wow. Whether it's trees, wreaths, or twinkling lights. We've got everything you need to make your home holiday ready. So shop now@homedepot.com and enjoy free delivery on most holiday decor Subject to availability. See Home depot.com/delivery. For details.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. Picture this, you're in the garage, your favorite room in the house. You, you're tuning up your engine with parts you found on eBay eBay. Every piece is just locking perfectly into place. You step back to admire your work, hands covered in grease. And because you're committed to driving that thing further than the odometer can even handle you start thinking to yourself, you know what? I could probably use some new brakes, some shocks and struts. This baby deserves a new air filter. So you head right back to eBay, you can find any part you need. It's unreal from wipers and headlights to cold air, intakes, exhaust systems, and even that turbo you've had on your mind. eBay is that stock garage of your dreams. And you've got eBay guaranteed fit because eBay knows DIY fixes can be major and mods are also intense. So you need to know those parts are guaranteed to fit every time before you dive in wrench first, and in the off chance you order a part and it doesn't fit, send it back. Simple as that. You know what you love more than the car itself is driving it. You're serious when it comes to engine maintenance and locked in when you're headed into a build. And that's exactly why you start with eBay Minor fix or complete overhaul. You want to get your ride back on the road and you've got eBay guaranteed fit. So eBay created my garage where all you had to do is add your rides info to get exact parts that fit. When you see that green check, you're a click away from that part clicking perfectly into place. So now that you know all that, imagine standing at that open garage door looking at the car you love. More than anything, knowing that anything is possible, whether it's keeping it on the road forever, or turning it into something that's never been on the road before. Because with eBay, your garage just got a whole lot bigger. Get all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed the fit every time. eBay things people love.


Did you know there's no Tom at Tom's? The shoe company you know and love. Our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows. This season embrace cozy comfort with TOMS, the family favorite footwear brand. From Chic Boots and everyday sneakers to wedges and our iconic allgas slip bombs. Each pair of TOMS is crafted with premium comfort. At its core, our cloud bound insoles provide exceptional cushion, perfect for morning meetings, farmer's markets and quiet moments at home. Enjoy features like ankle padding, cozy foer linings, and wide width options. So you can always feel like you're walking on Clouds Made for Play. Our Kids Line offers extra traction and easy on, easy off detailing a win for them, a win for you. Explore rich textures and autumn colors and hundreds of styles that compliment your fall wardrobe. The best part, when you buy TOMS, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together. We've positively impacted over 100 million people to date, and we're just getting started. Shop all your fall family footwear at TOMS dot com.


People thought it was impossible to build a firm lifted booty and flatten and shrink your abs at the same time. But we've cracked the code. I'm Carl the CEO of body. That's body with an eye And. if you wanna lose weight while you build a firm round booty and flat tight abs, even that lower pooch, you need to start the 80 Day Obsession Fitness and Eating program on Monday. 80 workouts shot in real time. It's like you're training with the cast as they make progress day by day. Crazy booty gains, flat, tight abs. We tested it and proved it and now it's your turn. There's no subscription needed. You can get this in-Home program for less than a dollar a workout and own permanent digital access. But here's the thing, we're inviting you to get 80 day obsession by Friday. So you can start on Monday. And, if you don't see results in your butt and abs in the first 30 days, you get your money back, no questions asked. So get 80 day obsession by Friday. So you can start on Monday. Go to 80 day obsession.com. That's 80 day obsession.com.


Ocho, check this out. Yeah. A man was arrested in the UK cheese heist where he, he stole $390,000 worth of cheddar. Okay. Authorities in London have arrested a 63-year-old man in connection with the cheese heist of 2024, in which tens of thousands of pounds of high value cheddar was stolen from a major distributor. Hmm. You know, cheese, I mean, some of you know you got, I mean, look, not just America, the Swiss and Limburger, right? And, and, and, and, and, and and what Monster and Bri and Jack and Goda, they got some high value ass cheese, man. I'm like, hold on. Is is, is it, is it, is that kind of value like that Though?


Yes. It looks like he was, he was stole a lot of it. Yeah. I I mean I, I I see now, I mean, I guess it's some, I was raised up maybe, I think it was like a thousand dollars a pound. What? Yeah. Hold on. If my, if my math serves me correct, But a pound of cheese was the lot though, Ocho. Yeah, I know. Yeah, of course, of course. I mean, thinking about a powder, how much a pound weigh it, it, it gotta be a lot. But what kind of grade of cheese is this? 'cause I'm thinking about the kind of cheese we used to get back in the day. You know, it came in blocks and Not that hard ass cheese that you almost break. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


You know, that cheese, you hey, that cheese back then, so it was different. So it Is, yeah. The cheese came in a block like this here. Oh yeah. Yeah. You know, so I'm trying to understand what kind of cheese they dealing with, where he was, where it has that kind of sentimental value, you know, where you can go to jail behind it based on the, I was getting back in my day Also. He stole tens of thousands of pounds of it. You know, if you steal 10,000 pounds of anything, it could be low value, but you get enough of it, it would be of value. Okay. Okay. Okay. You right, you right, you right. You right, you Right. You know, somebody say pennies. Okay? If you steal hundreds of thousands of pounds up tens of thousands of pounds of pennies.


Right. They gonna probably take you ocho. Yeah. You know, with cheese that come, it comes in wheels, you know, like they roll the, the cheese down the hill and the guys start chasing the, and the gals start chasing the wheels. So the thief made with 950 wheels, or roughly 40, basically 24 tons, 24 Tons, 48,500 pounds of half west cone and pitchfork cheddar. Hmm. I think I said that right.


Halfway West Cone and Pitchfork cheddar. The wheels came from three different artesians suppliers across England and Wales. Between them, these cheeses have won numerous awards and are amongst the most salt after art artisan cheeses in the uk. Mm. Okay. Understandable. Understand, un understandable. That that's, that's new to me. That, that's new to me. But stealing that much cheese. What he, what is he doing with it? Huh? Salad it. Okay, okay. Okay. Oh, so he a hu he a hustler. Okay. Okay. That's me. That's, that's different. You locked up now Ocho.


Now it's time for our last segment of the evening. It's time for Q. Hey. Yeah, it is q and a. Hey. Ooh. Well the night was good but that was God damn. That was a Good one. Alright. Lainey Ray is back clubs must be closed. Bars must be closed because Lainey hadn't been in the chat in a while. We miss you Laney, Ocho at all. Men, please don't lick our kneecaps, our knee pits. Sincerely, all women. Nah. She Miss, miss Laney Ray is is is Chad. Y'all like y'all knee pits Lee? They, they wouldn't know because ain't nobody doing that.


They, they not, they not dealing with them, them type of experimental, adventurous type men. So they, they wouldn't know. David Bell said, y'all gotta stop having these relationship talk topics. We need OCHO back. We don't need OCHO back in the doghouse. He has to make it to February. We got it. We got it. Re a, this, this is for entertainment purposes only OCHO Rail. Know OCHO don't mean no harm. We gotta make it, we gotta make it to New Orleans. We got new, we got new. Hey, we geared up for this because unlike some of the other tours, we have an idea of what it takes to do a tour now. Hmm. And so now Ocho and I, we've gone through the cadence and the beats of a tour, so we gonna be even better than what we were in the previous stock.


We'll be even better and the tours will get even better and they'll get even bigger. So Devin, we appreciate the good looking out, but we got this. Yeah. Must love cash that Shannon don't owe. Don't let Ocho lie to you. Some young ones are loyal, especially if you eating everything from the root to the T and taking care of us. Let me find out. You looking for a little 30 something? Did, did you see what I'm talking about? See what I'm talking about? Did you listen? But listen, you listen to the key words. Us youngins are loyal, especially if you taking care of everything and you eating us, eating us from the root to the Tudor. So that's from head to toe.


That's what rooted to the tutor means. Rooted from the tutor means from head to toe. That's front to back. That means detail. Like at the car wash. Yeah. That front the end. Okay. That's from top to bottom. We talking about east to west? Yeah, yeah, yeah. The south. Yeah. You gotta touch everything, every corner, back, head, every wall in the house. Yeah. Oh, put on the ceiling fan. Put it on low. Put it on low. Let her spin around and let her fall. And, if You go around, you got your tongue out. You just, every time she can Rock. Yeah, just listen. Listen. I would see the visual to give you a reference, but I'm not gonna do that. Okay. But I'm just, I'm, I think I got it. I think I got it though to, I think I got it. Think I got it like I, to me now, like I got it. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna get you where you want to go. Yeah. Okay.


I appreciate that. Appreciate that. Yeah. Okay. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy said Uncle Tcho. Today's my birthday. I'm so blessed to see another year. Thankful for life health and the chance to celebrate with y'all and my fellow mod squad crew. Much love doc. If, if today, you mean today as in, because yesterday November 30th was my son's birthday, and so I had to call, I called him and he was, he was low key. I was like, bro, you aint not celebrating. I guess. I guess as he got older, he is some of his old man done, rubbed, done, rubbed off on him. Rub up on him. So Doc, is it December 1st? Excuse me. Is it December 1st or is your birthday November 30th.


So that'd be interesting. Shoot, Ash, I know you have Ash information. So let us know. But happy birthday Doc. Like I said, doc has been here from the very, very beginning and we appreciate your support. When we was in Vegas, she showed up. She showed up in Atlanta. Ocho would I be surprised to see Doc in New Orleans? Absolutely. Doc, doc, we'd love to have you if you got time in your schedule to come down there and show your love and support. We greatly appreciate you, doc. If people, if people like Doc, that's, that's been so loyal. That's been so, so great to us. The Nightcap family. And we greatly appreciate all of you guys. November the 30th, doc. That's my son's Ari's birthday also.


So you guys, Hey, see, I knew it was a reason I like you doc. I knew it. I knew it. So, and I also wanna say my son, I know he in the bed now. He was, he was fading when I called him. I was flying all day. So I want to get a chance to say this. So happy birthday key, bro. I love you. I appreciate you. Thanks for making your, your dad a, a grandfather. And I guess I'm not supposed to share this. Am I supposed to share this? I'll let you share it, but I think I'm gonna be a grandfather again. Yeah, Yeah. But congratulations son. I love you. Jay said, what's up UNC and 85 just want to take time and laughing and all O-H-I-N-O state fan.


You know, they say OHIO supposed to be Ohio, but they say, oh no. Anyway, all that spending for nothing. The worst thing y'all regret spending money and that ain't work. Right? That is, that's the worst thing to do, to spend money on something. It doesn't work you absolutely right. Like I spent all this money for nothing. Yeah. Or spent o you ever bought something, spent a whole lot of money for like, and after a day, I mean, sometimes I got stuff home like, what the hell our body is. Yeah. Yeah. Because it, it is called we, we sometimes we are prisoners of the moment. Absolutely. Comes to Things, things that we see that are, that are visually appealing to us.


Okay. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna let, I'm gonna let, let that, I'm gonna let that marinate right there. I ain't gonna go, I ain't gonna go For more into it. Oh, Oh, I, okay. I know what you're talking about. Okay. Yeah, you're right. You, you right. You. Hey. Yeah. Yeah. I, Hey. I could never say you're wrong when you're right. Yeah. Yeah. King K Live 21 said it's my birthday. Thank you Nightcap for being 1 0 1 King. Thank you very much man. Thanks for Hey, we appreciate your support. Happy birthday. Many, many more to come. Enjoy. Thank you guys for staying up with us. 'cause a lot of times we happen to be on the East Coast right now and it's one 17 in the morning, but a lot of times there have been times OCHO that we didn't come on to damn near one 17 or one 30 in the morning.


In the morning. Yeah. And we've had, you know, people in the chat that was, that's, that's been supportive. And so that's the thing that, that makes us feel so good that lets us know that we're doing a very good job for you guys. Is that the support that you constantly give us. The, the, the love, the attention, the eyes, the ears. And so we can't thank you enough for the support that you've given us these, this last 16, 17 months. So 18 months maybe now. September, September, October, November 10th. Yeah. 16 months. So thank you very much. We appreciate that support. We couldn't be what we've become without you guys. Hopefully continued support that you'll give us and we'll keep trying to, to reinvent ourselves and keep trying to get better and better.


As we brought you. Coach Prime was gracious enough to let us let the guys that are coming to see you make that announcement on our platform. I think next week we're gonna have somebody, I'm gonna put a call into him and try to get him on Next week. It's gonna be a surprise. I know he wanted to do it, but I think I can get him, I think I can get him now for sure. So I'm gonna let that be a surprise. I ain't gonna even tell you Ocho, but I'll tell, I'll tell you as the week progresses so you don't be blindsided by it. But it's gonna be a, I think it'll be a pleasant surprise. That concludes this edition of Nightcap.


Thank you guys so much for, for sticking around as you watch Texas advance to the SEC championship to take on the Georgia Bulldogs with a 17 seven win on the road at Texas a and m. Make, make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And thank you guys for counting. Thank you guys for mattering. It is because of you. We are who we are. Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. The holidays are upon us. We want you to have a very festive, joyous holidays. And what better way to do that than celebrating with a bottle of Shea by La Poitier. Now if you can't find it, any city or a state near you, go to this web, go to the website, order it, and we'll get it to you.


And do me one more favor, please. Drake Responsibly, go follow my media company page on all of its platform. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Our newest it release dropped today. High demand. Actually, they launched yesterday and our site crashed. Had a little glitch, but we're able, we're up and running now and thank you guys. Take advantage of our Black Friday. Sale items are up to 50% off. Shirts are $20 off. Hoodies are $40 off. And in case that is wasn't enough, we want to give y'all even more. If you spend $200 or more, you'll receive a complimentary hat. All you have to do is make sure your cart is over $200.


Add the hat you want to your cart and then the hat will be marked as free upon checkout. All Ts as are you done giving away ish? All Ts and hoodies are back in stock. Nightcap Club Sheha and 84, everything is stock. We also have released stock and stuffers. So such as beanies. We call 'em Scully. Oh, Joe, you remember you used to call em Beanie Scully? Yeah, yeah, yeah, absolutely. But, but they don't call 'em, they call 'em beanies nine ass. Like do you mean a do you mean like beanies? Scully's ashes. The same thing. Cozy and mugs. So we have all those in stock now. Quantities are limited, so please make sure you grab yours while supplies last again.


Number three, Texas defeated. Number 24, Texas a and m, 17 to seven. They advanced to the SEC championship game to face the Georgia Bulldogs. Michigan Unranked, Michigan upsets number two, Ohio State, 13 to 10. Michigan was a 19 and a half point dog. They go in on the road and beat Michigan, beat Ohio State again, and the skirmish afterwards. Security had to use pepper spray to get the, the teams to disperse. That wasn't a good look. I'm sure the, the Big 10 is gonna have a say, something to say about that.


I will. I'm not gonna be surprised if both teams get fined and reprimanded ocho. Right. We had another skirmish. NC State beat UNC on the road wanted to plant their flag. That didn't happen. Another skirmish broke out. Florida beat Florida State on the road. They tried to plant their flag. Another sr. A skirmish broke out. So yeah, I I I think we're going to the n the the NC a's gonna try to try to put a a a a kbo to this. It's not a good look. I understand when emotions are high, logic is low. You're talking about 18, 19, 20-year-old kids that's having a good time. But the NC a's going to put a stop on this Syracuse, upset number six, Miami 42 to 38, Miami jumped out to a 21 point leave, but the Syracuse Orange fought their way back and they went 42, 38.


And with that defeat, Clemson goes to the a CC championship to face. SMU Miami would've gone, but they lost. Georgia needed eight overtimes. Yes. Two days ago on Friday, 42, 44, 42 wins over Georgia Tech as they head to Georgia. Go to Atlanta to face Texas in the SEC Championship. That concludes this edition of Nightcap. I'm your favorite Aunt Shannon Sharp. He's your favorite. Ochocinco Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow after the Sunday night game. Thank you guys for joining us again. We greatly appreciate your support and your loyalty.


I'm on Keith Ocho. We're out until tomorrow. Manana The Volume With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Raquel's, whoa. When she first entered the Kingdom by Dragon back is different to Ari's. Whoa. When he found out there was more than one crime scene, which is also different to Ava's. Whoa. The moment when the stable boy became a stable man from whoa to whoa to whoa. Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits Good sleep should come naturally.


And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com. Abercrombie's Best sale of the year is on this year. Their Black Friday sale is 25% off everything. Plus use code Black Friday a NF for an extra 15% off for me. Black Friday comes with two goals, updating my closet and getting my holiday shopping done.


When it comes to gifts for the fa, it's gotta be the viral pieces I see on TikTok, NFL by Abercrombie and the essential popover hoodie. I'll be getting myself a new winter coat. Use code Black Friday a NF for an extra 15% off your haul shop abercrombie's Black Friday sale in the app online or in store. This is Jenny Garth from 9 0 2 1 OMG. As a Delta skymile member, you already know how to experience the world like no one else. Now with skymile experiences, you have special access to a collection of unforgettable events. From concert backstage passes and courtside seats for your favorite team to one of a kind dining wellness retreats and more.


All available by using your miles. Now is your moment to unlock more once in a lifetimes and find an experience for you on delta.com/sky Miles experiences, not a Sky Miles member. It's free and easy to sign up and start earning miles today. Terms apply. Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need, and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing?


Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's OD o.com.