
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com,


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, hell, who doesn't? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect the smoky flavor. That length of time you can fly from Miami to Los Angeles and back from Los Angeles to Miami. 12 long hours. That's about how long it takes Oscar Meyer to smoke their bacon. There's no wrong way to enjoy it, So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon.


Right now I'm partnering with PayPal. The holiday season is here and I'm gonna save big with cash back offers in the PayPal app. It's easy. I browse deals from my favorite brands, save offers in the app, and use PayPal checkout online. Really, really easy. Whether I'm buying gifts from my family or treating myself to something nice, I'm earning cash back. And you can too. Don't just pay PayPal. Check Offers in the app for details and exclusions. Cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options. See PayPal rewards terms.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere. And boom, you realize you're missing a part. It's okay because you know whatever it is. It's on eBay. They've got everything, brakes, headlights, cold air, intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love The Volume.


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports Book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Gregory Vinnie said, can I get a shout out fellas? I got married today. Love your show. Keep up the great work. Hey Greg, appreciate that man. You should be. Hey, I have sent this, I have sent this one tomorrow and hopefully it be read on Sunday. Hold on. You got married today. I Shaking the couple And he ain't send nobody no invite today Because I'm gonna shake the cover before the wedding. Shit. And after you gonna shake the cover, you gonna shake the cover before you walk down aisle Ocho or the sand? Who? You have a white line pad. You coming on The ho? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


I'm gonna, yeah, yeah. I'm gonna, Hey, hey, listen. I ain't Playboy. I'm she gonna, she gonna hit every corner, every corner, every corner. What? Before The word? Yeah. Yeah. Every, every, yeah. Yeah. Stop playing with me. Just, yeah. You got, sometimes you gotta establish dominance just to, to get 'em a better understanding of what you getting yourself into. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It gonna be like, it be like that for the next 20. I mean, it'll be a little long for you. Right, right, right. I thinking I'm, you know, I'm, I'm somewhere around 20 summer, but it just said because I ain't gonna quit till it quit. Yeah. You Good? And no, you going, hold on.


You told me you had your, you told me you had your eye, you told me you had your eyes on something, bro. What, what that looking like It looking good. Promising. Hey, I feel like I'm a detective. I gotta promise Joe. And you feeling like Colombo? You got one More question? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I got a promise to lead. Yeah. Mr. The one I think, I think this, this the one right here? Yeah, sure do. Okay. Okay. Okay. What, what's the letter? Her first name? It start with MI Don't even know her name now that you mentioned it. She ain't even told me.


Said, do you ever think about the idea, do you ever think about the idea of soulmates from past lives? Have you ever considered the possibility of meeting someone you knew in a past life? Absolutely not. No. Great question, but absolutely not. I mean, I ain't, I I ain't gonna lie, I ain't thought about no, I ain't never, I Don't know. I don't even know, know how to U-turn, none of that. Nah, nah, you didn't, you Didn't normally know when they, when they, when they spin block it because whatever they thought was the better option.


It ain't worked out. It ain't work. It ain't work out. Yeah. Oh, now you wanna come back, Uhuh? I'm good. Stay over there. Nah, nanny boo boo. I'm good. No. Hey. Yeah, you, hey you done let that man put all the miles on that car. That car. Hey Uhuh, at least when it were me, okay baby. It was two owners. Oh. Ly Got my cellmate eight on us now. Oh no. Bye girl Wrap. Girl. Fuck you. Mm. Yeah. See? Yeah. We think you know what on your, we got, we, we think alike with that. And hey, nah, you can't put, you can't sit me down and then go off and do and you, you do gonna come and then it don't work out with them over there and think you gonna Come back and up.


Ain't the right line. This ain't the, the metro rail. This ain't the metro bus. You thought, boy, you, you listen, you get your ass off this goddamn train. That bitch gonna keep going forward. Now you fuck around and do the same you do the way you do the wrong motherfucking shit. Why this bitch going forward and think you gonna jump back on? Yeah. You okay? A fool. Yeah. Teachers own though. Hey, I ain't got no problem with it. That's what you wanna do. Two, each your own. Have your thing, do your thing. I mean, some people, hey, they can, hey, they can leave and then hey, hey, three, four years together, three, four years work to get back together. That ain't me. Boy. Listen, see you got about three, four months, three, four days.


Shoot by, by hitting two months is is it getting, getting real sketchy? J two 13 saying, Hey Uncle Ocho, thanks for the words. Yesterday we found out we're having a baby girl. My question is, what failure do you experienced ended up being your greatest lesson? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He's talking about specifically about being a father. Oh, life in general. Oh, okay. Okay, okay. Just Life. I think you just talking about life. Yeah. Yeah. Something that didn't, didn't go the way you expected, but it turned out being a great lesson. Yeah. Yeah. Everything gonna be up, Gonna be up and down, take Bumps, some bruises if life, but this is the greatest thing in life.


'cause you never know what to expect and always expect the unexpected. I think life would be perfect if this motherfucker came with a goddamn instruction booklet. But it doesn't. And that's what makes life, that's, that's what makes life's in general so great. It Doesn't Damn. That's a good question. I like that. Danny said Ocho, considering you're now single, do you have any stories that you can share with a fam that have got Whoa, otherwise been Whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. Love, bro. Nah. Whoa, Ocho working. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. Ocho Listen now lemme get this. Lemme this Ocho is currently in therapy. He's do he he's he's do, he's going to therapy once a week.


He's making great progress. I can report that Ocho is, is is a different person now. And so I'm happy that he's chosen this path. Sometimes you have to go blind in order for you to see. And so now I'm happy that that New Orleans gonna be off the gate. You know, you gonna come out there, you know, we, whoa, whoa, rail come out there for Like 10 bitch. Whoa. Let's, let's, let's reel it back in a little bit. Hold wait a wait a minute. We gotta Have a rail report On show Wait minute. Let's, let's sit down and have a conversation because I got the, I got the, I'm, I'm in a healing stage.


Okay. Okay. Now what I don't need us to do is, while I'm at a healing stage is, is, is is bring, bring that back in, in, in, in the fold while I'm healing because I can't put a bandaid on the gas and expect it to be healed by the time we get to February 6th. Okay. So let me finish these therapy sessions and if I could, if I can withstand the, the, the, the, the visuals of that individual being in my circumference and I'm comfortable. 'cause my, an anxiety, you know, my anxiety bad. Yeah, my anxiety bad. So I don't, I don't want, I don't wanna Yeah, I can imagine out. Yeah, I can imagine. And start like, you know, hearing up or getting emotional at the wrong time.


So I need to make sure I'm able to, to, to handle now. I'm good. Nevermind. I'm good. I'm, I'm be good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm be good. Hey, you know what? I had no idea of Milwaukee this way up there, man. Yeah. Wisconsin is up there. Ocha. What the hell you thought it was, But shit, I didn't know. 'cause I don't know the map. I don't, I don't know the globe. I don't know the map that hard. But listen, I, I ain't been in school. That's In the, that's the Midwest Ocho. I ain't been in school in 47 years. Man. Hell, it don't seem like you did anything when you was there. I did. Well I was discover I made the dean's list. What? Yeah, I Made it. Man.


You ate, you ate Jimmy Dean's sausage. No, that's the only all No, we, we not gonna do that. I, I made the dean's list at three, three out Ocho, three outta four semesters. Ocho. Yeah. We do know you went to Juco. What does that have to do with, what does that have to do with me making the dean's list? That's the 13th grade. Oh, so not Juco, the 13th grade. That's, that's how you, that's how you treat us. That's how, oh man. See we all, we, we all couldn't go to Savannah state, man. You know? Hey. Yeah. What I'm, Hey, why you, Hey, my grades, I already, you already know my grades were bad. I couldn't have got in prison with my grades. It looked like you could have got in prison with yours either.


A a actually it took me going to San it took me going to Santa Monica to get myself together. Which that's how I got that semester at Harvard. Yeah. Once I got in, I got the ball rolling and understood. You know what, let me just do it. Let me, let me do it the way my grandma told me to do it and focused on school first and stop trying to put football. Yeah. And once I did, that shit took off of me. Yeah. Look at it. Look at your smiling, looking like a donkey. Eating a barb. You know, grown man, grown man, grown man. You know?


Huh? What's up? A hard To shake this? It wasn't none of that, That thing hard to shake, man. It bit it by a though. Oh, you saw her and I know real one step. She had probably had her heels on. Nah, Uhuh, This is about Business man. Holidays coming up, man. We got kids, we got birthday, got a birthday. You got french fry birthday coming up. This was strictly business. I had had my no plan out. Nah, nah, Nah. Promise you thinking about too, I was thinking about some too. I I promise you wasn't number Business. You, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. I Would listen. I wouldn't tell you no lie. Matter of fact, I wouldn't even brought it up. I was gonna say and lie to you.


Mm. I have a notepad. She had, she had a computer and we would jotting down some of the things we need to do and, and the timing in which it needs to be done before certain days. That's all What you want. Ra You miss me. I miss you too. I was wrong. You know, Hey, it happened. You know I'm wrong. I'm willing to go to therapy, you know, heal myself. But you know, you the only one for me. I effed up baby. I effed up. Me, you know, I I was wrong. I was wrong. And you, hey, you know Ocho Ocho don't like to MIT when he wrong, but I'm wrong.


Right, right, right. And I'm mad enough to stand here the day before you. I understand. That's, that's, that's, Hey man, that's a, that's a great ally. I I like it how You do it. You said I did it right there, Ocho. Yeah, but you but Ocho But you got a Hold On. Hold. You know, I know. I, I know how to cry. I'm cue You want me to cry too? I'm wrong. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. That when you like, Hey, we got too much time in this. You got too much. That's a Good one. That's a good one. Hey man, it, it's about, it's about business right now, man.


We, we, it's about business. You know? I ain't, you know, I, I understand what you I I I know you mean well. Well, but yeah, this, it's, Yeah. Yeah. It's about business, Not what relationships are there. Business arrangements, what you want re you know, ain't no gift too big, too big for o Ocho. Go and get a, you know, she want a whip. Go on and get it. You got it. Oh, big bang, Man. My, my hands tied. You Got it.


Hey, car seem to be the, the the one of the best, one of the best apologies is, is was the whip. Man, I have so many hard, I have so many teammates. Hell up new whips, sl jag, benzo. I ain't know. I Can't go wrong with those. I mean, I, I I got me. I mean, what, what the hell, what, what the hell does that go from now? Remodeling the house? Shit, I would, I would think about getting custody all the kids, so shit Man.


Please. Oh no. Yeah, I was thinking about getting custody all the kids, man. No, just, You know. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We good? We good? We good? We good? We good? We good? What Though? You afraid? Hey, You know everyone. Hey, every once you, you Know, I too much going on right now thinking about you. I totally remember. I never, I got a blinders on like a horse at the Kentucky Earth. Kentucky, Kentucky Dirt. But see you, you're gonna play.


See that's a me. I said all this aside, if that means you and I gonna be together, I said all this aside, this don't mean nothing. What good is this? A fight Got somebody to share it with. Not just somebody That a good. And then you let, then you let a little tear come down. You gotta a little tear come down. I'm just saying joke. That's how you gotta just, I'm just saying that's it. Because they know because see here the thing. Yeah. They know how you feel about these jobs. And you saying you give up these jobs for me. Look on me now the whole while you like, Lord, please don't let this girl say she get.


Please. Please, Lord, please. Lord, don't. Oh,


Apple Cart is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. You can apply on your iPhone in minutes and start using it right away. You'll learn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Start holiday shopping for your friends and family today with Apple card subject to credit approval. Apple card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


Okay. Bacon lovers. Let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon. Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich, smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Meyer smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day, twice as long as most bacon is smoke. So for that savory, smoky, big cut bacon, keep it Oscar, listen Pat and tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Restoform Mattress. This state of art memory foam technology will have you feeling like your sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 Hours. That's the same amount of time. Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah, while you're sleeping, Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon you'll dream about. Keep it. Oscar.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. We've partnered with them to make this holiday season even better. With all the shopping, gifting, and holiday prep. My PayPal debit card is my go-to for getting more outta my purchases. Here's how it works. I choose my monthly category, gas, restaurants, apparel, groceries, health and beauty. Or just for the holiday season tech. And I earned 5% cash back on up to a thousand bucks in the purchases in those categories. Yeah, 5% cash back. This month I'm gonna go with tech. It's my category. It's a no brainer. Right? Everybody loves the latest tech gifts. So whether it's stuff for the fam or adding new gadgets to my personal collection, that cash back adds up fast. So this holiday season, let the PayPal debit card do the heavy lifting. Sign up for the card when you download the PayPal app. Then pay in store and online and get cash back with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limits apply. See PayPal dot com slash rewards pal. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bankcorp Bank. NA pursuant to a license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


This is John Miko from three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're in the garage, your favorite room in the house, and you're tuning up your engine with parts you found on eBay. Every piece is just locking perfectly into place. You step back to admire your work, hands covered in grease. And because you're committed to driving that thing further, then the odometer can even handle you start thinking to yourself, you know what? I could probably use some new brakes, some shocks and struts. This baby deserves a new air filter. So you head right back to eBay, you can find any part you need. It's unreal from wipers and headlights to cold air, intakes, exhaust systems, and even that turbo you've had on your mind. eBay is that stock garage of your dreams. And you've got eBay guaranteed fit because eBay knows DIY. Fixes can be major and mods are also intense. So you need to know those parts are guaranteed to fit every time before you dive in wrench first. And in the off chance you order a part and it doesn't fit, send it back. Simple as that. You know what you love more than the car itself is driving it. You're serious when it comes to engine maintenance and locked in when you're headed into a build. And that's exactly why you start with eBay. Minor fix or complete overhaul. You want to get your ride back on the road and you've got eBay guaranteed fit. So eBay created my garage where all you had to do is add your rides info to get exact parts that fit. When you see that green check, you're a click away from that part clicking perfectly into place. So now that you know all that, imagine standing at that open garage door looking at the car you love. More than anything, knowing that anything is possible. Whether it's keeping it on the road forever or turning it into something that's never been on the road before. Because with eBay, your garage just got a whole lot bigger. Get all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time eBay things people love.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch the T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep and switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device. Credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card, has no cash access and expires in six Months.


You know, Joe had a situation where after the, during the game, his home was invaded. Joe is someone that's been through that. Yes. You feel like your privacy has been invaded by the worst way. Somebody came into your home uninvited, went through ramble through. I don't know if they take, took anything. And like you said, Joe, you know, you, you know, you play, you ask to be a professional athlete to be in this role, but it doesn't make it easier. Yeah. And it seems to be something that's reoccurring Ocho that, and it said it's a gang that came up from South America and they're targeting athletes while they're playing. Because if you play, you clearly you're not home. And the likelihood of somebody being there because hey, family, friends and loved ones, they're gonna be at the game watching you.


So this is the best time in the, you know, it's a, it's a coordinated attack, but I don't wish bad on nobody. But I'm gonna tell you what my grandma used to say, but I don't wish bad on nobody. But I don't wish good on them either. So if, and I saw two day at this press conference say he's had armed security, say, y'all, y'all might need to think, y'all might need to think twice. Joe Burrow issued a statement addressing the burglary that occurred at his Cincinnati area home while the Bengals were on the road to face the Cowboys. I feel like my privacy has been violated in more ways than one and is already out there. And I want, I would want out there. And that's more than I care to share.


We live a public life. One of the least favorite parts of that is the lack of privacy. I agree. And that's been difficult for me to deal with my entire career. Tua announced that he has hired armed security to guard his house. Just let it be known they armed. And I hope if you decide to go to my house, oh Man, that's, that's, that's, it's crazy, huh? It's crazy. We, we, we, we are in different times. We're we're, we're in different times as people. We're in different times economically. And you know, people are doing what's necessary to, I, I don't even know. I I don't even know the way to put it. They're taking chances.


They're taking life altering chances. Yeah. They take from others and their hard work, you know, and they willing to do whatever. Hey, they, they listen And I'm willing to do whatever to protect them Eye for eye, you know? But man, that, that's unfortunate. And back, back to the situation with obviously contractually from, from a business standpoint, it, it's impossible. I, I I, I love the words that all the players are saying about T one to stay. And I'm sure we have a lot of Bengal fans in the chat. I think it would be unfair to t it would be unfair to Jamar Chase, who is, is is due a, a hefty a hefty deal, you know?


And I think it's, I think it's also, oh yeah. Knowing from a business standpoint, it's impossible to pay Chase and t it's impossible to pay Chase what he's worth and pay t Yeah, for sure. What he's worth as well. And still having the same, at some point, the person that would be getting the shit into the stick is t Higgins. I think T Higgins deserves to go to a team where he can be the number one guy. It could be his show and he can get the money that he deserves as a number one receiver, which I see him as. I love the thought of t still being there, but the way the business works, you can't afford both of 'em. You just can't. I know Joe, Joe Burrow is saying all the right things and I would love to see both of 'em stay there. But it's just impossible.


It's just impossible. It's just impossible because of the type of receiver. Yeah. And that t Higgins is, you don't, you don't, you don't, you don't take a hometown discount. You don't take a pay cut because you only get so many chances. You, you only get No, not the First one. Not the first Ocho No, no, no, no, no. Not the first contract. You don't take no. Now if you want to take one down the road, Ocho, you done stack some chips. Yeah. And we wanna try to keep this thing together and win a championship. But not the first one. The first one. You, I'm trying to get every, Because with this game, with this game of football, you need your security and you're getting older. You don't get younger, it's not going, it's not going backwards. Nope. So You listen, as much as I love the thought of t stand there, like he deserves his money, the right money, not just anything.


Now we just gonna throw you this and man, and see if you gonna be happy. Nah man, come on. Nah, nah man. You can't, you can't do him like That. Nah, you nah, you can't do it like that. Yeah. Nah. Hey, so, and Joe's like, Hey, my privacy been invaded a oh, because I think Littley, oh, we Had a little littley Over there. Joe didn't want y'all to know about Thaty. Yeah. Yeah. Over there, you know, you know, early in the morning, You know, you know Joe JoeGon hand me something, JoeGon hand a knife. Right, right. I blame privacy. But he don't want people to know go bing. That's the, because guess what?


Right. They sports illustrator or somebody model called the police. Right, right. They had to police just Say somebody called the police. Oh they, that's All y'all had To do. I know you gotta leave your name now. You know, when you call 9 1 1, you gotta think, who am I, who am I speaking to? Ah, yeah, Your big neck man. And Hey, that, that's how it got out. But listen, that, that's the life, that's the life you live, man. That's the life you live. It's the price. It is the price you pay for Fame and being who you are. Yo, Yoda, rose, hey Nightcap ing Ocho. We know you guys dominated football, but what other sports were you good at? What made you stick with football as a career? Yeah. I ain't got play no choice but stick to football. It was the only way out I wanted to be just like it.


There was no other outlet. You know, I wish it, I definitely wasn't gonna to be no academic scholar. Yeah, No, You would definitely wanna be the road scholar. You can't read a roadmap. You definitely ain't be the road scholar. Yeah. No man. I mean, for me, look foot when people think I'm lying, but football was my worst sport. Basketball, I was better at basketball. I was better at track and field. But I wanted to be just like my brother. And people think I'm lying. When I said my first college girlfriend looked just like him. He'll tell you, my sister will tell you.


My mom will tell you my college girlfriend, they could have been sisters. Same haircut, same build, same. I'm same comple Ocho. I'm telling you, if you didn't know, you would swear they were sisters and they were, they had to be eight, 10 years apart. My brother Tammy was the, and call her name Lord have mercy. She was the, she was the same, she was the same age as my brother. So you still, you still talk to him? I'm three years younger than my brother Cookie.


No, Three years. So probably about six or seven years, huh? No, I mean we hadn't talked. We you Don't about re killing that flame. 30, 30 Years probably. Nah, she done, she got remarried. She had Mo No man, she got what? Come on, Ocho. After 30. Can I tell you something? She got Remarried. Can I tell you something? Married, Not remarried. She got married Just because as a goal And gold doesn't mean you can't score. Yeah, No. Nah, That I can, Hey, I can score with the gold LA in there.


It easy. I'm talking about easy. No, no, no. Oh, you got your house something. Oh shit. Got a I Oh, one hour. What You look? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Okay, okay. Okay. 25. What time To be alive? Yeah. 25 Mm. That little Gonna be good. 24 was good, right? 24 was good. I mean there are few hiccups there. A few hiccups on you. Don't get me wrong. Don't get me wrong. There was some vehicles in 24, 25. You gonna be Alive. Ooh Lord.


Yeah. What a time. Yeah. Yeah. We gonna, we gonna, Houston, I move. I ain't gonna tell Ashley Jordan nothing about it. Huh? Yeah, no, no. I More do you think I Can't, You ready to do what? You got your damn mind. All of it. Bungee Vision said Uncle Ocho. It's me and my baby brother birthday Saturday. It's seven years apart.


I turned the big four. Okay. You guys give me an early birthday. Shout out. Yes, bro. Happy birthday bro. 40 the big four. Oh man. It seemed like just yesterday. Lemme stop lying. It wasn't yesterday or the day before that. I turned 40, but I remember. Ooh, that was good on time. Wasn't like 30. Ooh, 30. Yeah. That's all Ocho 30 with grade 30 with grade Ocho. Oh my God. Dang. Who happened? This little, this little thing. Hold me up like this in Ocho Ocho. Right. I thought I was, I thought I was. I thought I was.


You were. Okay. Yeah. Damn. Where's she at? I never get 30. God damn. You letting everybody get married. She married you. What you mean? I'm right. Right, right, right. That Ain't let, that ain't something you let somebody do. Yeah. Nah. Yeah, but she was, she was a, she was good people. She was a very good person. Oh man. I seen. Yeah. Dang. Probably in the last, I seen a lot of 'em get married, man.


Right, right, right. Ain't nothing, ain't nothing bad. But I just, I'm happy o I'm happy. I want you to have that same feeling that they have. I want you to find part. Yeah, No, for I want you to find your person. Oh, I do. Trust me, judge. I have that feeling. Look What sparks that. Yeah. Hey man, look here. They already know. Hey, when I show up, I got that spark wood on me. Now I'm just letting y'all like, I, I got pay. Yeah, I sure I sure like me, some of that supply Replenish my supply lie.


Yeah. Don't do that low. What If I did two of what would happen? Ojo, you Don't do it. Don't Do it. Devil himself, he showed up. Nah, Nah, Don't, don't do it. Don't do it, don't you? Okay. Okay. Okay. Now yet out. Sometimes you can come on man. Don't do it. What I'm saying over you. What I'm saying, Don. Yeah. Look here. If I'm gonna cheat, I'm gonna make a hundred on the test.


I ain't gonna get no 90. You ain't or nothing. That's a good one. Stomach. Listen, if you an empty stomach, you want the pill to do all the, I want, I want the blood to go to one place. I want blow to one place. That's it. I don't need nothing. No, no digestion. I don't need nothing. Yeah. Do you know I might pass out man, please.


No. You talk about, hey, I ain't eating nothing, eat nothing. I don't drink Nothing. Right. Because I ain't gonna mess with no good wood. You know what I'm saying? Don't eat nothing. I got, sometimes you mess up a good wood. Thank you Ro, appreciate that. Hey hugging, don't you Glad to make it back to a live stream. Law school is killing me, man. Congratulations. My wife and I are expecting. So I want to ask, being a father means to the both of you, bro. For me, it's the responsibility of knowing I have something, someone to count on that's dependent on me.


I have something to come home to, something to someone that I hope that one day is gonna look up to me and says I wanna be like him. I wanna work hard. I wanna be respectful. I wanna be humble. Man. It's, it is. I remember the first time my kids called me dad because, you know, you know what I'm saying? To to hear dad? Yeah. One the greatest, one of the greatest feelings in the world, man. B, f all It is, it absolutely is. Oh yeah. Now don't come with it doesn't come without trial and tribulations. Now, trust me, especially if you got daughters, Ain't ain't nothing better.


Boy. I mean, sometimes I be wanting, I want put 'em in the headlock girl. Don't You gotta Tell me if you got, if you had teenage daughters, you know what I'm talking about, man. Ooh Lord. But you know what? Yeah. It takes all that to build a solid foundation. 'cause you really don't know. Oh yeah. You gotta go through some adversity. They gonna try you now at some point. You gotta whole firm. You still gotta be dad. Like I tell them, Hey, the relationship ain't gonna change.


I'm always gonna be dad. You always gonna be the child and I'm gonna love you. What? There gonna be a time and a place that a, I'm really not gonna be able to control anything for Yourself. Yeah. I'm just gonna be able to advise you and then you have to make the best decision for you. That's it. But until then, get your ass in the house, The


Volume. Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, hell, who doesn't? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect the smoky flavor. That length of time you can fly from Miami to Los Angeles and back from Los Angeles to Miami. 12 long hours. That's about how long it takes Oscar Meyer to smoke their bacon. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon right now


From hobby farmers to weekend gardeners and everyone in between. Tractor Supply trusts 5G Solutions from T-Mobile for business to make shopping more personal. Together we're connecting over 2200 stores with 5G business, internet, and empowering AI so team members can match shoppers with products faster. You're all Set. This is enriching customer experience. This is Tractor Supply with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash Now,


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite Check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


What gift are you going to get? That person that's impossible to shop for? Give the gift of sound. J Lab has the perfect gift for anyone with a variety of styles, sizes, and colors. And they have products for under $100, under $50, and even under $25. I love that. Save up to 60% on select Jlab products this holiday season on jlab.com. Look for the JLAB Blue box at retailers everywhere. Or visit j lab.com today.