
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Pros trust The Home Depot for heavy duty storage solutions for any job site org garage. Right now get up to 25% off select online storage and organization impact and water resistant totes and shelving built to hold up to 2,500 pounds. Storage systems. Have space for all your tools and protect them in the garage, on the job site, and everywhere in between. Save time and maximize efficiency. With adjustable shelving, customize to your business needs. Shop and save on pro grade storage at The Home Depot. How pros get more done.


The Apple Watch series 10 is here. It has the biggest display ever. It's also the thinnest Apple Watch ever making it even more comfortable on your wrist, whether you're running, swimming or sleeping. And it's the fastest charging Apple Watch getting you eight hours of charge in just 15 minutes. The Apple Watch series 10 available for the First time in glossy jet black aluminum compared to previous generations. iPhone tennis are later required charge time and actual results will vary.


Amazon Pharmacy presents painful thoughts. The guy in front of me in the pharmacy line is halfway through an incredibly detailed 17 minute story about his gout. A story likely more painful than the gout itself. Next time, save yourself the pain and let Amazon Pharmacy deliver your meds right to your door. Amazon Pharmacy, healthcare just got less painful.


This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly. Set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with realtime notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, An official sports betting partner of the NBA A all 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hey, hey. How's everybody doing? Thank you. Thank you so much for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite aunt. Thank you for joining us after the Lions. So up the number one seed in the NFC with a 31 9 victory over the Minnesota Vikings. They get the first round by Minnesota 14 wins will be the number five seed and they're headed on the road. Y'all know me again. I am your favorite. Shannon Sharp, bad guy. Liberty City's zone. Bingo. Ring of Fame artery. The Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ocho C go Cancun. Yes sir. 1, 2, 3 Cancun. That's on you. That's on you.


Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys. We have so many people in the chat waiting and we could not wait to talk to you. At least I couldn't wait to talk to you. Have a lot of good things to share. Ooh, y'all. See y'all like my role. Y'all like this. Lemme just look at it right here. Look, matter of fact, they gonna be up on the site on behalf these on the site. Bronco country. If you want to a jersey, I be a Road, which the number favorite player number on the back. I'm gonna have these things up on the site shortly. Give us a couple of weeks. We gonna get these things going for y'all.


'cause that's the least we could do for teams that go to the playoffs. Hey, check out My Shade by La Portier. We have it in stock. Hey, if you can't find it in the city or state near you 2025, there's a lot to celebrate. There are 14 teams fan base are celebrating. What better way to continue the celebration than with a bottle of shade by LA Porter. If you can't find in the city or state near you, reach out, order it. We'll ship it directly to you. And please, please drink responsibility. Make sure you go follow my media company page on all of this platform. That's she. Shea Media and my clothing company 84 newest release just dropped last month. Shirts, sweats be cos and mugs. Quantities are limited.


So please make sure you get yours while supplies last. Tickets for the Super Bowl show. New Orleans, our first spring tour. Stop. Tickets are on sale February 6th in New Orleans. Be there. Got very special guests lined up for you. Ah, and we've also got a special guest joining the show a little later. But first, the game that you just watched. The lions, despite all of their injuries dominate. Mm. Ag caught a heck of a game because Minnesota had it so many times. Go to go in the red zone and ag said, nah bro, y'all ain't gonna get number to field goals. Y'all will not break into our homes.


So despite all the injuries the lions defense turned into a MA turned their masterpiece in. Limited the Vikings and that high powered offense. Pro Bowl wide receiver, pro Bowl quarterback said no thank you. The reward home field advantage throughout the playoffs. Dan Campbell tells Kevin O'Connell, I'll see you in two weeks during the post game handshake. If Minnesota beats the Rams in LA next week, they could potentially be right back here at the in Detroit for the rematch Ocho. Yes sir. Jerry go. Didn't play his best game. He turned the ball over. But Jamir Gibbs ran wild. 23 carriers a buck 39, 3. I repeat three touchdowns. Jerry Golf was 27 to 33.


2 31, 1 touchdowns, two interceptions. But when they had to have it, they got it. Yep. They did a great job of pressuring Sam Donald all night flustered him. 18 or 41, a buck 66 was sacked twice. No touchdowns, no interception. Yeah. What did you like about what you saw? Listen Ag called a hell of a game. You said it. He called, he called one hell of a game. Obviously keeping Sam Donald off script, making him uncomfortable, not allowing him to settle in and find rhythm with, with add God damnit with Addison. God damn Jefferson Hawkinson.


Obviously Jared Goff not playing his best game tonight, but when he, when he needed to make certain throws, he was able to make them. But Jamir Gibb showed the load. He showed it the load and did what he needed to do to carry the team. And that's what happened tonight. Most of the time you would think with it being a has happy ha a pass happy league the way it is outside of the, the Detroit, I mean outside the Baltimore Ravens, you expect them to own a game using the run game. I didn't expect that from Detroit. I didn't, I didn't expect it from Detroit. Not with, not with just Gibb. Maybe if Montgomery was there, will you have your two-headed mustard? But for them to be able to do it with Gibbs and him to run crazy the way he did tonight.


What did he have? What? Oh what? 1 61, 1 77? No, he had 23 carriers of buck 39. He had three touchdowns on the ground and he had one touchdown through the air. So Gibbs had four total touchdowns. It was my mistake. Yeah. 23 4 buck 39, 3 rushing touchdowns. And he caught a fourth in goal on a Texas route. Yeah. He loves that little Texas route. Texas where he starts about and he angles it back in again. Some people call it angle, some people call it Texas. We called it Texas and, but we also had an angle route. He was sensational tonight. Yeah man. He was every, you could understand why he's going to the Pro Bowl representing the NFC running backs in the Pro Bowl Ocho. Yeah. 'cause he was sensational. It's Saquon, Jamir Gibbs and Josh Jacobs represent the A FC at the running back position in the Pro Bowl.


But this was a running game. This was the running attack and that defense having al, I think that's how he said his name back. He was back after breaking his forearm. He had the picture on, I think it was on IG or Twitter where he showed all the staples that was in his arm. He came back, he added a spark, a juice to that. And they did a great job. They did a great job of limiting Jefferson. They did a great job of harassing Sam Donna all night. Sam Donald did not look good tonight. I know that goes a lot to that Detroit defense. Defense. Even though they're injured. The one thing I love about Dan Campbell, he does not make excuses and he does not, he does not give his team Right the ability to make excuses because he says it doesn't matter who's out there.


I expect my team to go out there and play very, very well. And they've done just that. And by doing that tonight, they sew up home field advantage throughout. As long as they win. You're gonna have to go through Detroit in order to get to New Orleans. 31 9 over Minnesota. Detroit we cut. We saw this thing building LA Well the year before, I think they won like their last six or seven games and you saw it building. Yeah, last year they got a kind of little slow start, but they picked it up, got all the way to the NFC championship game. Right. If I'm not mistaken, had like a 17 seven lead at half and kind of squandered that thing away. But this year knowing and learning from what transpired last year, Ocho Yeah.


This looks like an improved team. This look like a team that's hungry. They have something to prove. That's a dangerous man. That's a dangerous team. When you have something to prove and you go out there and do it week in and week out and you have to be impressed with what you saw from Detroit. Yeah, Most definitely. Listen, not only press what we saw from Detroit, not in this game just on, but what we've seen from them all season. But Dan be able to do for the culture, you know, in Detroit and for that locker room and that franchise and coming in with the attitude that he has. You know, everybody was laughing at him when he first got there talking about he gonna bite on kneecaps, you know, can jokes Wee bee we laughing at and not, not knowing, not understanding. Listen in what a 3, 3, 4 year span franchise is completely turned around it.


It is no longer a laughing stock, you know. So now you know, based on what he's been able to do, obviously getting the right pieces around him and you know, Jerry Golf and some of the other fellows, Jamir Gibbs and and Montgomery, Jamon Williams, Martin Ross, St. Brown and, and some defensive players. Brian Branch, one of the best in the game, dude. They are Super Bowl contenders now. Yeah. Foot short. In such a short span. The thing is, is that it only matters 15 and two is great and I don't wanna minimize that. Right. But when it matters, can you beat 15 and two?


Because now it's zero. Zero. Yeah. You have to play your best in order to advance. You can't turn the ball over like you did today and expect to beat these teams. No, you pay double for turnovers from playoff time and Detroit's gonna have, and golf is gonna have to play better. I believe he will. But Jamir Gibbs, they leaned heavily on. Right. He's so explosive. I mean he hit a crease byebye and he's a threat to hit his head on the Gold Coast. Yep. Bye-bye. He, he, he was sensational tonight. They needed it. Almond Ross St. Brown came up with big third down catch after big third time down catch. So did La Porta Jay Mo had a couple of big catches in there.


And that's what you have to do. You have to stay on the field on third down because the more a that wears on the defense. Yeah. The more you stay on the field and pick up those third downs. Because all you wanna do is get to the third down defense. Let's get 'em to third down. Let's get off the field. Right. Well damn, we got 'em at third down man. Man, we got 'em third and eight. We got 'em third and 12. Damn. They got another first down. They got another first down. And if you see all of a sudden that le when the levee broke, you see Ocho? Yeah. It went 1724 third bam. Just like that Up on you. Just like the a When the levee When the levee burst, yeah. It was over and there was nothing, there was nothing Minnesota could do.


So congratulations to the Detroit Lions. Detroit stand up. You have a potential Super Bowl team. They get a week off. I saw Kevin Zeitler the right, I think that's the guard that ended up tweaking his hamstring. That's probably why Pierce. You see Pierce, Hey we talked about big bag getting that little 70 yesterday. Ojo, you see big bag, pull that thing up. He's like, nah, that's too far to run. I haven't run that far in 20 years. Ain't no sense. Ain't no sense in me trying to do that now. Ain't no sense if me trying to do it now. Congratulations. Detroit 31 9 over Minnesota 15 and two. Detroit number one seed in the NFC Minnesota 14 and three.


Now they head took, they head on the road, they will face the LA Rams, which lost the day to Seattle. Had they won, they would've been three seed, right? They lost the four C. Tampa is now the three seed Tampa, the three seed. And they'll face who's who. Who does Tampa face? Green Bay? No, Tampa face, Washington Green Bay. Green Bay faces the two seed. The Eagles. Oh yeah.


Ooh, that's gonna be a good one. Tampa Beat beat the commanders opening, opening day 37, 20 if I'm not mistaken. So the commanders are at home against Tampa Green Bay. Right. That's what I thought. Right. So there we have it Ocho there have been multiple teams that have expressed interest in trading for the Vikings head coach Kevin O'Connell, who's in the final year of his contract.


Right. And has had, had no extension talks per Dre Glazer, multiple teams have had him on their boards. That would be, for me, that seems foolish that Minnesota would trade the guy. Right. That's done so much for you over the last couple of years. They missed the playoffs last year because a lot of that had to do with JJ got injured early, got Nick and you remember cousins towards Achiles. Yeah. The previous year. They went to the playoffs last year, they missed the playoffs. They had some injuries this year. 14 and three, they're back in the playoffs. Right. That seems really, really foolish that you got a young, you got a young head coach that seems to be the right guy for the job and you're willing to trade him for what draft picks.


I'm, I'm not sure. I Don't, I don't like, I'm not, I'm not, I don't, I don't like it. I don't know what you, lemme hear what you feel about it. I mean, I don I don't understand what management is doing. I don't understand what ownership is doing. Obviously you have a coach like that. Obviously he's getting the most out of his players. A a young coach at that and putting the franchise in a position where they're in contention every year. They're in contention every year. I don't, I don't think, I mean Minnesota would understand how difficult it is. Ownership would understand how difficult it is to get to the record they are right now as far as consistency goes year in and year out. Obviously some injuries happened that prevented them from going last year. But it just makes no sense why those talks hadn't have been had already. Maybe they, maybe they are going to take care of him, you know, when the off season hits.


But right now they're allowing Coach O'Connell to focus on you got your robe on the wrong way. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Don't me You you keep talking. Okay. Yeah. You worried about what I got by robe? BII know, I'm, I'm just saying. But yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm assuming they probably wanna work on something to allow Coach to focus on the, the, the rest of the season and trying to get to, to, to New Orleans instead of having contracts talks in the middle of the playoffs. So hoping, hoping it only makes sense that you, you take care of a coach that's had the type of success he's had since he's been there. Kevin O'Connell is in the final year of his contract next season. So he had, he coached this year.


So coming up the next season. Yeah. One more. He got one more. He's in the final season. Oh. So they, so hey, listen now, now this is, this is new to me. This is new to me. Now you know how players have a year on their deal. So they treat coaches the same way when they have a year left. They could look, it's not unknown. John Gruden got traded for two number ones and 8 million in cash Right. From the Raiders to Tampa. Coach Belichick went for number one from the Jets to the Patriots. Right. Herm ever Edwards got traded from the Jets to the Kansas City. So this is not unprecedented. Okay? This is not uncharted territory that we see coach coaches get traded for draft compensation.


Sean Payton got traded from New Orleans to the Broncos. He went for Nu for a first, a first round draft pick. Right? So this is not unchartered territory, but it doesn't make any sense to me considering, you know, Sean Peyton, he retired, you know, he was, you know, he retired and so clearly he didn't want to be there. So let's get something for it. Right? Al de Tampa. Like y'all, y'all want John Gruden, that band cost you two first round picks at 8 million. The the Glazer family said they gladly obliged it paid off. They won a Super Bowl, right. Coach Belichick the greatest trade, Hey the Jets got a first round pick for Coach Belichick. I think it worked out for, I think it worked out for the Patriot.


Very, very good. Not so well for the Jets, but it worked out very well for the Patriot. Yeah. So they got six championships out of that coach. Mm. That's pretty good. Yeah. Her coach Herm had some mixed results. He didn't win a championship there, but he had some mixed results. But I think it worked out very well for some of the coaches that got traded for draft compensation. I think everything went accord went, went very well for the team that gave up the draft picks. But it doesn't, but it doesn't, doesn't make sense to me to do it. If the Vikings lose to the Rams next week, they'd be ING four versus the Rams and the Lions this year. 14 and oh against every other team. Mm. So they've lost twice to Detroit.


Right? They've lost one to the Rams and if they lose again they'd be o and four against the Rams in Detroit. So obviously the Rams did not play all their guys today. I think Puku was out, Stafford was out. So there were a couple of guys that did not play today. And so, but I was happy for Gino 'cause Gino had a lot of incentives. Oh yeah. 10 wins, $2 million completion percentage he met that have better stance than he had last year. So he picked up a quick $6 million. I'm happy for Gino. Yeah. Thought he got a bum rap and New York and the Jets. But I'm glad Gino, you found the home. Congratulations bro.


You played really, really well.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps back. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp Bank, north America or Stride Bank, north America members FDIC. SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Oh, it's such a clutch off season pickup Dave. I know, right? I was worried we'd bring back the same team. Oh no, I meant those blackout motorized shades. MVP of the room. W.com made it crazy affordable to replace our old blinds. Hard to install. No, it's easy even you could do it. Nice. I installed these and then got some from my mom too. You fly across the country to do the install. Nope. blinds.com can do it all. All she had to do was pick what she wanted. She talked to a design consultant for free and scheduled a professional measure and install. Look at You. A Hall of Fame son. Oh, I just picked the winning team. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in the world. Ho Ho blinds.com is the goat, the Goat Shop blinds.com right now and get up to 40% off select styles. Plus a free professional measure and a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Save up to 40 percent@blinds.com. blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


Amazon Pharmacy presents painful thoughts. The guy in front of me in the pharmacy line is halfway through an incredibly detailed 17 minute story about his gout. A story likely more painful than the gout itself. Next time, save yourself the pain and let Amazon Pharmacy deliver your meds right to your door. Amazon Pharmacy, healthcare just got less painful.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about faith. This and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. Yeah. All you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games they've come in and haven't scored 20 points. And you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this. We'll, we'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you Will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast.


Oh and now. Yuck. The Broncos defeated the Chiefs. 38 Nothing. 38. Nothing. Now here's the thing. Now last week now I tried to tell Ojo, I say the man that laughs loudest, the man who laughs last laughed loudest. And they said, why you say that? Because he will be the only one laughing. He will be the only one laugh that you'll hear. Don't you love me with a plan? Come together. Now, last week I did. Hey, I don't wanna, if your team did not win, I don't wanna hear you say foot or ball. So this is what we gonna do right now. If your team is not going to the playoffs, I don't wanna hear you say play or offs.


And I don't want you to use a word with play or off in it. So you can't say playground playtime, playmate. I don't wanna hear none of that. I don't wanna hear you say PlayStation. I don't wanna hear you. I don't wanna hear you say French bro. I gotta play date. And a matter of fact, I don't wanna hear you say Playboy Cardi. And guess what? You can't say off. I don't wanna hear you say Offset. My favorite artist is Offset. Don't you mention Offset. I don't want you to tell us about the, Hey, can you turn the lights off? Leave them on. I don't wanna hear any word come outta your mouth to have play or off in it. Now you hear me? Don't say playground. Yeah, don't say I was playing around. Okay.


I wouldn't hear none of that. I Got you. But let, I don't wanna hear none of that. Are you, are you, can I ask you something? Can I ask you something? And, and it this is this favor, everybody's in the chat that happened to be, that happened to be a Bronco fan. All you really happy with today's win, despite what the implications of Atic are. Are you, are you happy with today's win? Despite the implications on what today's win meant? What a Minute. Well, hey, hold on. Wait, lemme finish. Lemme finish with the team. With the effort that the chiefs put out there, the chief didn't even try, they didn't even do it. They ain't even pick. Oh, why you concern was somebody else's effort. What about your team's effort? What, what about your team's effort in September? What about your team's effort in October? What about your team's effort in, in November?


You keep saying we got up to that slow start. Well, considering you won your last five, hold on. Consider you won your last five games. Yeah. So you won. So you won nine games total. You won your last five. So what happened in September, October and November that caused y'all to lose and ain't win or four games? Well, listen, when it comes to the game of football, it's all about ups and downs. It's okay. Y'all were Down. Yeah, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's ups and downs. So that's what happened in September and October. That's what happened. But what we did, Y'all November two, don't you leave out November. We wasn't that bad in November. We started winning at the end of November, considering December. Consider you, you Ocho y'all won nine games total. You won your last five. Right? So that means you won every game in December and won in January.


So that means in September, October and November, you want a grand total of four game. But So you want, you wanna rephrase that? Okay. Listen, you have to understand Unc we lost some very close game. There was some very close game with some close calls. But where there was a little help on the Zebra side, you know I Yeah. That with the Zebra. Yeah. I listen uncle, you watch, you watch this all season long now. I watch all season Now offensively. You know, we started off slow defensively. We didn't start playing well until the back half of the season. I'm talking about the back, back half of the season. But you know, you know it seems Like the thing, all the quarterbacks, the quarterbacks like to get gifts. I got the Bengal, I got them that are that hefty baton.


Who's that? So, you know, you gotta clean out your locker tomorrow. I got you some luggage. I got the boy from luggage that's this empty baton to put all this stuff in to make sure they get it from point A to point B. Oh man, you listen. No, you, you ain't gotta do that. 'cause you know I I I got something for you. I got something for you. Since, since you talking sporty right? Since you're talking Spie, I run Me my money. I know that you ain't mentioned up about my money Owe you a thousand, right? No. You owe me a thousand on top of the three you already owe me. Now I want you run me my money. I'm back at 4,000 again. Sure is. Okay. You was at three. But you, you see I told you I said Ocho. Okay. I don't wanna bet you. Listen, I don't wanna do this Ocho I'm gonna, I'm gonna give you money.


I'm gonna give you my where you want, where you want me to give it to you at? You want me Zelle it to you? I can zelle it to you right now. No, Don't, no, no, no, no, no, no. Don. No I can to you. Matter of fact, nope. I wanna Pay my, I wanna pay my Debt. You gonna let talk Ocho? Huh? It's my turn now. I want thousand dollars. Right? Thousand dollars. How you on it? Buffalo Niels run four grand at Buffalo. Niels. Hey.


Huh? How you want, man? Come on man. For real. I want Buffalo, Niels. I don't, I don't know what no Buffalo Nickels Is. Don't worry about it. That's not your job. Go to the bank, go to the cashier and say you like $4,000 in Buffalo nickels. Is there a such thing? Whoa. I I'm just, is is there such thing Doing me like this? Oh my gosh, I've never heard of anything called Buffalo Niels. That's not a currency. That's not a currency here in the States. Can I please just sell you your money so I ain't got to hear nothing about it no more? Teddy says no. Teddy Bear says no, you cannot sell me my money.


Or you gimme $4,000 in wheat pennies. Who? $4,000 in wheat pennies. What's what? What's a wheat penny? Whoa, whoa, whoa. You, you know what, what I'm noticing is you asking a lot of questions. What I'm asking, they write nothing down. I'm asking a lot of questions because down here in Miami, at Bank of America, at Chase, at Navy Federal, we don't talk, we don't know nothing about no wheat. Pennies. We don't know nothing about. We don't know nothing about no Buffalo Nickels. I've never heard of these phrases. I won Buffalo Nickels and I told you I don't have Cash App. So you can't say me nothing. I I ain't even mention Cash App. Everybody has Zelle. Huh? I don't have Zelle. You Have, you have an iPhone, don't you?


Yes. Okay. You got Apple Pay. I can Apple pay it to you then. I ain't got no Apple Pay. I got Ocho Pay now. Run me my money. I'm trying, I'm trying to, I'm trying to pay you. You talking About keep on talking about what you got and all this right here. But first of all, first of all, why you talking? 'cause you, you asked me questions. Talking, you asking, You asked me Questions. Cut your ass down before I make change. Listen, listen. I said Ocho please. I said Ocho, get up off me. I was down last week. I said Ocho, come on Ocho. You gotta be, don't you say foot as a matter of fact, don't even make reference to a ball. I don't wanna hear you say soccer. I don't wanna hear you say basket because they use ball.


I said, come on Ocho. Yeah man, we that was, nah. So now boy, look here. But listen, you know what you, you, you a little, you a little too happy now. You very, very happy. You know who y'all gotta play in the first round? Huh? I I tell you, I tell you a, You know who y'all gotta play in the first round, right? So I make sure I want you to say I sure on hold on next week's episode when I bring some trash bags in here. When I bring, and I, and we break it down Cancun on 3 1, 2, 3 Cancun. I don't want to hear nothing For the chat. I want you to say what you just said. You say, oh, do you know who y'all play next week? Right? I want you to doubt. I want to know Ocho, who does the bingos play next week?


Oh, So you happy, you happy we went home? I don't, hold On, hold on. You think I take great pleasure in this? Let me ask, lemme ask you, lemme ask you something and this for the people in the go ahead. Ask me if you a Bronco fan, are you that happy that we got a vacation a week earlier than you? That's it. That's all it is. We got a vacation a week earlier than you. 'cause you gonna be home next week too. And I'm, I'm gonna help you pack, I'm gonna help you pack what you got? Hey, hey, listen. Hey listen. Hey one, hey, that's that boy right there, man.


Nah, no. Whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. That's that boy. Why are you talking about my team? That's, that's that, boy. Now I'm not talking about your team. I'm talking about the individual that happened to play for your team. That's my team. I'm talking about the individual that happens to play for your team. Yeah, he, He knight. I can't believe this man talking about somebody that plays in the blue and orange. No, no, no, no, no, no. Don't. As a Matter of fact, I'm Embarrassed. Don't do that. The orange that your team has orange in their colors. Hey, don't do that. I'm disgusted, George. Why? Why want on Laier glass in somebody? Shea off the Counter. What you finna celebrate? Whoa, whoa, whoa. I'm just saying it's gonna be a, it's gonna be a short celebration. I don't know why you celebrating.


Can I ask you a question? Can I ask you a question? Yeah. Do you know who you guys are planning in the first round next week? Who? Y'all not. Okay, I understand that you scared to say the name. I don't. We play Buffalo. Okay. Okay. You know who y'all playing at In Buffalo? Am am Amway Stadium or whatever. I think that's the name of It. Okay? I'm just making sure you know what Josh Allen finna do to y'all? He finna send you home packing, okay? He finna see you home packing. How that make, how, how that make you feel. So you get and listen, you getting all hype, you happy, but you getting ready to go home. Anyway, next week, all us gonna be in Cancun. Okay? Ocho, we gonna get back to this. We got a very special guest joining us right now.


We got a very special guest joining us. There he goes, tm. He tomorrow on Netflix, he faces Seth Rollins, WWE Raw on Netflix, CM Punk C him. What it do? Don't mind me, cm, I got a little celebration. I got a little celebration going. I'm celebrating you. I'm drinking my Celebrate me. We celebrating us. I'm drinking my sparkling water for, for, for, For both of you gentlemen. How you guys doing tonight? Ah, Cm. See, I'm not feeling Good. I'm much better than my partner. I'm not feeling good. Cm, my bangal are going home. My bangal are going home. Uncle's making fun of me. He's embarrassing me in front of people I love in the chat.


Yeah. Other then I'm trying to find a way to get over it. I'm trying to find ways to get around the fact that we, not only did we lose, you know, the Chiefs didn't even try today. They didn't even pinch the Broncos. You know, they didn't fight. They didn't, they just laid down. They laid down. So I have, I have no way to actually, to fight for myself. I'm doing everything I can. Not to cry tonight, I, so far I'm, I'm doing okay. Emotion. Just keep Your head above water. If I could give you any bit of advice, I, this coming don't, this is coming from a, a Chicago sports fan. Oh, bears Cubs, right? There's always next year, Chad. Okay. There's always next year.


I Like that. I'll take that. Yeah, that's what I was gonna get. Your Bears did something that hadn't been done since 2018. They beat the Green Bay Packers. It was the final game of the season, but it showed, hopefully it gave you hope, showed you what could potentially be for your Chicago Bears Hope is is a four letter word in, in Chicago sports. There was hope at the beginning of the season. I, I just am comforted in the fact that I can at least make fun of the Green Bay Packers and their fans for losing to this bear squad. That that's the hope. That's the, that's the silver lining in the Bears game today.


Sam, tell us a little bit about tomorrow's match. WWE Raw on Netflix. You are battling Seth Rollins. Yes. Now this is a, this is a beef that you guys have had brewing for an extended period of time. Yeah. Are we going to settle this tomorrow? I, I would love to say yes, but for some reason there's a lot of guys in the wrestling business that have these abandonment issues when it comes to me. Like, I don't know if they didn't have like a real strong father figure or whatever. But no, I I, I would love to say I'm, I'm moving on to, to bigger and better things. I would love to be wrong about that too, but I, I, I think this is, this is one of those, this is one of those Hogan Savage deals that's gonna just go on for as long as the beef has already been festering, you know, 10 plus years.


We're talking a decade here. I don't, I don't think even as big a night is debut on Netflix. And then no matter how bright the lights are, I think this one's gonna fester for a while. So what would it be, what would be your message to Rollins and his fans coming in? Tomorrow's, tomorrow's match. What, what's your message? What do you, what, what do you wanna say to him if he's listening right now? I know some of his fans are. Yeah. But if he was listening right now, what would you tell him? I'd say the same thing I just said to Mr. Ochocinco, you know, there's always next year, you know, I know Cry, cry, cry about it. You know, I, I I get it, but you know, tomorrow's not your night.


Right. Oh, man, If lemme ask you this and if you win tomorrow, do you have your eyes set on WrestleMania? I got my eyes set on WrestleMania. Yeah, but that's, that's a couple months away. The next step after I beat Rawless, tomorrow's world Rumble, you know? Okay. Like, you know, we don't got no off season here. It's just constantly go, go, go. I got some stuff to prove still, you know, I got hurt last year's rumble, so I'm, I'm, I'm still looking to come back and, and get, get a w in that, in that one. Lemme ask you this. You own like the Bears.


You were on Netflix special when they had the Christmas Day game and you were very outspoken about your Bears ownership. You like raw, y'all need to sell the team. Yeah. Because this is, this is, this has been terrible for a long time and it's been a long time coming. Given what you saw today, they beat the package for the First time in 5 0 5 years. Does that give you hope that they're trending in the right direction? That they have the right pieces in place even if they don't have a coach currently? Yeah, you know, I I I think the coach is obviously a big part of it. Unless they're gonna field the team with no coach, which might be kind of interesting at this point because, you know, we had Lovey Smith great coach, right? Yeah. Super, super elite dynamic.


Went 10 to six and got fired. Yeah. And he couldn't figure it out, you know, so after a while, listen, this is, I, I was born and raised in Chicago, 85 Bears. I could sing you the Super Bowl, shuffle backwards, you know what I mean? That I look back at it and historically everything I know now I look at that team and I'm like, that should have been the dynasty buddy Ryan dka. Like all those players, like when we only won one. And it just feels like as a Chicago sports fan, you get that one and then it just feels like another a hundred years of pain because you're just like, well we, we won then, you know, Cubs, Cubs fans a hundred, 108 years. Yeah. And now all of a sudden it's just like, oh, well, But you had Jordan vm, you had Jordan for those years.


Yeah. But that's, to me, that's the standard of being a Chicago sports fan brother. No. Like, yeah. Yeah. A hundred percent. Yeah. We expect and we demand greatness. You know, we get these generational players, these generational talents and stuff like that. I can only look at the management and the ownership after a while when all these pieces are in place and nothing works. You know, after a while looking at the McCaskey and I'm hearing chatter about, oh, we need a new stadium, you know, because the city owned soldier field and we're not getting concession money. And after a while I'm just like, okay, you just, you just greedy owner and you don't care about winning sports fans all across the world.


No matter where you are at whatever city you're in, you rep that city. You love that city. You show out to that city, you want winners. And that's the bottom line. I need a, I need an owner who's gonna feel the team of winners. See, lemme you, you mentioned that you got injured, you sustained an injury last year. Yeah. If you don't mind, reflect on that injury. What happened and what's the worst injury that you have sustained in your professional wrestling career? Oh man. This one was, I think this one was pretty bad just because of, you know, my age and everything. And I, I, okay. I tore my right tricep tendon completely off the bone. Okay. And that's a bad one. E especially. Yes. I think in football, that's normally a career end, if I'm not mistaken.


No, it's not a career, but it's normally season in. Okay. Yeah. Seasoned. And my, my season definitely ended that day. That's, that's, that's for certain. I, I had a, I had a night where I woe his mead and I, I cried about it and I was upset. I had just come back to the WWE after 10 years of being gone and was looking forward to doing a, you know, just awesome, awesome stuff. And it came to a screeching halt, you know? And as an athlete who's somebody who's active every day, you guys know if you can't, if you can't play, if you can't do what you do, if you can't go to the gym, you lose your mind. And I, man, I lost my mind. I felt bad about it for about eight minutes, had a cry.


And then realized that at that moment, it felt like the worst thing that had ever happened to me. So I wanted to do the impossible and flip it and make it the best thing that ever happened to me. You know, I think we did that over the year. Fortunately for me, you know, in the sport and in the business we're in, we don't always have to be a hundred percent. And I was injured, not a sling. And I was in the ring, I was, you know, talking my mess, cutting promos and stuff like that. And I was still able to contribute. So that, that was like a weight off my shoulders. When you got the, when you sustained that injury, did you know something right away was wrong? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I don't know if you've ever done a, a, a tricep, but you, it just feels like a rubber band in your elbow snaps.


Okay. I've done my left one. No pain in that one. They did the right one. It hurt like a son of the bitch. And I don't know why. I don't know what the difference was between the two, but yeah, I knew, I knew I was, I knew I was out immediately. Can I ask you this? What can we expect from the WWE on Netflix as opposed to cable? I don't know. We're all gonna find out together. I think personally the format of the show is gonna be a little bit different. I think people are asking questions about commercials, you know, obviously on cable we gotta, you know, we, we have a lot of gotta the bills feed, gotta pay the, you gotta pay the beast, I like to say. And that's gonna be the same on Netflix.


But I think it's also gonna be different. I think you're gonna see stretches where you, you're getting the first hour, maybe the first 90 minutes commercial free. Okay. And I don't know if it's gonna be picture in picture. These are questions for people in the production truck, but I just know because Netflix is streaming and it's not cable, we're not gonna be kind of up against the wall. You're not down by the same standards on cable televis as you're stream Service. Especially, especially like time constraints, you know? Correct. That's like the biggest difference between wrestling for just an audience or wrestling for television. Well, you gotta know when your breaks are, how long the breaks are, how much time you got left in a show, when it's dropped dead. If you got an extra two, five minute overrun, you know, because there's another show after yours, you know?


Right. So it's not like football where it's just like, hey, we're, we're continuing this until the last whistle, until this game is over. Or even then you're getting to crawl or saying, Hey, we're on FS one, you know, we're switching over to FS two because this other game's bumping us and stuff like that. So there's, there's definitely some stuff that we're gonna be working out as we go, but I like, I love that, I love that live TV chaos, anything can happen and anything can go wrong. Atmosphere. You know What did, did you Go ahead, Ocho Hey, I, I Have, I have a question. Obviously being a ra a er fan from young, even still to this day, is there a dream mask that you have? Is there a dream match that you have involving a legend from either the past or curly today, currently today, that you haven't had or you would like to have?


Yeah, I, I mean, I, I think everybody, when they ask me that question Yeah. Or when they hear somebody ask me that question, one name always comes to mind. It's stone cold, Steve Austin. Oh, oh, okay. You know, I, unfortunately he had to retire because of like injuries and he had a stroke and everything like that. But Brett Hart's another one, Bret Hart would be a dream for me because that's a guy that I looked up to when I was a kid. That's a guy that helped get me into this sport just from an interest perspective. And that's a guy to this day. I could text Brett right now and be like, what's up Brett Ski? I have a question. I need some advice. And he'll, he'll let me hit me back up like right away. So much love to him. Gotta mention him.


And there's just, I, I think we have a, a, a pretty wealthy locker room when it comes to talent right now. So there's, there's a, there's a lot of people that I would love, I love to get in there with, with Gunther. He's the champ on raw love to mix it up with my boy Cody. But as far as the legends go, the, the ones that probably aren't gonna happen, but their dream matches. Right, right. Austin's up there with Austin's number one with the bullets. That's Dope. Sam, did you always wanna be a wrestler? Did you, did you, did you play sports growing up? Did you know watching this, like, this is the direction that I wanna go and I wanna be in this sport? Yeah, I, I played baseball when I, I I tried out for my football and wrestling team when I was in high school, but they told me I had to cut my hair.


And I, I I, I deed out after that, I was like, and now I, and now I look in every jock in the world. Just got like a wild mohawk and I'm like, that was me when I was 14. Like, why wouldn't you let me on the team? What the heck? I didn't, I, I grew up, I like to say I was economically challenged, you know, so like, yeah, most of the, most of the sports were pretty expensive. Couldn't play hockey 'cause I couldn't afford skates or pads or sticks. Baseball was, was pretty cheap. And then everything, I was a catcher. Everything changed for me when I had to get glasses, the, the, the mask wouldn't fit over my, my coke bottle glasses. And my parents wouldn't spend the money for contacts.


So my, my baseball career was cut short. Wow. Ref WrestleMania 41 is in Las Vegas. You said Raw is after the Netflix special that you have with Cody with Rollins. So that's the dad name All the time too. Don't worry about it, dude, man. It's all good. Lemme, lemme ask, lemme Seth, lemme ask you this because like a lot of times we see these big matches, but there are other matches in between that you're wrestling. So how do you prepare, how do you like, because you're traveling at least 200, I'm assuming 200 plus days a year, correct? Yeah. Yeah. Definitely used to be back in the day. Now things have changed, you know. Okay. And things have changed because of these big TV deals.


You know, this big Netflix deal, the, the money that was in wrestling used to be kind of driven by live events. So we would do a TV on a Monday, but I'd be on the road Friday, Saturday, Sunday. We would record SmackDown on a Tuesday. So I, I would be on the road five days a week, six days a week. And that's on top of all the press and everything else you're doing nowadays, it's a lot less. I think it's, it's better. I think it's better for all the athletes. But you wind up, I think, missing out on those live shows where you're just wrestling for fans. You're not necessarily wrestling for tv. You do build up a callous, you know, and we're kind of missing that right now, at least.


I know I am. I just, we just did a Christmas loop most recently over the, the holidays where, you know, I, I was, I was on the, the, I was at PI in Pittsburgh doing the, the Netflix thing for the football game. Yes. And then we went to Madison Square Garden, went back to Pittsburgh, went to Baltimore, cut over to Chicago and then down to Houston for TV and like that, that is my bread and butter being on the road, hanging out with the boys, getting to interact with fans. You just have a lot, I don't wanna say more fun because TV can be fun, but TV's more of a high pressure, you know, situation. Yeah. Si Would you say that this, the wrestling now is more conducive for a family as opposed to was in the past when you had to do all that traveling and you got a wife or you got a significant other, or you got kids?


Oh yeah. This, this, this world we live in now, master, say you live in now is more conducive for a family. Oh, 100%. If, if you're an active wrestler. Yeah. I used to be on the road and it was, I, I, I looked at it like it was easy for me. 'cause it's still a challenge. But I was young and I was single. I didn't have any kids. I felt like I didn't have any responsibilities. I bought a house, I was just never in it. I'd lock it and leave it, you know what I mean? And then I could stay, you know, I i, if we had a loop that ended in San Francisco and the next one started in la, I would stay in California. Right. Guys who had marriages and kids, I, I, I don't know how they did it and a lot of 'em didn't.


'cause we look at the wreckage of the past and like we see a lot of, a lot of broken marriages and, you know, alienated kids and stuff like that, you know. But today is much more conducive for like a family unit. Okay. If, when it's all said and done and you eventually retire, you hang it up, where do you see yourself training the next generation, broken behind the scene? Like Triple H or maybe starting your own promotion? What do you think? Oh, no, if I, if I start my own promotion, I want you to find me wherever I am and just kick my ass. That is, that's about the, that's, that's about the worst idea, man. Right. No, I, I do think there is a, is there's an avenue for me to continue to be in the business, behind the scenes helping.


But I, I think if you're worth your weight, you're doing that now, you know, I, I, I think on, on a football team, on a hockey team, on a baseball team, there's the veterans that help bring in the, the, the, the new talent, the young guys, right? And they help, you know, move things along, but three parts to a career, right? There's, you start, and to me, that's when you, you learn, there's the middle part, that's where you earn. And the third part is return. Now you give back. So I, I would definitely look forward to that third act. And giving back to the business to, to me, has given me so much.


See you. We wanna thank you Tomorrow, marks the premier, WWE Raw on Netflix. Catch all the action at 8:00 PM Eastern CM Pump. Thank you for joining Nightcap. We greatly appreciate that, man. Good luck. Now, when we tune in, now, we talk to you in a couple, in a couple of months. Now we wanna make sure that you've done what you say you going to do. Like you gonna take care of business. I promise you. I promise you, brother. A hundred percent. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm walking in, I'm walking into the Inuit d tomorrow night and, and I'm, I'm walking outta winning and I'm gonna have myself a big stake afterwards, after kicking Rollins's ass. It's gonna be fun. And let me, let me tell you, if, if at any point you need a partner tag team at that, I'm always available.


Let's go. As long as your last name's not McCaskey. You're my huckleberry. All right, I got You. I got you. Appreciate you guys. Thank you. Yeah, thank you. See, thank you bro. Appreciate it. Good luck tomorrow. Thank you.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Amazon one Medical presents Painful Thoughts. I could catch anything sitting in this doctor's waiting room. Ugh. I kid just wiped his runny nose on my jacket and the guy next to me sitting in a pool of perspiration in si on sharing my arm rest. Ugh. Next time make an appointment with an Amazon one medical provider. There's no waiting and no sweaty guy. Amazon one Medical Healthcare just got less painful.


This is Ashley tti from the Ben and Ashley. I almost same as podcast. What if I told you that Future Health can help you make weight loss resolutions come true long lasting weight loss results all for less than $3 a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Get started with a quick three minutes survey@tryfh.com. Try Fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly. Set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway this new year. Make sure you take some time to take care of yourself and your family. Stock up on your favorite personal care items now through January 28th and earn four times the points to use towards discounts on groceries or fuel shop in store, online or in the app for items like Pantene shampoo, old Spice Body Wash, Pampers LERs diapers, Venus Razors and Crest Complete toothpaste. Earn four times points on your purchase offer ends January 28th. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Oh, Joe, back to our normal scheduled program. Hold On, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Hey, how, how, how's, how's my lighting? Is It cool? Your lighting is good, but the the but the life went out on your team playoff chances. Come on man. That's, that's not necessary. I'm just trying to hide. You gonna run me my money? Okay. Now I told you what that I wanted. I told you I could run you your money, but can you please be realistic about the currency and which I be Realistic. What isn't Buffalo? What Is Buffalo? Nichols? That's not your concern. I want you to go to the bank and tell the cashier you would like $4,000 in Buffalo Nichols.


That's what I want you to do. We in 2025, technology had, I Don't care if we in 42, lemme 15 technology had at advance to a point where I can send you your money. You can get it in less than two minutes. I can Apple Pay, I can cash that. I don't know how you Gonna send, I can Venmo. They, they're So you ain't that fast, huh? You finn to run me my money? Yeah. The how I'm Finn to Apple. Pay it to your phone number. I don't have Apple Pay. Apple. If you have an iPhone, you have Apple Pay it come. It's a feature that's already integrated into the phone. I don't have it. I don't want no features. I don't want nobody having, listen Ocho, all I ask, I don't ask for much.


Lord. Y'all know me Chad. Y'all know me. I'm trying to ask. I'm trying to, now you see, I'm trying to get you money, right? You not. I want Ocho pay. That means Ocho run me mine. 4K Buffalo, Niels, Chad, you don't want his money, man, I want my money. No you don't because I, I want my daddy records. I'm giving live mail. I want my daddy records. I'm giving you all the options trying to pay you. And you were whoa, Whoa, whoa. You're whoa. You're Refusing payment. I'm trying to figure out how you gonna gimme options on my money. It ain't There. Hold on. I'm give you what I I'm, I'm giving you the option to get your money on how I can pay it.


So you won't buy if me another swig. Do you? I would be drunk though. Listen, Listen. I want you to do, I'm gonna do me a favor. Listen, do me a favor. Get all the drinking you can out the way because come next week when y'all leave Buffalo, y'all flying straight from Buffalo. I'ma don't worry. I'm gonna have, I'ma have the trash bags for you. I'm gonna help y'all pack you going straight from Buffalo, straight to Cancun. Matter of fact, no, y'all going to Aruba. Y'all going to Aruba. 'cause the elevation in Aruba is just like Colorado. Y'all gotta have y'all got, guess what? Y'all got a early start. Y'all got an early start. Listen, We okay, if we got a early start, we'll meet you there. Y'all gonna meet us that next week.


That's all that matter. Okay? Ocho as a matter of fact, we wanna play something for the chat. Hey Chad, take a listen to this. Nah, now I'm, you can hear the tone in my voice. And if you listen to my delivery, you know I mean business. Now you could put it on the flow. You were scared to bet the last game. 'cause I knew I was gonna double up my mama Better. I bet you, I bet you a stack. I bet you a stack. We beat the chiefs. You owe me three. Okay. Okay, Well what, what, what? On the float then. There it is. There it is. Sorry. Coming. I saw him coming. He ain't know I saw him. Jack, you walked him trap. I him A thousand or what?


Bet a th See I did that. See I did that. But Hold on, hold on, hold on. Listen, I'm, I'm listen. I lost the bet. I'm trying to pay you your money and you're refusing to take it. And I, no I'm not. I told you how I want my money. You can't do that. If I don't, I don't got nothing to do with no Buffalo Nichols. I don't know what that is. I've never heard of the currency called Go to the bank. They know exactly what it is. As a matter of fact, you know what? Don't your I want 4,000 in travelers checks. I'm be traveling. I'll go on on vacation. I want travelers checks. Bitch, you know, you know what that is? Okay, how about this? How about I send your money to Ash and let as p in any room you As that got nothing to do with this.


How you gonna Chad? Y'all hear this man, this man talking about sending my money to somebody else. Well, but listen, send money through an intermediary. Now I told this man money outta sight caused a fight. Listen, lemme go upstairs to get that thing. Money. Money outta sight. P Hold on. Listen. Money at a site calls a fight because I'm trying to pay your money. You don't want your money 'cause you're asking for your money in ways that I can't, I can't accommodate those Man. This nigga can't come from the lack word. Cannot the inability to do something. You have the ability to take your black ass to the bank and get me my money not run me my by that.


I know that that was coming. I said that was coming. You remember last week? How you on it? You ain't Chad. Y'all remember that? Y'all jumped up in the chat. Oh, you can't say foot up ball. This man can't use nothing with the word. I don't know what Prince try gonna do. She can't go to no play date. She ain't got no play time. Hey, she can't go through the playground. Can't play PlayStation can't go playground. What play what play time. Yeah. Hey, who? Hey. I don't hear you say ain nothing about no. Hey. And you better not say off season. You can't even say off season. Hey, Hey. That's funny. That's that's a good one. Hey listen, enjoy yourself though.


Enjoy yourself. Enjoy yourself. You got, you got your beanie on man. You got your beanie on and you, you got your glasses on too. You ain't gonna be able to get Oh, What, what you do? Laughing boy. Man. Didn't win no game today. You doing a lot of talking. I don't know why you do it for talking. Ah, hell dog. Well your head that got big. Huh? Man, that didn't fit me my size. Hold on. Lemme see what size hell this is because I was, I was like a seven and a three quarters. God Damn. Well you had, you had that Johnny Bravo helmet. Huh?


I don't know what side. I don't even, I don't know if this is real. See y'all see Wet, have all these shuts. We had Rod, we we had, we had, We had Dale's Bike or Rydell. Yeah, I had a bike in college. A bike bike is super old school. Why stay the same thing? Hell no. I can't even get this on my head. Hey. Yeah. Hey, hey. What, what, what, what side, what size handicap you at? 10. Huh? What size Fitt cap you at? I just told you seven quarters. Nah, nah. Ain't nah, but there ain't no nah, but you about to tear.


I Tell you what my head, once you get right now I got the big head. That's what happened. 'cause I'm going to spend, I got the big head. So once I get my money to go down, Well actually I've been trying to pay your money for 30 minutes and you refuse. Remember how about I just give you money to somebody in the chat? No, you, you hold on. You ain't bet somebody in the chat run me by. I I know I'm, I'm, I'm trying, I'm trying to run it to you. Apple Pay Venmo cash app. I mean, I mean come on. It wasn't no liquor that killed Bill. Didn't he take his breath? A little green harness went a bill nose and ticked bill to bill you.


They say Brandy dandy but liquor's quicker. Hey, you got, you got PayPal. I ain't got no files so I damn sure ain't gotta pay who he is. Y'all need to run that to me. Paul. Grant Tcho, travelers check. I'm going on vacation. You know, because they, I I I've been advised that you're not supposed to take cash. So I won't Travelers checks. We, you not, we not. Yeah. I'm gonna let y'all decide. Hold on. How should Ocho pay me my money? You don't want, you don't want that money man. Why my left there? Hey, you, you don't, you don't want your money. 'cause I could have been Whoa, whoa, Whoa, Whoa, whoa.


I coulda listen. I could have been hit sin. I could have been typed in foe in three zeroes and hit sin. Hello? What the man talking. I hear a lot of talking and ain't no money. Cindy. What the money at? What a money. Make the money. Right. Ocho make the money. Right. I saw it last week. I said, hey, money gone card hunt. Boy, I need that money. Woo. As a matter of fact, Ocho, I want 4,000 in Bitcoin. I don't know how many Bitcoins I could get with 4K, but I want 4K in Bitcoin. Listen, I don't, I don't, I don't deal with, I don't Gimme 4,000 in bit, honey, I want 4,000 in bit something.


I don't, don't deal. I don't deal in digital currency. I have money. Well, It don't look like you dealing any currency 'cause I ain't got my money Cash app, Venmo, PayPal or Apple Pay. Those are the only ways I can money. Oh, I don't have those apparatus. Yes you, yes you do. It's 2025. Don't tell me you don't have any of those services. It's impossible. And if you don't have 'em, it's uncivilized and you gotta get a woman in your life. No. Now I gotta get a woman in my life because you owe me $4,000. So what I'm supposed to do buy No. What woman can I buy for 4,000? No, I said get a woman of your life So you can get a little bit of structure so I can see your money.


I Got structure. I'm pretty structured. I want my money. How Do you structure? You don't have Apple Pay. You gonna have Venmo? You don't have to. I ain't got, As a matter of fact, you know what I want on your, I want $4,000 on a debit card. One of government debit cards. EBT credit. Not what I want. EBT debit card. Okay. On it run me that. I don't want no Western Union. I don't got no Apple Pay. I ain't got no Orange Pay. I ain't got no none of that. I ain't got no Venmo. I ain't got no Zelle. I ain't got no PayPal. I don't have none of those Apple. Everybody knows that.


Okay. Do me a favor. Okay, well lemme see. I'm going to my phone. You have a, you have a but where, where is Apple Pay on my phone? Jordan, You have a team of people. Can you ask, ask Jordan to ask Ash to set up Apple Pay for you real quick. I'm gonna see. Huh? I'm gonna see your money. No, I want 4,000 in food stamp. I want them old school books. I want, I want 25, I want 25 60 $5 books. Matter of fact, hey, I want, Hey, I got somebody out here in Miami. Get some books for you now. Now if you serious. I don't Even, I don't think they got, I don't even think they are. You Got it. Jordan tried to find it. Okay, fight. Let me, let me see your money real quick because hey, hey listen, money outta site called the Fight and I don't want to have, I I don't want to, I don't wanna have to jump on you 'cause I jump on you like a chicken on the Junebug, man.


Okay, here's my wallet. Okay. So it is your phone number, right? Boarding passes. Hold on. Lemme, lemme look. All I got, I got Delta Airline passes and I got Delta Airline and United Airline passes. Let me know if it's okay to send the money now. No it ain't. Okay because I don't know nothing about that. Hold on Ocho, why you just can't do right by me, man, I'm trying tell y'all up there. Do me, Lemme pay my debt. Let me pay my debt. You, you, I'm finna pay you. I'm finna send it right now. I ain't got it Ocho. I don't have that on my phone. That's, I don't know. I get Apple Pay.


It's already, it's already in the phone. It's built into the phone. It is not built into the phone. I'm finna see right now. I'm gonna send It in. First of all, it's gonna kick it out because I ain't got it. You Know what? You not registered for real because it, it is not even coming up. I Told you that. Oh, you were serious. I thought I was Lying. Set it, set it up real quick so I can send you my, I ain't gonna Be able to do that Before the, I ain't got no email. How can I send it up? But I don't have email. Okay. Here. This, this is, this is the deal. Okay? This is the deal. Before tonight's show, if you don't have someone on your team set up so I can pay you tonight before tonight's show and the chat in here.


Chat. You've been here for 30, 40 minutes. I've been trying to pay on, he refuses to accept my money in the ways that I can deliver the currency in which I have to pay him. A, if the show ends and you ain't got your money, then I can't pay you after the night. Whoa. Ocho Ocho shit. How did what he do that at you J I'm I'm trying to, he I'm trying, I'm trying To pay You. I don't have email. So in order to set that up, don't you have to have an email account? Okay. Well gimme somebody else email that's in, that's in. No, why would I do you just saying giving somebody power of attorney is a wrong thing. Now you want me to give somebody so they can get my money? Listen, Listen. But it's, these are people that are part of your team.


These are people that you trust. These are people that you confide in. So me picking, I'm team Shannon. Huh? Team Shannon. All right, listen, I you listen a after the night, you gonna have to get it in blood. Now make it is your choice. What's that song Beyonce saying Sweet Dreams or beautiful nightmare. I think I'm the sweet dream part. Turn the lights down. Hey boy, you show feeling good. I I want you to enjoy this moment though. I want you to enjoy Nobody. No, It won't be like the next Week. What you mean next?


Ocho. Ocho. I ain't promised tomorrow, right? What you talking about next week? I ain't promised tomorrow. Alright. No, come hold on, hold on. All that, all that. I heard you, you said football. I said Ocho. Come on man. No, no, no. Okay. Ocho I'm sorry. I'm sorry Ocho, I'm sorry. First I wanna, we wanna thank C Punk for joining us. Go check out tomorrow. WE Raw on Netflix. The action starts at 8:00 PM Eastern time, 38 to nothing.


They didn't, Hey, They ain't even pinch nobody. They Say, hey, she say they want a, she don't want no puppy. She want a big dog. My pocket, it fall a tin ball. Matter of fact, you know what I think, listen, I'm not a conspiracy theorist. Chad, what y'all think and it's no deep. Whoa, whoa, Whoa. Oh, that's what she told me. She say, Hey, she told me, she said, look here, I need six and two, two height. Gotta be a six. Right? Weight gotta be a two. I like it. She, I said, So you want a big dog? I like, okay, okay, Let me, let Me, lemme I be drunk for the night. I'm, I'm gonna drink with you.


Whoa. I don't drink with people that owe me money because y'all drinking my stash. No. Damn. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm talking about my water and I Listen, listen, Why? Matter of fact, why you drinking water? Huh? I'm gonna sleep good tonight. Lemme go ahead and set my, I'm gonna set my alarm just in case. Make sure I don't over, make sure all don't over sleep. Hey George. Hey, hey, George. Just press the code to come in tomorrow. Listen, I'm do not disturb me. I'm not, I'm not a conspiracy theorist, but I don't know why I, I feel like the Chiefs purposely didn't try and win that game because they didn't wanna face the Bengals.


Whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa. I, I really, I really think that If the ch, if the Bengals wanted to be in the playoffs, win more games in September, win games in October, win games in November, they up there talking. There are a lot of teams rooting against us. So I wanna know Bengals fans, Bengals players. Were you rooting for or against the Broncos? Were you rooting for or against the Dolphins? So in other words, teams rooting against y'all. What were y'all doing today? Were y'all cheering for them? Did y'all want the Broncos to win? Or y'all want the Broncos to lose? So you was rooting against the team. Qu did you want the Dolphins to win or do you want the Dolphins to lose the So you was rooting, did The who won the game? The Dolphins or the Jets? The Jets. What?


Okay. I told you the Jets were gonna win The chief. And I told you, the chief purposely, I told you Broco, good win. The chief purposely did this to sabotage us having the opportunity to go. Now it is our fault, Our sabotage, Our destiny should have been in our own hands and we shouldn't be having to rely on another team to win, to allow us to get to where we need to get to. Now, that's our fault. Hope for y'all Wishing on another man's downfall. Oh, boat. Ooh, boat 26 or 29. 3 21. Bo Tubs. Bo Yeah, Sutton 5 96 47 and and Law 47 Touchdown. Marvin Mills Jr. Five for 51. Two Doves Deve caught that rookie Shake four for 50.


Javonte Williams, three for 50. We did a number of y'all every ran it 43 times four buck 58. The Chiefs didn't even try. Whoa. Why you, why you, I'm just saying they, I I hate, I hate when somebody else measure. What did you guys do? Why were you hoping for the chief? I ain't never said I I don't root for nor bat team. Listen, if I'm on a team, oh, whoa, whoa. I I didn't say I was rooting for anybody. I just said who was supposed to win the game? They didn't even try. Did y'all try to win the game against the Patriots? The first game of the season? Yeah. The 22 players that played for the Chiefs today ought to be ashamed of theyself. And when they watch film, when they watch film, and you look at the name on the back of that jersey and you look at the abysmal effort and output you put out today, you got zero points.


Zero points in the NFL game. We supposed to be the best of the best in the world. Y'all not Embarrassing. All I embarrass know is De Barcos won 10 games. They earned a right to be in the playoffs. Y'all didn't win 10 games. Y'all don't deserve to be in the playoffs. That's all I'm saying though. Other ain't bad at you or nothing like that. What Happened when we played your Broncos Didn't matter. I'm asking you what happened when we played your Broncos. Y'all won. Okay, I'm just making sure. Won the battle, lost the war. I'm just, I'm just making sure. Let that sink in. Y'all got a guy that led the league. Y'all let, the guy had the guy lead the league and touchdown passes and Ys had a lead that win. The guy won the triple crown at home for the First time in history.


Now run down that in history. A Triple Crown winner is at home. Guess where y'all gonna be next week? I don't know about no next week. I ain't promised next week. I'm talking about right now. I'm Gonna let you have your moment. I know you, you're Being quite hostile. Ocho I you're scaring me. I'm really scared right now. Oh my gosh. Hey, I'm, I'm just saying, I'm just saying I want you, you, you enjoy your moment. No, no disrespect to anybody in the chat. That's a Broncos fan. You know how I feel about you. I tell you all the time. I love you regardless of what team you cheer for, regardless of what team you root for. I will always love you and always have been very respectful, never malicious.


This is all great fun, you know, and competition for the team that I believe in and play for. I'm afraid. Oh, I'm, I'm really afraid. Don't you? I'm, I'm really afraid right now you scar me. Calm down, William. In, in no way, just calm Down. Okay? In no way am I, it's Not that serious buddy. You know, Hey, I, I, I'm really, I'm, I'm being serious. I'm really a nice guy, but you're scaring me. Okay? Just pay me my money. Just pay me what you owe me. I tried To pay you, owe me my money. I bet you had I lost, I would've paid you Actually if, if if I had lost, if I mean if you had lost, I would've, I would've said unc, you know what? Just z me z Meze z me half. You ain't gotta send me the whole thing.


Guess what? That's something you won't have to say 'cause I did lose. So you'll have to say, uncle Zel me, run me mine. Now I want 4,000 in Travelers. Check. I want 4,000 in WIC vouchers. I want 4,000 in Buffalo nickels. I want my money. The Volume


At David's bridal love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom dress and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person. Book an appointment and sign up for diamond loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more at david's bridal.com.


Amazon won medical presents. Painful thoughts. I could catch anything sitting in this doctor's waiting room. Ugh. I just wiped his runny nose on my jacket and the guy next to me sitting in a pool of perspiration insists on sharing my armrest. Ugh. Next time, make an appointment with an Amazon one medical provider. There's no waiting and no sweaty guy. Amazon one medical healthcare just got less painful.


A, B, C Wednesday, Tim Allen and Kat Dennings star in the new family comedy. Shifting gears, I am broke and I need a place to stay until I figure out what the rest of my life looks like. So a couple Of days open When his daughter moves back in the Last time he walked out that door, you looked back at me and gave me a double bird. I was 18. The double bird was how I ended all our conversations. The wheels come off. Can we try to talk to each other like rational adults? If You watch the news lately, that's not a thing in the morning series. Premier Wednesday, eight seven, central on a, B, C and stream on Hulu.


ODU is business management made so simple, a kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use Odoo because they save you money. Odoo makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now at Odoo dot com. That's ODO o.com.


Good job. Thanks


Proger. Brand products have the great taste. You'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back. Score. Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone.