
When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


Hey, it's Kevin Hart and this basketball season Chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seats. I appreciate the support people. Keep that pretzel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save on tagline. Cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what's yours, Restrictions and limitations apply. Cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank, and a member FDIC.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different Vibe with these open ear buds. It's like here in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


This is John Middle Coff from three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere. And boom, you realize you're missing apart. It's okay because you know whatever it is. It's on eBay. They've got everything. Brakes, headlights, cold air, intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love guaranteed to fit every time eBay things people love.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch to T-Mobile. Keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device. Credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption. Required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports Book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on draftings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Did You know that feeding your lawn regularly Bill stronger, more resilient lawn that naturally crowds out weeds. Scott's Turf Builder products provide year-round feeding with essential seasonal solutions for your lawn. Scott has a subscription plan that makes caring for your lawn easier than ever. They put their expertise to work by analyzing the location, size, and condition of your lawn to create a custom plan for your yard. And they'll ship you the right product to apply at the perfect time by answering a few short questions about your lawn. Scott's experts will craft a program that's right for you and your yard. Visit scotts com to learn more. Feed your lawn, feed it.


Hello ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. As you watch the Philadelphia Eagles run, go to eight and two. Take a two game lead in the NFC East as they defeat the Commanders 26 18 Saquon Barkley has another monster day as they move to eight and two with a two game lead over the commanders with a 26 18 win at home. I am your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharp. He is your 85 Liberty City's Zone. Cincinnati bingo ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowler, the All pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him ocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


Thank you guys so much for your support. Thank you so much for your loyalty from your listening, from our, our listening audience, our viewing audience, and our audience that purchased merchandise. We greatly, everybody at Nightcap greatly, greatly appreciates your support. Please make sure you go check out Shea by La Porter. We have an abundance in stock because we realized the holidays was coming up. Thanksgiving, Christmas, new Year's. We wanna make sure you have a festival, a festive holiday season and Nightcap. Let club she Nightcap and La Porter be a part of your holiday. Please go follow my media company page on all its platform. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out.


We're responsible for ts like this. We dropped, I was held when I was, well, I'll lie for you before I lie to you. T-shirts, black Nightcap hoodies. Stay with me now. Very popular in a hoodie form. And of course our bestsellers, the ing OCHO tees, which is what these are. We got a lot of requests OCHO for the UNC and OCHO tea to come in black. This one is like a gray, a dark gray. We have it in black. We dropped that last week. Quantities are limited. Make sure you go grab yours while supplies last. Again, thank you for your support. Ocho The Eagles beat the Commanders 26 18 after being held out of the end zone in the first three quarters. The Eagles exploded for three touchdowns in the fourth quarter.


Saquon Barkley scored two of those touchdowns. He racked up 198 total yards. He had a 26, carries a buck 46, 2 tds ran one down to the one yard line and I think Jalen Hertz ran that one in. So the Eagles have not won six straight games. Yeah. Expand their lead to one and a half games because the Eagles haven't had their bye week yet, if I'm not mistaken. And so they have a one and a half game lead because they beat them head to head, but they have a two game lead. Well, one game lead 'cause it's eight and two to seven and four. But the Eagles look really good once they got it rolling. Eagles did the, the Washington did a great job in the first three quarters, or Joe keep them outta the end zone.


Making himself, make them try to kick field goals. They missed a couple of those. But tonight I thought Washington, Washington, the Eagles defensive line, did a great job pre pressuring Daniels and they got him off kilter. This was the worst game of all the games that I've seen him play since he's been a pro Ocho This was by far his worst game. Skipping balls. The pressure got to him and it took him out of his ball game. What'd you see? I mean, most definitely, most definitely. I'm, I'm kind of upset, obviously to take some of the pressure off of him. I would've liked a little bit more efficiency in the running game. I'm not sure who the offensive coordinator is. And I, I need Terry McLarin to, to open his mouth. I need him. Cliff Kingsbury is, is the offensive coordinator.


Okay. I I, I need, I need Terry McLarin to, he, he gotta say something. He's, he's too much of a nice guy, a player of his caliber to go through a game like that and have a goddamn cardio. He ran the goddamn Boston Marathon out there tonight. He ran the Boston Marathon out there tonight. I know he had a young, a young rookie qan. I, I don't wanna, I don't wanna pronounce his name the wrong way. He's, he's really good. Qan Mitchell. Did I say that Right way? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, listen, he, he's the, he's the real deal. But you do not, you do not allow a team to dictate you being able to get the ball to your best weapon offensively. I think, I think he could have helped tonight. Obviously the first three quarters of the game, the commanders were, I don't wanna say controlled it because it was, it was, it was somewhat of a boring game at the beginning.


Obviously they Did do a good job of controller ocho. Yeah, they did. They, I thought they did a great job. Yeah, Great job. But by the time they got to maybe the, the third quarter, maybe around the, the fifth minute or third quarter, the eagle took over. Once the eagles took over at that point, I mean, it was, they, they, they had, they had their way Keon Mitchell Ki it was Keon. Qion Qion. Yeah. Hey, I'm not sure if young bull, young bull gonna see this boy, but you the real deal. Boy, you the real deal. I think the, the Eagles defense at this point, they have what, 11, take takeaways in the last six games. If I'm not, I'm not Doing job, But I don't know what the fuck Vic Banjo did. I don't, I don't know what he did. Because this is the same team from last year, the same defense for last year where the bottom fell out.


The last 10 games of the season. Yep. And they playing outstanding football. They playing outstanding defense. And I'm, I'm not sure what the difference is in, in last year and this year, but man, they look completely different defensively. And if they keep this up, they keep this up. Listen, we might see them boys in New Orleans now. Those, those first round D linemen are starting to play like first round D linemen. Yeah. Jalen Carter and Jordan and Sweat. Yeah. And the Kobe dean who's a linebacker. Yes sir. They're starting to play like high round draft picks. Like they should be playing. Hold on. Well, you see that young bull read Blankenship? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He's good. He's really good. What was the other one? Cooper? Cooper. Cooper Deje.


Yeah. Deon. Yeah. Man, I don't know. I listen, I don't know where they got them from. What them boys balling, man. Yeah. I like Blankenship. I like blank. I like, I like Blankenship a lot. He, he can a he's good. He's, he's, he's not the greatest in coverage, but hey, he's a thumper, but he's he's where he's supposed to be. Yeah. So if you beat him, you've done something really, really well to get yourself open. And you should be commended for that. I, but I, I think the biggest thing is that I've noticed is that defensive line is taking the game over. Yes sir. How many third in ones Ocho did we see the, the Washington commanders not convert. We saw 'em on fourth in one. Now the Bob snapped. I don't know if it was supposed to be a handoff to the running back or what it was supposed to be, but that Bob snapped through the timing off and now Daniels have to escape the pocket.


They did a great job of stopping them. Right. The Eagles go down the field score. Shaquan runs it in from about 23 yards out. They come out, the next play two plays. They throw a pick and the next thing you know, Seon hits his head on the goalpost and again, and basically into the game. Yeah. You can't do that on the road. Turnovers, you can't turn the ball over. But I just thought they did a terrible job on, hold on, lemme see. Team, staff, because I thought the commanders did a terrible job on third down, they had to be awful on third down. Yep. They were, were three of 12. That's the difference of your ball game. And you have a lot of manageable third downs Ocho Yeah. That you could have converted and kept yourself on the field. Get yourself some a, a rhythm and try to push the ball, try to get that score instead of seven to seven to nothing.


Maybe get it 14, maybe get it seven 17. Right. But because you kept getting off the field on third day three of 12, the difference, the Eagles were nine of 16. You see the difference. Now all of a sudden, the difference, they staying on the field, Ocho giving themselves more opportunities to get points out of drives. Yeah. But listen, I, I, again, I, I, I just, I, I I hate, I love Terry McLaurin, right? Yeah. I love him. You know, he's, he's not, he's not very boisterous. He's not one that complains or, but, but a game like night, a game like tonight is one of those where you go to your coordinator, you get on the phone, you call upstairs, you talk to your quarterback and just tell him, get the Coordinator's on the sideline.


I, I'm, I'm just saying I'm, I'm just saying whoever's You still might talk to the brought the receiver coaches upstairs now. Yeah. Listen. Who, because everybody's not on the field. Right. Who, whoever's up there, man, do make, make a call, do something because he is not the type to, to be a distraction. But in a game like tonight, there were no big plays. Unc, there were no big plays. You, you can't, he's your best player on offense. You gotta find ways to get in the ball. If they're doubling, put him, put him in motion, put him in position, condense the space, do something just to get him in the rhythm, to get your offense going. So on some of those even manageable downs, stop running the ball. Stop running the ball and find a way to hit the best player on the offense. It just, it just wasn't a good, a good game for the commanders after the third quarter. Yeah.


And because they didn't get any separation. Yeah. So now all of a sudden the touchdown puts them in the lead. Like what it did, it was 10, you know, the eagles, what Eagles missed two field goals. And so now all of a sudden they get, they make some field goals and it's a ten six game. And where it should have had, you should have had more separation when you had some momentum. Now they score a touchdown. They go for two, try to make it 14, 10. Right. It's 1210. Okay. You fourth down, you don't convert. Yeah. You give the eagles the ball, they go right back down the field and they score touchdown. And guess what? You come out, you get the ball back, you throw a pick. And in two plays, Saquon hits his head on the goalpost. Well now it's under five, five minutes to go in the ball game. Right. You got an uphill struggle because you haven't been explosive all night.


So now you got a nickel and dime your way down the field, which is gonna take time off the clock. So what, when they scored, what did they have O Joe? Like, less than two minutes on, on, by the time they got the ball, less than two minutes. And so when they ended up scoring, it's 30 seconds on the clock. Yeah. Now you gotta hope, you gotta get the onside kick and you gotta get a two get score touchdown and get a two point conversion all in 30 seconds. You know what? It shouldn't even come to that. Honestly. Honestly. It shouldn't, it shouldn't have come to that because you had three quarters where you actually were owning the game. I hate, I hate using that word. You were owning the game. Yeah. You were having your offensively but you weren't putting up any points.


You weren't scoring no points. Yeah. All those field goals that were missed on those, you know, those field goals that were missed when you got the ball, you got to get points. You gotta get six, gotta get three, gotta get something. But you would get nothing. And you got to the third quarter, your defense couldn't hold up no more. They did a good, they did a, they did a good job holding sequan, you know, the first and second quarter. Yeah. They did a great job of bothering them up. Yeah. Wait, what? Wasn't nothing like that. But here you can't do it the whole game. You got to put some points on the board and I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna keep saying it. You got it. You gotta be able to take some shots and get your best officer weapon in the game. Like, man, god damn, Terry Larm ran the goddamn Boston marathon. They're like, man, that wasn't nothing but goddamn cardio.


Yeah. I, I ocho we talk about this a lot. The momentum, when you got the momentum, how much separation can you put between you and the team? Because the momentum's gonna swing. The likelihood of a team having momentum for the entirety of the game is not very likely to happen. So when the other team gets the momentum, how much separation have you put between yourself and them? Right. You see what the eagles did when they got the momentum? Touchdown, touchdown, touchdown. Boom. Game over. Yeah. Yeah. You had the momentum, you had seven points. You got a field goal. Now two scores, a touchdown, touchdown, and the field goal ties you. Right. Two touchdown give gives them a lead. Hmm.


You see, you see the difference. That's what I tell when you get the momentum, Hey look, if I know you going hit me in the head with a hammer and I got first wing, I'm trying to knock your head off. Oh yeah. Because I already know what you gonna do. To me, it's kind of like that power slap O Joe. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. If you going first, you better lay his ass out. Yeah. Because when his turn come up, he gonna lay your ass out. Yeah. So that's the difference. When somebody, when you have the momentum, you better put some distance between you. Yeah. Because if you don't, when they get it, they're gonna jet off from you. Yeah. So I, yeah, I, I, I think the thing is, like I said, Ocho, this was the worst. I've seen Jay Daniel plays and maybe, you know, he was dealing with some type of injury. Maybe he gets an opportunity.


They got 10 days. Yeah. So you get a lot, a lot. A longer break. The typical week, you know, week you got, you know, what, three extra days. So your Thursday you get Friday, Saturday, Sunday. So you got three days. And then the next week, I don't know if they have a buy. Excuse me. When are the, when is the buy? When is the, the, the, the commanders buy. Okay. Oh, thanks. Oh, next. Oh, the following Sunday.


Following. That's Monday. They play a Monday night. When did, when did the next game? Okay, today is the 14th Sunday. So they play the following Sunday week from Sunday. Okay. Yeah. So yeah. But look, you go back and you look at some things Ocho you look at like, Hey guys, we had an opportunity in this game. We just get, you got Ocho it, you go on the road and you go three or 12 on third downs. Yeah. You can't, you ain't going, you can't win no ball game like that. Huh? No Ball. And you was in it late until the third quarter. You were in this ball game. As a matter of fact, you were winning this ball game. You weren't in it. You were winning it.


Were winning. Yeah. Yes, sir. And you know, the third down conversion, like I said, they had some, they had some third and very manageable. 'cause that's all you could really hope for when you're on the road. Ocho, if I can keep it third one to three. Yeah. Or you know, five yards or less. Yeah. You love that. Okay. Yeah. You love it because now I can run it, I can throw it. You start getting third and nine, third and eight third and 12. Go the ball. Everybody know and their mama know you going to throw the ball. But give the Eagles credit after, you know, struggling a little bit early in the season, they kind of picked it up. They're playing extremely well right now. I think they won, what, six in a row? Eight and 2, 4, 1 at home as they take a commanding lead in the NFC east with a a, a great performance tonight.


Saquon has been saquon all year. I think it's universal. The two best backs in football right now. King Henry King. Yeah. King Henry. And, and, and Saquon. They're playing extremely well. I think Saquon took over the lead as far as rush with that 1 46 performance. We gonna see what King Henry can do. Plays a very tough rush defense in the Pittsburgh Steelers. Yeah. I wouldn't be surprised that after Sunday, Sequan is still in the league as far as rush yards and that. But that's what I'm saying, Ocho when, when you gave him, when you only give him 11 carries, you only give him a small amount of carries. Right. And you end up losing the game in Cleveland. But that, that'll be something we could discuss at a later date in time. Yeah.


Something interesting went viral today. The NFL what? If Standing. If all of the one position games were flipped, Cincinnati Bengals would be number one, they'd be eight and two, the Broncos also would be eight and two, the Jacksonville would be seven and three. Buffalo would be six and four. The Chargers would be seven and two, Baltimore would be six and four Steelers, five and four, so forth and so on. Dang O Joe. Yes, sir. Why y'all can't win no one possession games, man. Yeah, man. It's unc that's what it comes down to. unc. That's, that's what, that's, that's all it comes down to. Sometimes it comes down to one possession. And the funny thing about it, I think for those that I don't wanna call those that are in the check casual fans.


I know the Eagles did not lose to the Cleveland Browns. I'm talking about the Baltimore Ravens King Henry guys. Well y'all listen, y'all, y'all too, I think y'all tune into some of these shows just so y'all can say, oh, you made a mistake. Oh, Joe, that ain't what he said. Listen. Yeah, listen. Yeah, listen. Baltimore Ravens lost to the Cleveland Browns OCHO and I talked about them not giving King Henry enough Carries. He only had 11. Yeah. No, he had 16, but he, he was averaging six yards of carry of what he averaged. He averaged like he'd average like a, a a, a a. No, he had averaged four and a half yards of carry. Right. But I saying, come on guys. Damn. Listen.


Yeah. Shit. Listen, what school y'all went to? Shit. Hey, but, but listen, the funny thing about it, you, you gotta think how many, how many plays you run in the game. What? 60 67? The average is about somewhere between 60 and 65. Give or take. You know, you get some penalties. They call the play ocho and it doesn't really count because you got a pill, but somewhere 60 to 65. Okay. If you really cooking, you might get as many as 70 to 75. Okay. Let's say 70 to 75 if you're not cooking as much, 60 to 65. And the funny thing outta all those plays, one to three of those plays make the difference in the game. Yes. One to three of those plays make a difference in the game. That's how important it is. That's how it comes down to that one possession, making a difference.


And you actually having a winning gr a winning record. And you not, Eagles had 70 plays. Yeah. Washington has 63, you see 60 to 65, you cook a little bit. Ocho you get many as 70, 75. Make the make, make it the most of the opportunities. You And the, go ahead, Ocho, what were you gonna say? No, I was gonna say it all comes down to making the most of the opportunities, making the most of those plays that you do have. Yes. And, and OCHO is a situation where when that play happens, because all plays aren't created equal, all penalties aren't created equal. Yes sir. You create a penalty and you got the ball and you back your team up, you create a penalty and you give a team a first down when you're trying to get the ball back.


That's different than you committing a penalty in the first quarter. Yeah. Or the second quarter. So all plays are like, well, any No, no, no. All plays aren't created equal. Right. Timing is everything.


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism in addressing transportation barriers. These tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, Easterseals, Southern California for their unconventional thinking,


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe With these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved, To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You, feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


ODU is business management made so simple. a kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. but odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So. you should use ooo because they save you money. ODU makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now at Odoo dot com. That's Odoo dot com.


Good job.


Thanks Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything. Even this sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown Deep Fit. Will the owner of a red sedan Please visit guest services? Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what choice Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank, and a member FDIC.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Did you know the PayPal debit card now earns you 5% cash back in the monthly category of your choosing groceries, health, restaurants, beauty, gas, and apparel in up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Sephora, and Instacarts. Like having a little extra in your pocket. Every month I'm using PayPal debit card to earn 5% cash back on apparel with my travel schedule. I'm on the go. Sometimes I have to buy clothes online. It's the new normal. Just Sign up for the PayPal debit card through the new app and you're ready to go. Download the new PayPal app. Sign up, start earning 5% cashback today. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limits apply. See paypal.com/rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spent per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. na, pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted


Area of the field, you get a penalty. Now you put them in field goal range, right? That's the difference in when you're not gonna get an opportunity to get the ball back to do something about it. So all plays, you're absolutely right. It comes down to a handful of plays every game. And the team that executes the best in those situations. And that's why what is look as bad as we, if Patrick Mahomes and Patrick Mahomes doesn't look like Patrick Mahomes. And what we mean by that, ocho we know at this point in time, he's normally in the top three as far as touchdown passes. Yeah, he's not there now. I think he has 12 touchdowns, eight inceptions. That's not Patrick Mahomes, but in the one possession game when he needs to be Patrick Mahomes that we all know and love, he's that guy every Time.


Let me, let me, let me, let me say One thing real quick. If we have any Eagle Eagles fans, I want you to understand how special Young Bull is, ma'am. Keon Mitchell. Real quick, I just wanna go from week one to week 11, who he's covered in the number of yards and catches each player's had week one against the Packers, Keon Mitchell, whoever the number one receiver is, one reception, six yards, Drake, London, one reception five yards, week three, crystal Lave, two reception, 23 yards. Mike Evans, two receptions, 19 yards, week six Amari Cooper, one reception 10 yards week, seven Malik Neighbors, one reception, nine yards, my own Bengal zone, legendary Jamar Chase.


Two catches for 19 yards against the Jaguars. Whoever the number one is had one catch for 11 yards week 10 against CD lamb, two catches for 14 yards. Week 11, Terry, Lauren, zero receptions for zero yards Keon Mitchell. Boy, if you see this boy, you're the real deal boy. And you're lucky I have not playing no more, but I salute you for what you're doing. Quin, this, this is a legendary one for a rookie boy. But yeah, he, he, he's played really good for a guy. What is he a rookie second year player? Yeah, Man, he a rookie boy. Young bull. A rookie man. Shit, man. Hey, hey. When I see stuff like that that make me wanna get out there, that make me wanna get out, I'm, I'm, I'm, man, what you trying to do?


No. Huh? It it makes me wanna do get better at my job so I can have something to do Right here. Right here. No, I I I feel you. But when you see somebody putting up that them kind of numbers against some of the best, that's okay. Today's game. I don't wanna know what you gonna do against me, Uhuh. No, you had your turn. Let the billboard heavy. It's raining out there. It's cold out there. They hitting out there. You ain't falling when the last time you fell on the ground. Yesterday. Yesterday. But see, listen, I, this, I'm this, this how I feel when I see stuff like this. Right. And I have an appreciation for Superior DB play. This is Superior DB play we witnessing from Young Bull. Right. So I, like, I'm thinking about myself and my prime, so I wanna see how, you know, he would match up against me.


So I, I just, I don't know. It's, it's a hypothetical. It's just something that I always do. I insert myself in today's game, in today's era. Just wondering how it would be if I was playing in this past happy era. Yeah. I mean, I think I, I think it's natural. I think the quarterbacks of yesterday Yeah. Danny and John and Montana and Young and all those guys think about, man, if we could play in this area, era where they couldn't attack the quarterback like they could when we played. Yeah. Like they have those rules where they protect the receivers. Like they don't, didn't have what we played in our era, the incidental contact, the, all that other stuff. Sure. It is just natural to see. Man, I wonder, I wonder what my numbers could have been.


I don't know what my numbers could have been, but I know they'd been better than what I ended with. I don't know what they would've ended with, but I know that'd been better than what I had. Yeah, They they most definitely would've been better. A Absolutely. I do know that. Yeah. Absolutely. Hey, Chad, if any of y'all know Keon Mitchell, if you know his Instagram's, if you know his Twitter, please let him know. In the off season, I would like to get some one-on-ones just to see what that, I wanna see what that work like, you feel me? And that, that's pretty much it. Lamar says he can't explain his one in three record versus the Steelers heading into Sundays Road showdown against the Steelers. Lamar was asked why he struggles against the Pittsburgh more than any other team. I don't know what it's man, last year we were supposed, huh? Defense Last year.


But he's a two time MVP. Yeah, but you're going against the Steelers defense. I'm not calling him this goddamn steel curtain. But they play extremely, they play defense extremely well. Not only that, this, it's, this is a divisional opponent. Yeah. But every time you play a divisional opponent, they know all your tendencies. They know what's coming. So why he have such success against Cincinnati? Don't do that. You, you ain't had to do that. I'm just saying He's one and three against the Steelers. He's 17 or five against everybody else. Yeah, you, you ain't had to do that though. You ain't had to bring up the Bengals. You ain't had to take no shot. Because we talk about the, we talk about the red. I ain't Taking no shots. You took the shot. The reporter asked him why does he struggle against that team more so than any other team in the league.


I told you, I told you the defense, the defense. And the difference is, and you just said it just now, the, the Steelers defense is very, very good. They're very, very good. Now, the bagel defense, you know, I, I'm, I don't mean no disrespect, we are not what we should be to be able to compete with the Ravens offensively and Lamar Jackson. That goddamn running game. That, that, that's, that's the answer. Now, what team has the personnel to deal with Lamar Jackson and, and goddamn King Henry the goddamn Steelers. Yeah, I think Highsmith is out. But you got TJ Watt, you know, you have a solid, you have a solid mid-level game. Goddamn Joy Porter Jr. Playing goddamn good football, man. Sh man, you what, what more can you ask for?


And then you got Mike to the goddamn genius over there. He said, I don't know what it is, man. Last year we were supposed to beat them, but things just, just just didn't go our way. The football guards weren't on our side. But it's a whole other year. It's a new year. And I'm looking forward to this game. Lamar's one and three against the Steelers, he's 17 and five against the other a FFC North teams. Pittsburgh is the only team against which he's thrown more interception seven than he has touchdown passes for him. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, think things, things might change. I I think, I think obviously out of, out of all the games are slated for Sunday, this might be the most interesting, the most interesting in the best game. Oh, for sure. Out outside of the bills in Kansas City, outside the bills in Kansas City.


This might be the best game. Well, look, I think people are looking forward to this, this game is a rivalry game. Yeah. This is an opportunity like for the division, I think the division lead would be on the line with this one. And so the Ravens would have the advantage because they beat the Steelers head to head. Obviously the, the, the bills. We've seen these teams play so many times in the playoffs. I think the Kansas City is three and oh against them in the playoffs. Yeah. But I think they've only won one regular season game against the bills. And so that's the thing that matters. The bills in the regular season are three and one against the Chiefs. Yeah. But O three in the four season. And that's, yeah. That's the only thing that Patrick Maol cares about.


Yeah. And you look at Brady, there are a lot of guys that had winning against Brady. Well, not a lot of guys, because Brady didn't lose no time regular season postseason or preseason. That, that, that, that joker man ain't, we don't ever, I don't think we're gonna ever see anything like that. Like, not, not, not the amount of games that he played and relative to wins and losses. Ocho, I don't think we're gonna see that again. No, I don't, I don't, I I honestly don't. I mean, you gotta think about it, the man had what they won division damn near every year except the year he got hurt. So we can't hold that against him. Right. But when he played, they won the division and they're gonna win normally about 11 games.


Even in a bad year. Good year, they gonna win 14 a bad year. They're gonna win 11. Yeah. And so he did that for them near 20 years, or my, my bad, for 23 years. Yeah. Let that, yeah. I don't think we're gonna see, we're not gonna see that again. It is like, you know, guys in baseball where they won five guys, pitchers won. I don't know if we're gonna see another 300 game winner in baseball Four. I know. We ain't seeing no 400. That's, you know, what Walter Johnson did and Sandy Colfax. Right. You're not seeing that guys winning 353 games that you are not gonna see that anymore. Guys winning 200. I think Brady was damn near won 300 games. Ain't no NFL player winning 300 games, don't you? Right. It ain't, it ain't gonna happen.


But I'm glad I got an opportunity to see it. I'm glad I'm, I'm old enough to see some of the greats. I remember when Montana came into the league and got an opportunity to play when he was in the league and play with Elway and, and, and Marino and, and Steve Young and a lot of these quarterbacks. But to see Peyton and, and, and, hey, I was in the league when, when he was my Pro Bowl quarterback right in, in 2001. Peyton Manning, Steve McNair. But it was, it's always great to, like, you have a greater appreciation when you see the, what the game was and where it is and how it progressed. And to see the, the, the young guns come in. So, you know, it's always great. I'm Glad, I'm glad you say that. I'm, I'm glad you just said that. And I talk about this all the time.


I have a, a, a, a group chat with most of the Bangal players that played with me in that 2005 season. tj, you know, Sean, big Willie, Cory, Dillon, Peter War, and we talk about where the game is today and how the game was when we played. And most of them take into consideration that the game was a little bit more difficult during our era, in the era before us, as opposed to how it is now. And today's era of football is they use the word mental lack of better terms. A little, a little watered down. Yeah. I I don't, But it's not nearly as physical ojo. We know that. And we understand. And the thing is, we understand why ojo, we understand Yeah. The trauma, the head trauma, the repeated trauma, and they're trying to make the game as safe as they possibly can.


Right. And I think we all, we all want that. I know fans like this is put flags on them, but guys, the league is not trying to get sued for billions and billions of dollars. Oh. Oh. You keep getting sued. You, your company goes bankrupt. But this This, but this, this is what we need to say. We, this is what we need to say. We're trying to make the game safer, but on the back hand, we're just trying to make sure we can protect our ass so we don't get sued 10 years ago. Yeah. But everybody know. Yes. But you know that, don't you? Yeah. Every, every everybody knows that. Yeah. But in the pro look, it's an inherently dangerous game. Yeah. Oh yeah. It's an inherently dangerous game. We're trying to make the game as safe as possible, but in the process of making it safer. Yeah. The physicality, a lot of the physicality has been legislated out of the game.


Yeah. I ain't got no problem. I don't have a problem with it. Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. I'm glad it wasn't there when I was there because the kickoff like that. How am I gonna show you what I forgot if I don't come down there and bust somebody ass. Yeah. I, I be Oh sure. That just standing still and let the guy catch the ball and then I take off. Nah, I need to get ahead of steam and run down there and try to peel somebody's cap. I'm trying to split your dome. Okay. Yeah. Split his dome. Huh? You got, you got, you got me hyped. You know, you know I, I used to be, I was the, we buster my rookie here. You ain't no wedge buster. You too little. You got, you ain't got enough bricks in your back pocket to, to bust no wedge. Ask Marvin if you see Marvin. I was the wedge buster. Huh? Nah, because back then you do realize they could have a four man, they could have a three and a four man wedge.


Yeah. And they used to, they used to link arms. Yes. Yeah. You wasn't a wedge buster. We, we played, we played the Ravens. Right. My rookie year we played the Ravens. Right. I was the wedge buster. I went down and a Des Thomas. Remember a DiUS Thomas? Yeah, I know. Ad Yeah, Man, he, they had a Des Thomas in the wedge. Man. I ran right through him. I don't know. I cracked his face mask. We gonna have to, we gonna have to find some footage of you busing being in the wedge. Alright, listen, they Got, Hey, I can, I can get the footage for you at NFL films. I can. Well, you got, you have to get, you have to get that footage because Yeah, that, that wedge I want, I wanted no parts of the wedge. Let me play my three. Lemme get on down there and, and protect the numbers.


Ain't nothing coming up. The numbers I'm built different. Huh? I'm, I'm built. Nah, I, I was, I was, I was a savage on the field. You, you wasn't built like me man. You ain't got you, you ain't got no bricks in your back pocket. It ain't about the bricks. I got this right here. Huh? I got this right here. Everybody ain't got This ocho Why you think they took the wedge out? Because Of me. Because It didn't matter how much heart. If you, if think about it, you one man, let's just say you two 50. Right. And they got a thousand pounds. Right. What you gonna do with that? But see, unc, oh, you gotta be, listen, unc, physics, baby physics, if it's four men, right? Yeah. Out of the four that's right there. There's always a weak link. You always pick on the weak link. If you getting jumped. If you getting jumped, you don't, you don't, you don't try to fight the, the sw dude.


You pick on the weak link and you swing on his ass first to set the tone. You do realize that That's what I, that's, that's what I used to do with the wedge. The weak thing was the Das Thomas. So I ran through him to let the rest of the motherfuckers know. I ain't the one, not the day Guys. Normally the wedge consisted of 2D lineman and an offensive lineman or two offensive lineman and the defensive lineman. Yeah. Like, man, that shit don't scare me. I don't care what position you play. You know what time it is when I'm on the field though, Shit. Yeah, I know you, you think about it Ocho how you ran into Ray and he spattered you and he wasn't looking. Man, imagine when them joke was looking at you. Don't Do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. Unc don't do that.


Now. The whole world saw my shoot me, shoot, I tripped over my goddamn shoelace now. I don't care if you was out there barefooted. Come on man. Come On now. Meanwhile, another day, another shocking story coming outta Commander Stadium. Stadium. Russell Wilson found a slithering surprise in his locker room before the team in, in the locker room, before the team game against the commander's last Sunday in the visiting locker room, the Steelers found a snake coming out of the bottom of Russ locker before the game and had to deal with it. Eventually someone came in and handled it, removing the snake from the locker room. Cam Hayward said before the game, I go out, warm up, come back in and I'm like, right. Everybody was like little bit shocked when I came in and I was like, what's going on?


There's a snake in our locker room, a snake. And it was coming from the bottom of Russ's locker. Everybody was thrown for a loop, a snake in our locker room. Hey. Huh? Listen, we talking about, you know what, at the stadium, you know Pines Field? I'm, I'm thinking about the surroundings. No, that Was in the Commander Stadium. Oh, the Commander. Okay. Yeah. Somebody did that shit on purpose. Huh? Somebody, somebody did it on purpose. Check this out O Joe. Just another day in the Northwest Stadium, which is one of the NFL's worst commanders owner. Josh Harris said the teams hopes to have a new stadium by 2030, but the location of the new stadium is unknown. I think they were trying to get one in Virginia.


I think they were trying to go to the Virginia area. How far is that? Richmond is about, I think 30, 40 miles. Oh, that, oh, they ain't Oh, that's bad. That's bad. I mean, the fans, the fans might complain. 'cause I think this 40, Where's this? How far is Richmond from Yeah, because I think if I'm not, yeah, if I'm not mistaken, Ocho I know they have training camp if I'm not mistaken in Richmond.


Oh, okay. But I know they were, they were trying to ORFK and then the stadium that they billed now, it was named after. I think the other owner, I forgot who owned it before Daniel Snyder purchased that, but I think they was gonna try to go to Northern Virginia or something. I'm not, I'm not really sure. But I know there was, you know, I mean, where you gonna get land in, in DC Right, right. I mean, that ain't, that ain't bad. That ain't bad. Every, Everybody else. So they moved it, they in Ashburn now. Okay. They were, they were in Richmond, right? Yeah, they moved to Ashburn. Their new training facility is in Ashburn just opened this year. And so, you know, they're trying to get a, trying to get a new facility.


A lot of, A lot. It used to be they passed a sales tax and they charge hotels X, Y, and Z. But a lot of the fans like, nah, we ain't taxing them no more. Y'all got billions and billions of dollar billion on damn stadium. We ain't paying, we ain't put, we ain't putting the bill no more. So that's why he is like 2030, which is what, six years from now? Yeah. It's not called FedEx Field. It's not. I'm sorry, I I I know where you look. I, I get it. I remember ORFK stadium. We played the RFK Ocho. That was back in the nineties. And then FedEx Field, who owned it? Who owned it? What was the guy's name?


Nah, Jack hit Cook, rest his soul. He owned it way back then. Right. Who did Dan Snyder buy it from? I forget the guy's name. He had some sons, they ended up selling it. They brought it from Jack. Okay. Okay. But I that, look, I think the commanders are in great hands now. Josh Harris and his team. Oh, absolutely. They got the money. They're gonna make the, they, you know, they just need to get that stint of Daniel Snyder up out of there.


It was cesspool. Now you got professionals running in the organization. I, you know, magic is a part of that. And so I, I'm excited to see what the, the commanders, what, what the future holds for this team. And I'm excited.


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism in addressing transportation barriers. These tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, Easterseals, Southern California for their unconventional thinking,


S Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You, Feel good enough to go out There, out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


ODU is business management made so simple. a kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. but odu, funny word has every program from CRM to hr to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So. you should use ooo because they save you money. ODU makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now at Odoo dot com. That's ODO o.com. Good job. Thanks.


Hey, it's Kevin Hart. In this basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seed. I appreciate the support people. Eat that Brazel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save on tagline, cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of your choice, Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank, and a member FDIC.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 a monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cashback offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limits apply. See paypal.com/rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spent per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. na pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


OCHO en interim, Jeff Head coach Jeff Ulrich did a tackling presentation to the entire team after week 10. Cardinals debacle of 20 minutes. Tackle sa Gardner was asked what his takeaway was. We know how to tackle, we know how to tackle. We gotta make the tackles. That's, that's really it. We don't really need no presentation. I know where he is coming from. When did, when did it. But us as professional athletes, we gotta be able to make tackles. Me included. Yeah. Yeah. You had McBride stop, you swung him around. He got loose, he hurt another guy went for another five, six yards. Every look. Go ahead. For one McBride doesn't get the credit he deserves.


McBride might be top three tight end in the NFL right Now. Oh, he bawling his ass off That nobody's talking about. He did not. He three, no disrespect to Kelsey. No disrespect to kits, no disrespect to Mark Andrews, but Laport might be the, he might be the best Titan in the NFL, but those don't LaPorte at Detroit. Huh? Oh, LaPorte at Detroit. Got about, Hey them boy man, listen man, You got Ingram and Jacksonville. You got like, who's on the bench? Who, who's, you know, he's not really on the bench, but they they started, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They got, they got Look Ocho and I was, I did a Marshawn Lynch podcast today and we were talking about the tight end position. I think the thing is now is the only difference between me the nineties when I, when I first got into the league and now there's more guys to do it with.


Yes sir. Because back then there was only a handful of guys that can go get your thousand yard. Myself, Ben Cos Gonzo, Tony Gonzalez came in in like 96, 90. So basically like 99. He kind of got found his footing and did that. But like you mentioned, you mentioned the guys, you mentioned McBride, you me mentioned Kelsey. You mentioned Kilder, you mentioned La Porta, you Hawkinson, Evan Ingram, Mark Andrews. Yeah, friar Mo. I mean they got got a Godard. They guys now is just so many of 'em and they're so big and they're so athletic. I don't wanna leave out Knox and Kincaid as well. Kn Oh do Donald Knox. Yeah. I don't wanna leave them boys out now. They not they nice for Yeah. Kin. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


I like that. That goddamn McBride man. I, I think because he's so far out west, maybe because he plays for Arizona. Yep. He get the credit he deserves as opposed to the other team that, that we always happen to see on TV constantly. But he make he making a name for himself. Yeah. I li I I like, I I like that. You know, they Tampa. I, I like K ton. I've always liked Kade Den ever since he was a rookie. But the guys, the guys, the guys are really good now. Ocho guys can make plays. Guys are athletic. They're big. All the guys six three to six five, somewhere around 2 45, 2 50, 2 55. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So I'm, I, I'm I I I love where the hell we left out?


In Ku. In Ku, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I forgot it. But I, I love to see where the position is heading. Cam New believes he's been erased and forgotten by the Panthers. I'm like, damn, I gave this city everything. He says he's not an even, he's not even in any pictures of him inside the stadium. Damn. They ain't got no pictures of my dog. That's what he said. I don't, I don't know. I, I haven't been, I haven't been to the stadium since I played in it. I, I, I don't, I think I've been to the Panther Stadium maybe once, but I mean, it should, for everything that he has done for that team, obviously getting him to a Super Bowl, him being an MVP at one, at one point as well. I'm not sure we is statistically when it comes to the quarterbacks that have played for the Panthers or organization.


But for what he has done in the legend that he is, I mean, I would think you would have some type of memorabilia, pictures, shit. Hell, a goddamn statue. I think he also belongs in the Hall of Fame. I, I would think Cam is the Hall of Fame quarterback as well. I'm not sure if there was any type of rift with him and the owner, whoever. Obviously Dave Teer, Dave Tepper is the owner. I'm not sure if there was any bad blood when Cam might've left, but to me, me personally watching Cam and, and what he's done throughout his career. Chad, I don't know how you guys feel about it, but I think he should be remembered as the legend that he is and what he had done for that organization. Chad, what are your thoughts? Because UNC left. So it just be, it's just me and you guys right now.


What you think Shakam? What? Ring of honor? Name, name on the stadium. Maybe sing a statue outside. That might be a little too much because he wasn't able to win, you know, win them a championship. But what Cam has done, his resume speaks for itself and how he galvanized that, that, that that stadium. The kids, the fans, that community hell and that goddamn team for that matter what y'all think. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. The Chad agree with me?


Yeah. Yeah. The motherfucking chat Agree with me. I love y'all chat. That's what I'm talking about. Yeah. Yeah. Ocho, we lost Con You got me Ocho you got me. I'm right here. Okay. Yeah, we had, I had lost connection. Had to let Dogg out. Yeah. Look, Ocho, ocho cam is one of the two best players. One of the three best player, four best players. So if you like Smitty, you like Julius Peppers. Yeah. You like Luke Keekley, cam Newton, Sam Mills. Yeah. Those are your five best players. I don't care to rank 'em. You can rank 'em wherever you want to. Right. But those are your five best players.


And you talk about a franchise that's 30 years of age. So therefore I believe your five best players, they should always have a montage. Yeah. Or somewhere when you walk into the stadium, when you walk into the facility, those five players should be always present. Yeah. Yeah. And most, most definitely. Your quarterback. Most def, most definitely your quarterback. So, so like I said, You got mcc that's six players. You forgot McCaffrey. Well, I just don't think he played longer. Yeah. He's one of the best players. You put it, but you Got Thomas Davis, Julius Peppers.


Yeah. Was in the hall of Fame. Luke Kiley is gonna the Hall of Fame. Yeah. Dean Smith is gonna be in the hall of Fame. Yeah. Cam and Sam Mills. Sam, I, I think Sam Mills is in the Pro football hall of Fame. Okay. So I believe those are your five best players. Right. And Carolina Football in the, in the very short history of the Carolina Panthers, you this one, or Smitty, whatever the case may be. Because all those guys played that, you know, Kiley retired early because he the trauma. He's like, nah, I'm done with this. I wa I wanna be, you know, hey, I wanna be a, a normal functioning human as I start to get into my mid thirties, forties, so forth and so on.


We know what Pep is. We know, we know what Pep is. We know what Smitty was. But Cam, cam, cam kind of put him on the map, man. Yeah. Yeah. Cam, cam was, cam was him. Cam was him. Smitty. Look. Smitty. What he what Smitty did what? He and Jake The alone? Yeah. It was cut, Cut up. Smitty was that dude. Hey Smitty was that dude? Yeah, Smitty was nice. Name Man, please. Hey, remember him and him and Mu mu Mo Muhammad? Yeah. Yeah. They was Nice, you know. Oh, they did a, they did a number, man. Hey, it, it, look, I said I, I, I, look, I don't know the history.


I don't know what Temper is. I don't know why. Hey, look, I remember when, when Josh McDaniels, when he went back to Denver, he took everything down. He took everybody, everybody, all the past. My pictures, Elway, td, all, he take all of it down in the, in, in the facility. Yeah. What the hell Were he doing? We starting over. It's a new date. Bus stop. Get your ass up outta here. Talking about a new date we legends To. Yeah. What the hell you talking about? Yo? Just because you take the pictures down, they not gonna forget us. Nah, never. That What you thought.


Please. Yeah. Take that. Yeah, pussy. I say, bro, I dunno what, I dunno what you thought. I said, bro, do you, do you understand what John Elway means in that building? Do you understand what td, myself, Hey bro, Hold on. Not just in the building, outside the building. Yes. About it. And a lot of people and a lot and a lot of people. What work? That, that, that work with us in those Super Bowl eras? They were still there. Yeah. They're like, what are you, what are you, what are you hoping to accomplish? That'll be like somebody coming in and they taking down Gronk pictures.


They taking down Brady's pictures. Or you go to the Steelers and ain't no Bradshaw in the building. Ain't no mean. Yo ain't no Franco, ain't no Ham Lambert. Man. What? Yeah, swans. Come on, bro. Tripping, man. You can, you can try to start a new path. Okay, Gran, granted, I understand, But There are certain guys in a building that they ain't going nowhere. They're gonna always be, the people gonna remember them forever because of what they accomplished. Legacy being cemented is what that means. Legacy being cemented. See, bro, I did. I didn't, I ocho I didn't know. Obviously I had people that were working there that's like, man, shut out.


I hate it here. I was like, well damn with that. Like they say he was awful. He was awful because he didn't know how to talk to people. All he knew how to do was yell, screaming, curse. Oh, He, oh, he one of those? Yes. Okay. Because he tried to do everything like Coach Belichick. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Bill ain't play that shit, boy. But Bill had the resume to pull that shit off. You hear me? Yes. Yes. There's a reason why not a whole lot of Coach Belichick disciples aren't successful. Yeah. You know why? Because they don't have their own personality. They try to do everything like him because he suppressed this personality for so long. They adopted his. Yeah, but that's not them. Not at all.


Not not at all. So, but I, I, I, I feel bad. I feel bad for Cam. I feel bad for Cam now. I don't know how he got treated when he went back. Right. I know the love and, and adoration that we get where we go back to the, the, the building. Oh yeah. We go to the facility or we go to the arena. We, we given love and respect. So I don't know how Cam was treated if he went to the facility. Right. I don't know how many those people were there, but they know who Cam Newton is. They know what he means to that organization. But you know every How they, how they, how they treat you when you go back to demo. Really? Come on man. Come on Shane.


Talk to me. Hey. Huh? Hey. But listen, when I, when I go to asked me how do they treat me when I go back to Denver, You hear me? Anything, there's not anything. If I call, I say, Hey, I need some shoulder pad. Right. I'm gonna have shoulder pad in two days. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Listen, listen, when I go, when I go back to Cincinnati, huh? Boy, I would never want for nothing in that city. You hear me? No. I would never want for nothing in that city. Mike Brown, Katie, Troy. This is how Bus they like me. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I like, I like that. I like that. I like that. I Like that. Is that my, that's my lock.


That's my nameplate. Hey, 33, 32, 5,280 feet above C level. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, these are the logos. I think they stick stickers. Yeah, I see you. Okay. Nah, they, Hey bro. Look, and I, I I've only met the, the Walton Penner family that runs the Broncos. Right. Mr. Bowling, his, his, his, his estate ended up selling it.


But when I would, when I would go back prior to Mr. Bowling, he had dementia and stuff and he, he, he went away and, and someone else ran it for him, ran it. But they were great to me. Yeah. Mr. Mr. B told me, he said, look, I said, you know, he's like, you come back anytime you want to. Yeah. I said, well, Mr. BI ain't, I ain't got no name plate. I ain't got no, he said, your, your face, that's your id. Yeah. He said, you'll never, I said, you never have to worry about anything, any game you want to come to. Yeah. Home or road. Yeah.


You my guest. Yeah. See that, Hey, that, hey. That's how they, that's how they treat your boy. That's how Naty boy, you know, I Went to the super ocho, I went to the Super Bowl and I had four people in the suite that seat 16 and food. Mm. It was me, Ray Crockett Foot, and I think one other person. Right. I like with dad, if I knew we gonna have a whole week, hell, I brought about seven, eight more people. Yeah. I them some good day. But yeah. Hey, Cincinnati, Super Bowl, super Bowl in New York. Yeah. It was like four of us in there. Yeah. Oh, Mr. B took Mr. B. Look, I don't, I I think it'd be the same thing with, with the, with the Walton Pinner family.


I, I don't, you know, I look, I stay outta the way. I don't bother nobody. I don't really ask for anything occasionally, but I pay for stuff now if I need tickets, somebody's like, Hey, shut man, can you get me tickets? I call the, the ticket people. I'll just pay for the tickets. Same thing with the Ravens. The Ravens are good to me. Hey Ozzy. Oh, I'm good. Yeah. That's One thing about the Ravens. I mean, some of the fans don't think I like the Ravens, but I know when I go back into that building, I know how they treat me. I know how Steve Bachardy treats me. I know how Ozzy and Eric DeCosta and all those guys. Not a lot of people not there because, you know, they kind of aged out on you. Yeah. But I know how they treat me. I know how them, when I, when I, I haven't been in a long time, but they know the players.


I know how they respect me, and they still got pictures of me up in the building and the new facility. Yeah. I got, I got pictures too. I got pictures too. Hey, hey. But you know what, you know what I don't do? What, which is funny is most of the time you would think, you know, obviously you, when you're so far removed from the game, but the love is still there. It's Still there, man. It's still there. The fans, the people in the city in general. I can go anywhere and I don't want for nothing. Yep. And, you know, I could, I could take advantage of going to the games and, you know, getting tickets, but I, I just, I just go to one game a year. Huh. That's it. I go to one, one game a year. I pay for all the tickets now. Ojo. Yeah. Any, Any, anything they need from me, they, they know I'm there. They know. And they still allow me to be incorporated.


Not in just the team, but some, some of, some of the stuff that they have going on, some engagement with the fans, they still allow me to be a part of that. Man. It is just a good feeling, man. It's just a good feeling to, to, to have, to get your flowers, to get your flowers when you're really of no value anymore outside of what you did for them back in the day. And the fact that they still remember that and the fans still appreciate that to this day, man, it's a, it, it's a dope feeling. That's all you want, all you three things early on, I knew I wanted my teammates respect. I wanted my coaches' trust. I wanted the fans' appreciation. Yeah. Yeah. I tell you what, there's not a fan that ever watched me play in Denver or Baltimore thought, man, man, he bull, he loafing, he bull jiving.


Yeah. They know I gave it everything. Every, every Sunday. Every Monday. Yeah. They know they got the best outta 84 and 82. Oh Yeah. And at the end of the day, that's all, that's all, that's all the fans want. They want you to know that they paying their harder money to see you and they want you to give it your all. Oh yeah. You, Well, I'm sorry to hear that, cam. Hey, you, you were gonna get that. You gonna get y'all, you gonna get some goddamn entertainment, huh? Yeah. Yeah, for sure. You better be ready. You better be ready to Laugh. For sure. For sure. Shit. NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell, he hopes to expand the regular season to 18 games within the five years. We hope to be at 16 international games within five years. Goodell said today, Goodell confirmed that expanding to 16 international games will require increasing the regular season, the 18 game.


We're looking to change our format to 17 and three format, or to maybe 18 regular season games to preseason games that will open up more inventory to allow us to play more globally. Okay. I like it. I like it. Listen, with, with the way the rules are set up right now, with the way the rules are set up right now and allowing players to recover, they don't practice as much as they have as as they used to, as opposed to when we were playing. They don't have two a days. The, the nutrition, the facilities, everything is been heightened. Everything is more advanced now. So adding whatever plan it is that he wants to do, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm all for it. I think the players are also for it because now the more, the more games you add, come on, talk to me man.


At the end of the day, if it, if it, if it makes dollars, it makes sense and the players understand what comes with that. You know? And probably, you'll probably add another bye week too. Oh yeah. You gotta have two. Bye. You'd absolutely to have two. Bye. So, so I, I, I think But Ocho ocho you gonna be playing damn near football damn at St. Patty's day. Yeah. Yeah. Because if you have two bye weeks, ocho Well, no, it all depends or we go. So either you move the season up or you push it back. Because if you only gonna play two preseason games, does that mean you come to camp at the same time? Right. And don't play those two preseason games and now you're playing football in, in August, or do you put, or do you stay on the same schedule?


You come, you come in to camp later, play those two preseason games still start after Labor Day. Right. And now you realize with two bi-week, you put a, with an extra bi week, now you playing the second week of February. Now you at the third week. Yeah. Well listen tho those, those are things that, that they're going to have to work on. I think from a player standpoint with the way the rules are with the practice, a little bit more lenient, a little bit more player friendly as far as rest is concerned. And I, I I like it. It is, it's nothing I could, there's nothing I can say, you know, from, from a negative standpoint that that's, that's, that's pretty much it.


I I like it. The thing is though, the records though, OCHO because you adding two games. Yeah. So now the receiving record, the touchdown record. The yardage record, Yeah. Everything, everything should have a asterisk by it. How about Everything Should have asterisk by it at this point. Because I mean, 18 games Ocho somebody, I mean now somebody's really gonna get 2000 yards receiving. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. It's a possibility. But, But that's the only way Ocho you can increase revenue. You've got, because what you, I mean, what are you gonna do? You've got to have more games.


The networks pay For more games. Games. Yeah. That's the only way you can increase revenue. What? Whatever else you can do. It is by games. I mean, now do you add another playoff team? Maybe. Maybe. It all makes sense. It all makes sense. 'cause it makes money at the end of the day.


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's unconventional awards by T-Mobile for Business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism in addressing transportation barriers, these tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, Easterseals, Southern California for their unconventional thinking,


S Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe With these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved, To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You, feel good enough to go out there and play You? turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need, and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's Odoo dot com.


Hey, it's Kevin Hart, and this basketball season Chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Your seats. I appreciate the support people eat that pretzel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save the tagline. Cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what's yours, Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank, and a member FDIC.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers with in the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limit apply. See paypal.com/rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spent per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bankcorp Bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Coach Bryan will privately intervene if the, if the wrong team drafts your door during appearance on speak time Will asked if he would step in during the draft, excuse me, during the draft process, if the wrong team drafted SHA door, time said, yeah, but I'm not going to do it publicly. I'll do it privately. I'm gonna be a dad until the cows come home. And that's with Travis as well. O Ocho, you like that? Yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. Archie Mannar was able to do it. You know, there are very few, there are very few people that in are in positions to be able to make this kind of call. I think it's very important for the growth and maturity and success of Shado to go to the right team, go to the right situation.


It's, it's very important. It's imperative that, that he does. And, and Prime is going to see that when it comes to Travis Hunter, that motherfucking go any goddamn wear. Yeah. And he gonna make a flash. Yeah. He can go any goddamn wear, he could play on all 32 teams. Hell, he could play on the 33rd team. It ain't even, it ain't one. Yeah. Yeah. And it ain't even one. And he can be successful, but for the quarterback position, it's very, very, very important. And it's imperative that Prime is there doing this entire journey for him in the transition from college to whatever team he does from college, from to whatever NFL team he goes to. Very, very important. Very important. Yeah. I like Your time.


That shit ruin you. Huh? Man. Especially, it's hard to recover, especially the quarterback position. Don't yo Yeah, man. Especially the quarterback position because the, the corner you could kind of do your own thing and look, time was still time even in Atlanta and they wasn't winning no games. Oh yeah. He was still prime time. Oh yeah. You still showed up. He was still box off at the see. Yeah. Oh Yeah. Quarterback go to the wrong situation. You get hell beat at you and now all of a sudden people talk about you a bust. Yeah. Yeah. And a lot of it's not where you go. I mean, look, obviously you want to go high, but I want to go to the right situation. Yeah. So if that means instead of going one, two, I go three and I go to an ideal situation, Right.


With some pieces. Somebody that has an offensive, I'm a quarterback, I need an offensive, I need somebody on the offensive, at least my coordinator, he needs to know what the hell he's doing. Even if you gimme a defensive Mindy coach, right. Like the, like the commanders. But they got Cliff, cliff Kingsbury, Who's Very imaginative, what you need in today's game, you can't have these archaic schemes because the game is is so much more sophisticated now. Yeah. But but also more importantly, wherever he does go having a great offensive coordinator, but there's no point in having a great offensive coordinator and having a great quarterback lecture. Dora coming outta college, being able to do and have the specific skills that he does have.


You have to be sure he has the pieces around him. I mean, if you don't have, you gotta get the motherfuckers in the building. That's the only way, that's the only way it's gonna work. What ojo you look, you know, when you go hide, you going into a crappy situation. Yeah. You can't win the Super Bowl and be picking first. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? The Lakers, the Lakers won the title and then got James worthy the next year. How is that fair? Yeah. Not at all. You ain't gonna have to worry about that in football. That ain't happening. All. Let's, let's, let's, let's, let's, let's take a, let's take a look at this right now. So right now, based on the records right now, who would be picking first in the, in, in the NFL in the draft Jackson Bill.


Okay. Who, who, who would be second Giants? God damnit. What I, I like, I like that. I, I I wonder how Prime would feel about, matter of fact, I'm, I go, I get to Colorado in the morning. I'm gonna ask Prime myself. Matter of fact, I'm gonna pretend I'm a reporter. Prime, how do you feel about your dog going to the New York Giants? You got Malik neighbors. They probably gonna clean house. I'm not sure the ball would probably be, oh, They clean their house day ball, You know, so, but the Question is forget Malik Neighbors, who gonna be the coach? Who be the coordinator? I can tell you who gonna be the coach. You want me to tell you Who I work with him every Wednesday on inside the NFL. He does have Coach Belichick.


He does. He loved the MA family. He was the D coordinator there. See, see what I'm talking about now? That's breaking news. Now that's breaking news. So when Bill Belichick is the, is the head coach for the New York Giants and Shado Sander goes second to the New York Giants. You heard it here first. Mel Kuer eat your heart out. Huh? That Mel er does Out Mel Mel er breakdown college players coming into the league. You don't, you talking about Adam Shefter? Oh, Well, Shefter too. And, and Lewis Reddick. I said it first. Make sure make Hey Chad, make sure I get the credit. That ain't what Sweet Lou does either. Sweet Lou, break That game. I know. I don't, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm just naming some of the people that I I admire.


That's all. Okay. Yeah. Oh, also it seems that Bryce Underwood won't be tempted by the massive N-I-N-I-L offer. Michigan on three reported that the Wolverines are prepared to offer the elite quarterback recruit four years, 10 and a half million dollars NIL deal in hopes of flipping his current commitment to LSU Underwood posting on Instagram stories seemingly confirming he will decline the offer. Oh, he's gonna decline the offer to go to SU. So I'm assuming LSU must be paying him a bigger bag than what Michigan is offering. If I was Underwood, I would decline the LSU offer and take my ass to Colorado. How about that?


Take them apples. Man. Look here. ocho a lot of these kids come from situations. Man, look here, we talk about last night, 3 75 changes. Somebody life. What the hell is 10.5? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. Most definitely. And I forgot to tell you, most of the people, 98% of the people agree with me that $375,000 is a lot of money. Is life changing money. It ocho We, don We, don, Hey, we don't gotta touch it again. I just wanna throw that out there. We don't It, but see what, I think the chap missed the point, right? I didn't say it wasn't a lot of money, I say, but for that 375,000 to last you a lifetime, people say, well, people don't work only make 20,000.


Yeah. And what are y'all saying? You struggling. So imagine you have to spend for your lifetime. I said the lifetime and you cannot work. I'm not saying somebody gave, You can't, you can't be saying they can't work now the man gotta have a job. That's What I said. Okay. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. You Said he could live. You said, hey man, 3, 7, 5, I could live off 3 7, 5. Okay. See that? That's not fair. You can't, you can't take the scenario and make it your own now. No Debt. He on the run. Oh, Joe, you make it seem like he could just go in there and slap his ID down. Hey, let get a job. Here's my social security number, here's my ID from the states. He can't do that. He gotta lay low. He's gonna have to go find a job that pays him cash only and they don't give a damn.


Because here's the thing, Ocho, when you spend your money, people gonna wonder why, man, why did you keep coming in here in eastern Europe with American money? Mm. If you, if somebody, I guarantee you, you let somebody show up in Miami and they go to the store and every time they showing up with A-A-A-A-A-A different currency. Yeah. People get suspicious. First of all, people know this. Hell anyway, they're like, what the hell is an American living in the middle of Eastern Europe? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yes. 70 is a lot of money. Yeah. If somebody gave you that and you were able to keep, get a job, let's just say you made 20,000, 25,000.


Yeah. Now you put 10,000 with that, you're straight. You Gucci. Yeah. Good. I'm good. But, But you think about it, Ocho, if you, if you make 20,000 a year and, and you gotta, that, that's 3 75 gotta last you a lifetime. That's only gonna last you 19 years. Hey UNC is is it is all on your financial discipline baby. It's all on your financial discipline. You got to make the right decision. Now that's very difficult for some people. You gotta eat, you gotta sleep, you gotta buy clothes. Yeah. What You be the Beverly Hills Billy, you gonna be Jeff Bodine? Shit, that's what I look like right now. Road ride your waist for a belt.


Oh, shoe lace. Yeah. Yeah. This joke man, they got but Ocho lemme tell you, I don't know if you know, but insurance company, first of all, they don't wanna pay out that damn money anyway. Right. And they know you because think about it, they already pinpointed him that he's somewhere in Eastern Europe. So they already got, they already like, Hey, they gonna get that money. Oh yeah. You Done scam them too. Oh, they gonna get that money. And, and guess what? Think about all the people. Hey, you know what the FBI he wanted, man, I think I saw that guy. I think he the guy that worked at the shop. Yeah.


And guess what I'd Be like, somebody gonna turn his ass in. Don't yo, for 25,000, 50,000. Yeah, well definitely more. Definitely listen better than me. I'd be like Leonardo di Leonardo DiCaprio and catch me if you can. Right ab now I'm, I'm gonna keep it moving. Yeah, that's it. But whew, 10.5 million as an 18-year-old. That's life changing money. Yeah. Yeah it is. That's, that's more than life changing money. Oh, 10.5 million for a a Hell yeah. Well, 10.5 million is life changing money for anybody. That's not A-A-A-A-A-A multimillionaire Right. To the a to the average person.


Yeah. Oh, that, listen, that's, that's more, that's way, that's more than, that's way more than enough. Hell The Volume,


Did you know that Parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach. Meet Greenlight the debit card and money up for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids' spending with real-time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/iheart.


Hey, it's Kevin Hart and this basketball season Chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seeds. I appreciate the support people. Eat that pretzel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay. This is starting to get old. Save on tag one cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what choice Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


This fall watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included as a special last chance offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59.99 per month for three months. Don't miss this offer Ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59.99 per month for three months, then 82 point 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply


Oh the places you'll go when you go in. Tom's the beloved Family Footwear brand. Over the years we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort. Our fall collection offers hundreds of styles for women, men, and kids at great prices, boots, sneakers, wedges, loafers flats, and our iconic allgas slip-ons. When you buy Tom's, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date. And we're just getting started. Shop the full fall assortment now@toms.com.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.