
Hi everyone. It's Savannah Guthrie and Hoko from The Today Show. Nobody does the holidays like today from festive performances and great gift ideas to tips for the perfect holiday. Fes, join us every morning on NBC and make today your home for the holidays.


Holiday Magic is in the air and DS W's Got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow, styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants, like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock, and more. And deals to make your budget right. Find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you or DSW dot com.


What's up everybody? I'd na burkin to tell about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason de mes here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on La Tabla. Listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America. And with the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on draftings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


In the last home game at Folsom Field in front of the home crowd, Travis Hunter and Shado Sanders put on a show they did Colorado demolished Oklahoma State 52 to nothing to keep their slim playoff hopes alive. Prime told Colorado going into respond after the 37 21 law. The buffaloes didn't just respond, they obliterated the opposition. It was Colorado's long, largest margin of victory since beating the gophers, the Minnesota Gophers, 58 to nothing in 1991. Mm. Shado Sanders was 34 of 41 4 38, 5 touchdowns and an interception.


Shado, excuse me, Travis Hunter. 10 catches a buck. 16, three touchdowns, a pick, two pass breakups they had. Yeah, Travis was no, Shadu was 31 or 41. 4 38. Five touchdowns, one in deception. Webster Wester, excuse me, had 11 catches a buck, 75, 2 touchdowns. Oh, Travis Hunter 10 catches, 1 16, 3 touchdowns. I think his name is Will Shepherd had six catches for 67 yards. I like this because this is what Prime knew.


Prime knew that they, Boise State was gonna try to give Gente as many carries as he could handle and let him try to get as many yards as he can. Yeah. And he says, I'm not gonna let y'all, I'm not, I'm not gonna just get up a big and take my dogs, call my dogs off. Right. Trav stay out there. 'cause I want them to, I want them to. I let 'em know just how great you are. Can I interest you in ten four, buck 16 and three touchdowns? Can I interest you in a pick? Can I interest you in two pass breakup? Can I interest y'all in that? Yeah, He left. No doubt at all. No doubt that he's going to win the Heisman Trophy in December. What is that? The first week of December? So that's next Saturday, isn't it?


It's it's normally the first Saturday. It's normally the first Saturday in December. December 14th, they backed it up. Okay. Dec Oh yeah. Because you know, they got, they got conference play now, right? Yeah. Conference. So conference play would be LA next weekend. Yeah. I there's no question in my mind, he's the best college player. Look and there's nothing, look, Ashton Genti had an unbelievable season. Crazy. 2000, what is he at 2000 and is he at 2020? Was it 2086?


Well, we know Barry, Barry Ru Barry rushed for 26, 25 and 11 games and he had another 225 yards and five touchdowns in the holiday bowl that they didn't count that. So he would've been over 2,800 yards and over 40 touchdowns in 12 games. Which, I mean, think about how much, how many yards you would literally, you would literally have to rush for like 250 yards a game. Ocho to beat that. Yeah. 2, 2 8. Two two. Eight, eight. So he has 20, he has twenty two hundred and eighty eight yards and he has the conference championship next week. Right. He's only behind Kevin Smith. Melvin Gordon. Thursday. Okay, so Barry's 26, 25, 26, 28.


26. 28. So he's about what, 350, 340 something yards. 3 34. 3 4 3 40. But I love what I saw from Colorado three 40 man ocho, if they could have just got Kansas, now they're going to the, the Big 12 championship game.


Yeah. With a chance to go. No question. They're going to the, what you call 'em, they'd be going to the college football playoffs. So now they have, they have to rely on two, two or three teams to lose Iowa, if I'm not mistaken. Is it Iowa? Iowa State? I think it's Iowa State. Yeah. Yeah. So hopefully, hopefully everything goes in their favor and they they make it make it to the playoffs. I think they can, they can, they can call some hell now they can call some hell and call some havoc depending on who they matched up with. So, you know, that's is here, here's the hope they do make it. Yeah, he could, he could easily, but how many games have he played? 12, 13. He's played 12 games. He's played 12 games.


So he's already played one more game. I don't think he's getting three 40. Who did they play? Who did they play? Okay. Yeah. And then, and he gonna play in the college. He got got gotta go play a game in the college football playoff and they gonna give him as many care as he need. I can see that. I can see that. So he needs a hundred because if they, what, what if, what if they lose this game? Do you think they make the college football play off? Who did We don't playing, But who could it possibly be, man, how to Colorado State and what you call 'em Beat the brakes off them.


Yeah. Yeah. So they're guaranteed at least two more games or Joe, and so he's probably gonna need, he's gonna need 340 yards and two games. Mm. And there haven't been very many games this year that he's gotten help under 170 yards. And I think this is why I, I think this is why Prime Left, left his guys right. That he is like, look, no, no, no, no, no, no. I know it's 35. Nothing to, so we gonna finish this, we gonna finish this thing out. Right? And Travis, his last game in Folsom Field, nobody in Colorado is gonna re gonna not not remember him. They're gonna remember him forever.


You can make the case. He's the greatest college Colorado player ever. I mean, Cordell, Rashan Salam, Brian Byron Riz White, he was a chief, he was a Supreme Court Justice. He went there, but it's hard. They had Westbrook, they've had some great defender, you know, they had Alfred, Alfred Williams, and they have Hudson and they had a lot of different guy, Eric Bmy, JJ Flanagan. They've had some guys. Yeah, but it's gonna be hard to say that they're better, better players than Travis Hunter. No. Damn. Wow. Georgia's losing What? 17? Nothing. Georgia Tech Where, I mean, where I remote at.


No. 'cause if I, if I turn that on, I'm gonna be looking to my left. Don't worry about it. But Shado threw the ball exceptionally well today. 34 41, 4 38 set. He, he broke his own record. He had the most touchdown passes in a single season. He upped that. Now what's he at now? Like 34. He most passing yards in a single season. I think he broke coy Detour's record back in the mid nineties when he was playing for Rick New Heisel. Yeah. He said an all time single season passing record, the previous record with 3,527 yards set by Coy Detmer with another game to play. So he has an opportunity to to, to move that even further.


Ocho Travis Hunter, he had already had, he was the Heisman front runner and today was his most impressive game of his career. A three touchdown performance, a won an interception, a couple of past breakups. Hunter had 10 catches for 116 yards, three touchdowns, his fourth interception on the season with the regular season in the stat book offensively. He had 92 receptions, 1,152 yards, 14 receiving touchdowns. One Russian touchdown on defense. He had four interception with a lot of quarterbacks not even throwing in his direction. He is the best collegiate player in football. We've never seen a guy that could do what he did on both sides of the ball.


Coach Prime goes off on Travis Hunter snub, snub for the Jim Thorpe award time blasted the fact that Travis Hunter not selected as the finals for the Jim Thorpe Award saying that omission was idiotic and devalued the integrity of the war High as Travis snub by the Thorpe Award. You can have my award, you can have mine back. Matter of fact, I'm going to give it mine. I ain't using it, just sitting up there collecting dust. So Travis can have my Thorpe Award because if it ain't the most idiotic thing in college football, if it's, he's not a finally for the Jim Thorpe award. And, and he, and he is, I would say arguably, but I don't think I really argue about the young man being the best defensive back in college football. It, it just looks bad.


Ocho the kid win the Heisman, the Heisman Trophy, he's a defensive back. Right? He's also a receiver. And you mean to tell me he's not one of the best three DBS in the country? We already know He is actually, we know he's the best db and that's why Prime planted that seed maybe two or three weeks ago when he was in front of the media and understanding how they were gonna play games, how they were gonna play games based on how they feel about him allowing their disdain and discuss for him personally to affect the success of the players on the team that are deserving of the accolades and what they've done this year and being the best player offensively and defensively on the field.


He's already said it. So again, everything is coming to a head that he knew they were going to do. He knew they were gonna do this. I i i, it, it just, it doesn't make sense to me. Now he's nominated as one of the best defensive, I think it's Nger, the KY Award, which is the best college defensive player, but not the best. So he one of the best college def defense isn't def isn't DB a defensive player? I thought I that's what I I could be wrong, ocho. I I but I thought DB was on the defensive side of football. Yeah. And because we've seen D DBS win Defensive Player of the year, we saw Stefan Gilmore Prime won it.


Rod Wilson won it. Who else won it? I think Charles Woodson won it. Rod Woodson won it. So we've seen DBS win Defensive Player of the year, which means they were the best defensive player that year. Okay. So you mean to tell me this man could possibly win the Heisman. He's a finalist for the Gersky Award, but he's not a violist for the Thor for War. They don't, you know, they, they, they make their own rules. Huh? When you're, when you're in positions of like that and you're able to control the narrative, this is the type of stuff they pull. This is the type of stuff they're able to pull. Because you, you, I mean, come on oj I mean, you probably did Charles Wilson win the Thorpe Award?


He probably did. Did what? He win the Thorpe Award, because he won't. The Heisman, I'm sure he did. Yeah. Because he was the best defensive player that year. Yeah. Funny. It's funny. I mean, the guy, How that works, looks, Yeah. So I, I don't know, it just, it just seems, it just seems, it doesn't make sense to me that a guy could possibly win the Heisman and he plays defensive back, but he's not one of the best defensive back. He could win the, he could win possibly the best defensive player of the year, but he is not the best db. Okay, So how did, I'm tried to figure out how did Miles Garrett win Defensive player of the year, but he's not one of the best defensive linemen.


They make up the rules as they go. They, they do what they wanna do. Travis Hunter odds soars in spite of a loss, he hauled in 125 yards receiving two touchdowns on eight receptions. Hunter eclipsed the hundred yard receiving mark for the sixth time this season, tying a single season school record on defense hunter. Seven total tackles, two pass breakups, and were an interception. Here's the thing though, Ocho Yeah. And he got that interception, which he do. Oh, We, we undercut It. Yeah. Yeah. They, they'd end up, they'd go ahead and send him to Heisman. They'd go ahead and send it to him. Listen, you might as well, you might as well. Especially, he almost had it too.


If they, if it wasn't for the ground, he would've caught that. Yeah. Draft King Sports book now have his, have half him as they minus 800 favorite ahead of Ashton Genty, who has the second best odds at plus six 50? I just don't unless he rushes for 400 yards and six touchdowns. Right. I just don't know how he overtakes him. I just don't know, Joe. He, he's not, he's not. No, he's not gonna overtake him. Listen, Travis Hunter is, is going to win the Heisman Trophy. Everybody can see that. Everybody can see that. Now. I, I would hope, and again, I've said it before, those that are doing the voting, I, I would hope that they don't allow their personal vendet against Prime. Maybe not liking 'em for whatever reason it may be, but don't allow your personal issues with Prime to take away from a player success.


That's do, that's doing something absolutely phenomenal and spectacular. That's been done before, but never been done to this magnitude. Don't, don't do that. Don't do that.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA Member FDIC.


What's up everybody? Ad named RK today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 Game NHL Defenseman turned NHL network analysts. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp. How about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're still gonna find out. We're not just hockey talk, we're gonna all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL now, You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Viki, That's sure of Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demur and the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast Against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


I think Time will have 'em ready to play seven and two, they won 10 games. That's the first time that they had a coach to win Go win 10 wins in combined seasons since Gary Barnett in 99 in 2000. That just goes to show you a team that won four games last year. Looks like it's about to double that win total up this year. There are a lot of people that's disappointed that Coach Prime is doing so well because there are a lot of people that want to see him fail, whatever for whatever re for whatever reason. Maybe he didn't do an interview with you. Maybe did you don't like the way you know that they call him a false prophet? I don't get it. I don't know why. It's not like you go into his church congregation Thing. Even the people that wanna see him fail, think about everything. If you, if you follow Coach Prime's career, everything, he goes everywhere he goes, even if whether it was on the field or whether it's off the field.


Everything he does and puts this time in, it turns a goal. Everything he does, he does and puts this time in, it comes into fruition and there's success behind it. So if you, you watch him at the high school level, he succeeded. If you watch him at the collegiate level, even at Jackson State, he succeeded. It was only a matter of time, even here in Colorado. Right Now, you think about what he's done so far in such a short amount of time, what you think it gonna look like next year? What you think gonna happen when the portal happened, hit next year? What you think kid is gonna wanna do and will they Well, I'm, I'm gonna worry about this year because unless they get another UR and Travis Hunter, let, let's go ahead. Let's go ahead. Let's go ahead. You know, you know they quarterback, you know, the quarterbacks are going to wanna come play there.


I don't think that's gonna be the issue. Getting another skill player, getting another skilled player. Yeah. Snatching somebody else from one of those other Power five schools. Oh, they, they gonna come, You know, Shado and, and, and, and Travis can be a top, can both be top five picks. Now what's the likelihood you get Absolutely two top five picks outta the portal. So what's the, like what's the likelihood of you getting two top five picks out's? It some, it's some young bulls out there that can play some ball now, now the chance of getting two top five picks, I don't know. But you can get some very, very good quality players, especially quarterbacks. I don't think we gonna see another Travis Hunter for a while. We can see another receiver, we can see another dynamic receiver that might transfer and hit the portal and come, but We won't see a two-way player like that.


Yeah. Yeah. Ocho mute. Oh my bad, my bad. You can hear in the background. Yeah. I just think the thing is, look, I mean I I to openly root for somebody to not have success and I get it, you know, everybody because they expect black people to be, be humble, be glad you coaching. Right, right, right. Be glad you got this. Be be humble. They always expect us, but you know why. Yeah, why gotta be humble. Right? Right. It ain't bragging if I do what I say I can. I mean, and the thing is, because a lot of times, because he was so great, I mean, to be a professional football player and a baseball player simultaneous so well we couldn't root again.


I mean we couldn't do or say anything bad about him because he was at the top of his game in one sport and he was a damn good player in another sport. So now I guess the only thing we can do is just root against his team, root against his players. And if I, and look, sometimes I expect sometimes of, of other people to do that. I just didn't expect that from from, but I should expect you understand because where it's coming from, right? From some the people, some of the people that's coming from Yeah, exactly. Most definitely. Because they've always done it. They've always done it most of the time for one, we not even afforded opportunities to be at, be in positions of power like that to be leaders of men, especially young men at that. So you already know where it comes with, especially when you have a coach that's not afraid to say what he needs to say.


He walks a certain way, he talks a certain way and he doesn't abide by the guidelines of what it's like to be a head coach. He doesn't, he will, he, he marches by the beat of his own drum and it rubs a lot of people the wrong way. And I, I think the quarterback play on, on some of the teams that we're used to seeing that are really good. The quarterback play isn't good, huh? Quarterback play is not good outside of Shado Sanders, cam Ward and maybe two other, two others I'm talking about. Right. I think they like that guy. A lot of people like the kid at Ole Ms. Jackson Dark, he threw for five 15 and six US down today The receiver named had eight eight for two Watkins.


He's, he's rated real high too though. Old Joe. He's rated he might be the number one or number two receiver on people's, on people Board. So that's nice. Eight for two on, that's video game numbers now. Yeah, it's and five tds. I mean the most I've had in the game is I have four tds. What the game, I had four TVs one time in college, but they never had five. That that's a, that's a lot. Excuse me. And averaging what? 30 yards? A he's averaging damn near what, 30 yards a catch? They're playing 7 0 7. That's 7 0 7 numbers, Right. Yeah. But when you look at the quarterbacks that they, I I think right, that they had rated fairly high.


You had Beck and you had some of these other guys and when you look at it now, you hear them talking more about Shado, excuse me, KES, yours was another guy that they had rated very high. Oh, Joe. But now you hear it's, now you hear a Cam Ward now. Yeah. And some, and, and it's, it's guys like that and Jackson Dart, I think he was, he was up there, but he's getting played now. I think you look at his odds going into that game or the Heisman and then you look at what they are coming out of that game. So clearly he moved the needle with that performance that he had today. Right Now I still think Travis Hunter is the favorite for the simple fact. Boys gonna say gt, he's, look, he's gone, he's going Ocho he's got yards.


He's, he's getting, you know, 31 carriers. I think he had a buck 47, I think he had like 30 carriers last year, like a last year, last week I think he had like one 50 something, but he's not doing that two 50. Right. The 2 0 8, you know, the things like that. And so I, I felt that in order for him to win the Heisman, he was probably gonna have to go for like somewhere between 23 fair and 2,500 yards because we seen guys get 2000 yards. That's that's whole, huh. And, and, and he's got the quarterbacks and the quarterbacks with Ex, I mean man Cam Ward has what, 29 touchdowns. But what Trav is doing and the level in which he's executing ocho, he could be a guy that ends up having over a thousand yards.


I don't know how many catches he have. Ash, can you look that up and say how many catches he have? But he's gonna go over a thousand yards. Here's the guy that might have three, four touchdowns, you know, seven, eight pass break up, couple Interceptions. It's gonna be Yeah, yeah. I'm say yeah. And it's gonna be hard. It's gonna be hard to overlook that Ocho it's just so hard because he's playing both at an extremely high level. High level. And so when we look at it, Woody was, Charles Wilson did it, champ did it. Miles, miles, Jack did it. But we thought of those guys as more offensive. I mean a defensive player. I'm not so sure that people don't think that that trial is more of an offensive player because he's so dynamic.


I mean, he's so dynamic. And those guys, o Joe, they played, they had packages. They didn't play every snap. He's playing every day Else. Now, you know what scares me a little bit, you know, when it comes to Travis Hunter or even Shado being mentioned and taken seriously about being able to win the Heisman, it's about all the people that aren't fond of Dionne, all the people that aren't fond of Prime and, and, and, and, and the success that he's having. I hope it doesn't affect those that are doing the voting when it comes to the Heisman race. I just, it just, something doesn't sit right with me. Shado hasn't been in the talks about the Heisman race for what, to me, what it seemed like for a very long time. And they play, they're playing very well. I agree. I don't hear a name because been, they talk about everybody else outside of Shado obviously, obviously Travis Hunter is doing what he's doing and that, that's, that's a, a goddamn no brainer.


It the fact that, you know, Shara's name isn't being brought up and talks and is, it is not on charge. It's not on graphs. It's, it's, it's, it's weird to me and I just hope that people's personal issue with Prime and the Colorado Buffaloes doesn't affect the players that are playing Well Yeah, I, I agree. But I think Shado is having an unbelievable season. I mean, what is he, I think he has 21 touchdowns, six interceptions. He's still completing what, 70, you know, 70 plus percent of his passes, which is really, really good. He just so happened to be playing on a, on a team with a guy that's playing both sides of the football. He's playing both of those that are extremely high level. You know, it happens, it's kinda like a, you know, you have two basketball players and they're both really good, but one is just having a right, a crazy, crazy season.


I mean, you know, so we, we, we've seen that happen before. Alright. Ocho Colorado is one game away from being bold. Yeah, yeah, yeah. George Sanders went 23 or 33 passing 250 yards, two touchdowns, the Russian touchdowns with two interceptions. Travis Hunter started, started after injuring his shoulder against Colorado against Kansas State. But with the 28 3 lead, he sat out the entire second half to rest that shoulder. The buffalo's improved to five and two with the win today. But boys ain't been five and two since 2014. Man, I think. I think 2014, something like that. Yep. Yeah, I, this they look good today, man.


They look like a completely different team. They look like a completely different team. I, they could have put up more points than they did too. They could have put up more points than they did. And you say they're bold eligible with one more win, right? Yeah, they gotta get it fixed. They just beat Arizona. Who, who do they have next, do you know? I don't who they got. Who's on the schedule, don't they? Got it. Do they play Arizona State this year? Cincinnati. They got Cincinnati at home. Okay. That's a, that's a, that's a dub. What Tech Ag Texas Tech. Texas Tech got trounced today.


Texas Tech. They not good this year, huh? Mm. They throw the ball around. Yeah, they always, they listen, they, they always been like that. So hell, the the bus got a chance to go seven and two. Yeah, the score was 28 7. Colorado was up 28, 7 at the half. And so Travis Hunter Coach Prime gave him the rest of the day off. They're doing a great job. They're attacking the quarterback. If you look at it, 1, 3, 4, 5, 7, look like they had like seven. They had seven sacks, seven tackle for losses. Defense is doing a great job. They ran the football ocho, they ran the football 39 Ches 148 yards.


Webster had another big day receiving the ball. Eight four, buck 27 23 had two, three completions for 250 yards, two touchdowns, and they ran the ball. This is one of the times though, Joe, when you look at it, they had more rushing attempts than passing attempts. Yeah. And you know what, you know what's funny? When you're running the ball efficient like that and you're gashing teams like that, it balances out the playbook. Yep. You can do what you wanted. You can do what you wanna do in the past game when you can, when you can know you can run the ball, it makes everything easier, everything easier. Oh, Texas second, a bad day or five and two. BYU sits to top the conference at four and Oh Tide with Iowa State at four and oh K State is three and one they six and one Texas Tech is three and one in the conference.


Cincinnati is three and one in the conference. Colorado is three and one in the conference, seven and oh seven and oh six and one five and two, five and two, five and two. Kansas State has the advantage because they already beat Colorado Head, head Colorado. Yeah. So, but this game, you know, hey, they can do some damage win against Cincinnati. They, I like, I I, but I like, I, it, it seems to me that they're, they are, they get better. They just can't have that love. Because remember what they did to UUCF ocho, they went down there and they dominated the most complete game. Even Coach Prime came on and said this was our complete most complete game. Right. And then the next week, all of a sudden they forgot how to, to, to, to attack, stop the run and how to protect your door.


So hopefully they played, they, they like, you know what, this is how we got to where we needed to be. Let's continue this. But that defense, the defensive line they were attacking today, they did an unbelievable job. Travis Hunter Yeah. Went on destroying his podcast and said he wishes he could stay in Colorado and played for the Broncos because of the love the community that's shown him, him, he says neighbors leave signs before the game and watch his dog's when he's on the road. That's live. I I it is. I mean, hey look, that's one thing Broco country, they, hey, they love what? Oh my God.


They love, they look, he obviously, he's, he's a phenomenal player. Phenomenal talent. Did you see that? Did you see that goddamn picture of him? That video of him playing basketball? Oh, oh yeah. Boy, he got some, yeah, he can elevate, but I could just imagine if he was a, if he played for the problem, could You imagine him and Pastor Jr 1, 1, 1 on one side Travis on, on another. They lock it down for sure. They lock it down for sure. But unfortunately, I don't know the Broncos. I mean, I don't think the Broncos, I don't think the Broncos would take a, I mean, don't, you don't pass.


Ain't nobody pass them up unless you need a quarterback. Unless you, unless you know, you know you need a quarterback, you know, because all things being equal, Joe. I'm always gonna take a quarterback. I don't give a damn. I, I don't care. I need a guy that's gonna score the points. Quarterback Can Touch the ball too. Can he touch the ball much? Sometimes the person that touch the ball too much can also put you in harm's weight as we've seen so far. Yeah. Obviously all, all quarterbacks are created equal, but I give you a choice. Patrick Mahome on Travis Hunter Josh, Josh Allen or Travis Hunter Lamar Jackson or Travis Hunter Jane Daniels or Travis Hunter, CJ SRA or Travis Hunter.


Travis Hunter. Dak Pres caught a Travis Hunter. Daniel Jones. A Travis Hunter. See? Huh? Trevor. Lawrence a Travis Hunter. Well first You see, you see, But here's the thing though, Ocho, I don't, Ocho here's the thing. I don't believe had Daniel Jones not gone to Duke and been two and been coach David Cutcliffe. Yeah. Coach Peyton and coached Eli. So, right. You got two number one overall picks that was coached by him. You know the scouts, oh, this guy has an arm better than Peyton and Eli. This guy's more athletic than Peyton. Eli. This guy sees the field. He's bigger, he's stronger a lot, A lot, a lot.


Oh man, you heard what David kcl playing now he coached Peyton and Eli. Now he would know if anybody would know same thing if re said something about you. Now, you know, REL don know now she been with him for five years. See You see how that go Ocho. See, so somebody that has coached two guys, one Super Bowl, mvp, super Bowl, MVPs. Now he's coaching somebody else and he says, oh, as far as talent, I think he might have more talent. Now, I'm not saying he's gonna be Peyton Manning, but could he be Eli Eli was a two, two time Super Bowl winner. Gonna go to the Hall of Fame.


So yeah, Trav man, he, he, he's phenomenal bro. He's phenomenal. Hopefully he's enjoying, hopefully he's enjoying his time off there on the bi week this week. Coach Joe and then they come back at home against Kansas State. Yeah, I'm, I'm go go that Game. You going to the game. I mean, Travis talked about NIL saying it's not about the NIL, it's about the NFL. If I would've went somewhere else, I could've gotten major amount of money. You see where I'm at with the best coach that's going to put me in the best situation time has made it abundantly clear. The young man said he wanted to play offense and defense gave him that opportunity because he didn't wanna rob him, right.


Of his God-given ability. Now all I can do is do what? He's under my tutelage. Let him play offense and due defense once he goes to the next level. I think Go ahead. Did you went anywhere else outside of Colorado? Do you think they would allowed him to play, they would allowed him to play offensive defense? I think so. I, I don't think so. I don't think so.


The Volume, What's up everybody? I damn bur here to type of a new about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deir here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks, we're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let tabla Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of going Infinite Moneyball the Blind Side in Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.