
New from embedded. Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics, but it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man Here? About the long history of sex testing, women athletes on tested a new series from CBC and NPRs embedded podcast? Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete, or how the best in the sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League One Volleyball's podcast serving pancakes.


Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about the sport itself and what it takes to stand on the podium. I'll be joined by top athletes and figureheads and sports as we dive deep into match play mindset and memories from years past. And you can guarantee that pancakes will be on the menu. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, I'm Jay Shetty and I'm the host of the On Purpose Podcast. This week I got the opportunity to interview Fat Joe. Fat Joe shares his life journey from the streets to stardom. You know, when you die, nobody cares what car you drive. Nobody cares what clothes you had.


What they want to know is what did you do for the people? Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't wanna miss this one. Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One, September 20th and 21st T-Mobile Arena here in Las Vegas Stream Live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean, Camilla Cab. Doja Cat. Dua Lip, Gwen Stef St. Halsey Hozier Keith Urban New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows, Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, and more.


Buy tickets now with A x s.com. Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL Media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. The Volume, The 82 Game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season.


Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin Tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling, call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org.


Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources. The playoffs are upon us the best place to watch right there in person. Gametime is an authorized ticket marketplace for playoff basketball, which makes getting playoff tickets even easier and faster. Prices on Gametime apps actually go down closer. It gets to tip off with killer last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat. The lowest price guarantee Gametime takes the guess work out of buying tickets. Save even more when you choose a section and let Gametime choose to seat the lowest price guaranteed.


Or Gametime will credit 110% of the difference. Take the guesswork out of buying playoff basketball tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code Nightcap $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code Nightcap, N-I-G-H-T-C-A-P for $20 off download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed. Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us again for another episode of Nightcap Olympic Style edition. And this is the closing ceremony on the Olympics.


And this is OCHO and I closing ceremony on the Olympics. I'm your favorite Aunt Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite number 85. He's the route runner extraordinaire, the bingo ring of Fame Honoree. Yes sir. The legendary, the pro bowler, the All Pro from Samo Juco to the Cincinnati Bengals. Y'all know it. Liberty City's on Chad Ochocinco Johnson, please do us a favor. Make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Remember every podcast subscriber matters and you matter because you've helped us grow this far, this much thus far.


Please make sure you check out Shaa by La Portier. We do have it in stock. I wanna thank you again for your patience that you showed when we didn't have it in stock and you guys were still placing orders. So thank you very much. Again, we have it in stock and if we don't have it in a city that's near you, feel free to order it. Make sure it comes right to your door. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company. That's 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. We have a very, very special interview later tonight with Nyjah Houston. Yeah, but first Ocho yo, this was the toughest test for our ladies in the eight consecutive gold medals that they won. Yeah, it was. I Was scared on why we was scared.


Now On home soil, the US survived a serious test by France 67 66. Gabby Williams heave at the buzzer was good but had stepped on the line, which mean it was, it meant it was a two and not a three. And they hold on. The US capture 61 consecutive Olympic wins, eight consecutive gold medals. Diana TEI, six gold medals. If I'm not mistaken, I don't think any other athlete has that many Right. Gold medals. We saw Mi Jean Lopez, the great Greco-Roman super heavyweight. He has five consecutive but six consecutive gold medals for dt.


Congratulations. Sunday wins over France marked the third time during the US 61 game winning streak that the contest did not was decided by single digits. Wow. Only the third time Mocho, they beat France today by one. They beat Russia in the semi-finals in 2004 by four in 2021 they beat Nigeria by nine. And then all the other stuff has been at least double digits. Asia Wilson, MVP of the Olympics averaged 18 points, which was third. Overall, she led in rebounds at 10, she led a block shot. She led in double doubles. She showed why she's the best female basketball player, woman's basketball player in all the land.


And it's not even close. And today, 21 points, 13 rebounds, four blocks. And when they absolutely had to have it, you had to have it. A dub stood up. So yeah, congratulations, women job well done. And with that victory, the United States ties China for the most gold medals. But we blew 'em away with total medals. So total medals. Yeah, that's what I look at. I mean, all that stuff I want the most. Yeah, so most definitely. Would you most definitely would ocho would you rather have $2 billion in 10 or a billion dollars in hundreds? Well, you got more hundred than I got, but I got more money than you got. Yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. That's the way I look at it.


And so ocho, I saw the medal count before Cheryl. This is what US women's basketball coach Cheryl Ree said. I saw the medal count beforehand. So I knew said US women's basketball coach Cheryl Ree who said she thought to herself, that's why we need more pressure. The US easily won the medal count 1 26. But we had 40 goals, 42 silver and 44 bronze. And if I'm not mistaken, track and feel far exceeded every expectation. 34 total medals. I don't think we've kind of dis, we don't really disappoint in anything. I mean maybe you wanna say no ly not winning the gold but, And the two But the bogo, Yeah, he ran well.


Well man's he ran well. He ran the He ran the per Race. Yes. He was on a mission. And China came in second in total medals ocho, they had 91 total to our 1 26. They had 40 gold, 27 silver, 24 bronze in Japan with a distant third with 40 medals, 20 gold medals and 45 medals overall. The last time the US didn't sit atop the standings and the gold medals were at the Beijing Olympics. And, we understand Beijing is in China and you normally get some, sometime anywhere between a five and a 15 medal bump when you are on home turf or home turf. So the Americans finished second to China in Beijing 48 to 36. The US has, has the most medals overall in the last consecutive summer Olympics.


Eight. Yeah. The last eight summer Olympics. The last time the Americans failed to set atop the medal stand as far as total medals, OCHO was in Barcelona in 1992. Woohoo. And listen, you know, you know, I know everybody watched the, the Olympics in its totality. There were some events I'd never really had the opportunity to watch before. And you know, peacock did one hell of a job. Yes. Peacock did one hell of a job being able to show multiple events. You know, I was able to see some events. Obviously I have never watched before. Obviously the, the slalom kayaking, I was, I was able to, I was, listen, I was able to see, I was able to see the break dancing and, and a few other events I had never had the opportunity to see before because there was no coverage.


But they did one hell of a job showing event after event after event. Also NBC, you know, did a, did a great job as well. But man, I enjoyed the Olympics and its totality all, all the way across the board. Especially track, obviously track being one of one of my favorites. Yeah. And, and it, man, it didn't fall short of expectations. It didn't disappoint and everyone showed, everyone showed up. Yeah. It didn't disappoint at all. I mean, everyone showed up. Go ahead. Don't show out. I was gonna say you got world records and everything. Yeah, yeah. Most, most definitely. Most definitely. We, we, we, we showed up and showed out. Yeah. For the, for the most part. Yeah. You showed up and showed out. Said, you know, we got a world record. We got a world record in, in the 400 meter hurdles.


Women's, we got a world record in the mixed relays. Kip gon set an Olympic record, kept the guy, I mean we, we, we, we, we got Olympic records in the, in the women in the Women's Olympics. We got a, got a, an American record for the women in the four by four. Right. We got a, an Olympic record from the men's in the four by four track and field a they did their thing. Messiah Russell showed her first her first Olympics. And she gets the gold medal in the hundred, in the hundred in the hundred meter hurdles. Yeah. We get bronze silver in the 200 meter. We get the gold Q Quincy Hall gets the gold and the, and and finally we back on top of the platform first time since 2008 with Lash Merritt.


But prior to that OCHO we had gone from, from 84 all the way to 2008. Right. American man had stood ATO the podium in the 400 meters from neighbors back in 84 and just run the game. Steve Lewis, I think Steve Lewis might've been like 19 or 20 when he actually won and, and sold. And then you had Quincy and then you had obviously Michael Johnson and then you had Jeremy Warner, you had LaShawn Merrit. And then we had a little law. We had a little, we had a little lu a Every A lu. Yeah. A love. We had a little lu, but I think we back now and so that was good to see us back on top of the platform. But I'm looking at this game with y'all. I was watching this game. I was like, really? Really? Yeah, it was, it was close. But you see what happens.


That three point shot Ocho Yeah. And the Americans got, I mean, got some great looks. It wasn't like they didn't have great looks. They had great looks and the ball damned near down. But you know, like I used to tell the rem when I shot that thing, 'cause my shot was pure ocho, I said, I tell the all the time Ocho, I said, if you don't like it, spit it out. You could Show stand that what I told real if that thing, I wouldn't even count it. If it didn't hit your pure net, I wouldn't even count it. I say I don't even want it ref wave It off. Right, right, right, right. Wave It off. If it ain't hit pure net, I don't even want to count. Right. Okay. But, but they had to dig for that one on ocho. They really had to dig down for this one. Gabby Williams, she was sensational for the, the French team, the Prince team.


She had 19 points keeping 'em close. She hit a a a Rainbow three. A Steph Curry three. Yeah. She hit a Steph Curry three ocho. But she was playing. But in the second half, Asia Wilson took it over. She did what a what you expect Asia Wilson to do? Naia Collier Big rebounding on the glass. But it was the two guards. Kelsey Plum and Khal Cooper. Khalia Cooper. Yeah. Khal Cooper went because Jackie had foul out. Jackie was, you know, it was, I guard kind of struggle witness, you know, Jackie Young played really well except the last game. But Chelsea Gray struggled. DT struggled a struggle, but Anco came in, gave him quality minutes.


Khalia Cooper, Kelsey Plum was tremendous. Yeah. Was tremendous. Our guards played really, really well. Really? But, and I'm, I'm not so sure we were thinking going in. Right. Those were the guards that we're gonna be able to be counting on. Right. But give the, give the team credit, man. Cheryl Reeve was about to be under some head cri heavy criticism. Has she not won this game? Yeah. I I'm You don't, you don't wanna be the ones Oh, oh, so this the longest No, you don't wanna be the one to lose. You don't wanna be the one that where, that the, the, to, to snap that streak of 60 No. At where it ends at 60 wins. You don't, you don't wanna be that one. Yeah. Yeah. I mean that's the longest team streak in Olympics history where you won eight consecutive goals.


So you didn't wanna be the one That's crazy. You didn't wanna be the one to end that street. Oh, that's crazy. So, so with that being said, they did, they did what they needed to get done. They had to dig down and they had to dig down. But I think a lot of these characters, I think Asia will be back. Brianna Stewart will be back. I think some of these, obviously dts gonna be long gone in 28. She won't be back. Right. You know, you have a little influx. I, I'm, I'm expecting Caitlyn Clark, I'm expecting Angel Reese. Reese to be on this team in 2020. In 2028. Right. But a lot, some of these, some of these guards will be back. You, I can see a situation where Kelsey Plum and Anes cool. And Jackie Young and some of these bg.


I, I don't know. I don't think bgs gonna be around. bgs probably been in the league, what, 13, 14 years. So BG probably be Brittany Round or BG probably be long gone by then. The the, the world's coming Ocho. Yeah. I mean e eventually it's gonna happen. Yeah. They catch up Eventually it's gonna happen. Ocho Yeah. I mean, Edwin Moses won 122 straight races from that. From what? I think he went from what, 76, 77 until 1988. Yeah. Carl Lewis had a 65 consecutive, a long jump record. It's gonna come to an end ocho. Yeah, it's Definitely, It's what it is. We don't want it to, we don't want it to Look at the ucon.


How many games did they win? Consecutive, all those championship. It's gonna come to an end. Yeah. Yeah. The, even the listen, the playing field evens at some point. Yeah. The playing field evens at some at some point. Yeah. Hey, in 28, When when is it gonna happen though? Juju, Paige, buck, Beck's. Woo. Oh, we, oh, we got some, we got some, we got some go getters coming. We we gonna be loaded now. We gonna be loaded. We are. Hey Miss Gabby, miss Ga, miss Gabby Williams. She, where's she, she, where does she play? She's frowned. I I think her dad's French or somebody's in her family's French. But she, didn't she go to, didn't she go to Connecticut?


Where she play? Who, who's at, at Ash Where she play at right now? She at the WNBA. Yeah, she went to Yukon. But I'm saying I think her dad, somebody got a a, a a because you know, like if, if your, if your parents have nationally, you know, it's like Mondo es you know, he's, he, he pole vault for Sweden. But you know, he was born here. He went to LSU, but a lot. But a lot of times a lot of foreign athletes, they come go to school here, get great coaching here, and then go back and represent their country. I don't have a problem with that. Countries. Yeah. Her mother's French, Not at all.


Yeah. But I, I knew, I knew it was one of the parents and, and so that's why she's able to compete. And a lot of times, oh, show hell, I can't make the, i, I wanna play in the Olympics. I ain't gonna be on the American team, but hell, I go play my mother, my father got N France, you know, got a passport of citizenship somewhere. Hell, I go Nigeria. Cameroon. So, hey, I, I'm playing. Damn y'all, y'all play with y'all. Hey. And she, she showed out this a two nine? Yeah. Oh, she, oh, she was unbelievable. She showed out. She was a phenomenal player, but, but the men and the women, they did what they needed to do. Yeah. Both of had to beat French, beat the French team on, on, on home soil, which is no easy task because you know, that crowd was into it, but it took a hercule effort from Steph Curry yesterday.


In the last two minutes. Steph Curry is just letting bomb after bomb after bomb. And then that last one, I'm like, bro, why you, oh, that's step shooting. Good job, Steph. That's what I'm talking about, Steph. That wouldn't let it fly. Hold On. Matter of fact, the one you talking about, we shot over two people. Yeah. Did you see, you saw everybody open up, the two people open on the arch? Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. KD and Lebron Lebron, like, Lebron Open on the arch. Hey, hey, boy, that was, that was, that was, it was a funny picture. That's a funny picture going around. No, In that situation, there are not very many people in the history of the game that can take more shots from that kind of distance. You know, you looking at he and Dame Lillard, you talking about guys that can shoot the ball from 30 plus feet out and you're like, bro, no, no son, no good job, son.


That's what I'm talking about. Right? That's what I'm talking about right now. Ocho you know, one of one of those situations, Steph Curry man, and Steph, I mean, if you go back and look at Ocho, his first four games, he was averaging less than four point less than eight points a game. Yeah. But when they Go Kick in, when they needed it against this French team, big shot after big shot after big mate, big shot. And hell, most of his points, most of his points were, were threes. Yeah. I think he, what he made eight, 16 or 17 threes in the last two games because I think he was nine or 14. And then I think he was like eight of 16, but most of his points came on the three point shot. And they needed every last one of 'em because the free of the team wasn't going away.


It was like every time they, you know, the US get a lead, you know, they marched out to like a 14 point lead. They whittled that thing down all the way to six, cut it down to four. But when they needed to get a bucket, hey, Lebron found him. Steph started dancing, Hey, shall I dance my damn, you may. And he started dancing between his legs and behind his back and then bam, and then bam, letting it real. And that, that, that's gotta be so frustrating, bro. Hey, gotta be, Hey, it gotta be demoralizing. Yes. Especially for the French team. Yes. Especially for them. Yes. I'm looking at coach, coach like, Hey son, you gotta play coach. What you want me to do? You see that man, that man's 35 foot out there and he dancing behind his back between his leg, behind his back again between his leg again.


And nothing you can do and heav it up. Ain't nothing you could do. That's one of, that's one of the moments. May you just, you just throw your hand up. Yeah. Ain't no answer for that. You know what, there's certain things we have an answer for and there's some things there is no answer to. No. You just gotta deal with it. Yeah. You just troubleshoot it in the meantime because you can't solve that problem. No. Absolute. You know, you just trying to have a temporary fix because you already know what's gonna happen. Yeah. If anything, what you can do is try to make it as difficult as possible. Make it as difficult as possible. Yes. And that's exactly what they did. And he still hit the shots. You pushing the ocho you pushing the man out 33 feet. Yeah. But here's the thing. And you had, you ran two guys at him. He hit a shot over two over two guys.


Yep. Didn't matter. Yes. And then at the night, night, nothing. Nothing. Put him to sleep, baby. Yes. Put him to sleep. Yeah. There, there's nothing you can do with that. It's just like anything, Hey, the quarterback makes a great throw, the receiver makes a great catch. Hey, Great Catch coach up. Hey, ball Placement. Yeah. You Can't, we can't do anything like that. But congratulations to all our Olympians. We're proud of you. I know under, I understand that everybody wanted to go out there. And. if you gave your absolute best, that's all you could ask for you. That's all you could ask for. Because everybody thinks they're gonna all 10,000 athletes that showed up like, Hey, I got a chance to win the gold medal.


I could. I, I won a medal. I wanna get on the, I wanna get on the podium. And if I don't win gold, I wanna win silver. If I don't win silver, I wanna get bronze. But, you know, sometimes I wanna leave it, I wanna leave it with something. And I ain't talking about no damn souvenir that I got up from the shop around the corner. But Right. If you, let's just say for the sake of argument, Ocho, if I pr and I don't make the podium, how can I be mad? Just I, you got happy. I mean, I pr the personal best and I mean, so, so what, what, what, what am I supposed to do? Yep. And that's, that's your starting point right there. Yes. And proven from that point on and getting better. IPI prd, but they set an Olympic record. So what you want me to do about that?


You know how long the Olympic's been going on? 8 18 96, we in, we had 2024 and they just did something. Ain't nobody else in the history of the Olympics doing okay. Right? But congratulations all Olympians, we're really proud of you. Appreciate the dedication and the hard work. And I know a lot of times, Ocho, it comes down, you put all that hard work into it, right? And, if you are a sprinter, sometimes it comes down to nine seconds. Sometimes it comes down. If you a 400 meter to 40 plus seconds. Yeah. Or even the longest distance a marathon, you trade a lifetime for a little bit over two hours. And that's what it comes down to.


Half goes out to the Dutch run of Saan, her son, she bronze medal in the 5,000 she bronze medal in the two 10,000. And she won Olympic gold in the marathon Ocho. She ran 38 miles in a span of about six, what? Six or seven days Ash last year. She won the last Olympics in Tokyo. She won gold in the 5,000 gold in the 10,000. And I think she got a bronze in the 1500. In the 15. This time she got 1500 or 15,000, 1500 meters. 1500. Okay. Okay. It's 10. They go, women go 1,505 and, and 10. And then you got the steeple chase.


But congratulations to her con very, very proud. She did. Very few women, very few people would even attempt that. Mm. Remember you gotta go back to the great Emil Zap and 52 when the 5,000, 10,000, and he won 5,000, 10,000 and he won the marathon. He won it. Well, that's a lot of running. What? That's a whole lot of running. What? Listen, listen. With very little time to recover in between, ain't No really no car me. Think about it. Chapter guy won the 5,000 and he is like, nah, there ain't enough time for me to get ready for the 10,000. Right? So he, he withdrew. Not only did Hassan, not only did she win bronze in the 5,000, she, Charlie came back and challenged in the 10,000 and won bronze in that.


That's crazy. I mean, Beatrice Chebe won the gold. I mean, she's the world record holder, so there's no surprise that she didn't win that. Right. But then to turn around and flip it around into win the marathon. So congratulations to her and her team for doing what they did. That was an unbelievable Amman kli beat Chinese woman in boxing Final. So all y'all Americans who that disrespected her apologized because she saved us from losing to China and the gold medal. But you know what the, some people, I mean, sometimes, you know, you people are root because it's against them. They'll root against their own because it's against their interest. You See?


Oh, she did. I like, is she that? And she did. The woman has identified her whole life As a woman, as A woman. I mean, as loud as you tried to ridicule and shame her. That same, I need that same voice in the same Octa, Same energy. I'm Wrong. See the politic never as loud as the disrespect. No, Never. She would've damages done that too. Now for sure. Damage is done now for sure. As is eating guys, it's been a busy day for OCHO and I, it's been a ocho and I, it's been a tough day for OCHO and I, we had a commercial shoot that ocho we and I ocho and I had to shoot.


And they was like, well, we got a couple more scenes, And, we got about 30 minutes. I said, no, you don't. I said, no, you don't. I said, you got 15 minutes. I don't care how many more scenes you got, how many more scenes you got? You got 15 minutes. Right? Because I'm outta here One playing man. Hey. And they, they got it together quick. Every, everything. For some reason, everything started to speed up a little bit more little, little bit more proactive in, in, in getting it done, you know, fast. I say theoretically, I started 15 minutes early, so I should be done right now. Right? But I'm a, I'm trying to work on my patience. I'm gonna give you 15 more minutes, right? But after that, whatever y'all ain't got, it won't be, it won't.


They don't have to do without it. They're gonna have to do without it. Absolutely. Absolutely New from embedded. Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics. But it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man? Hear about the long history of sex testing women athletes on tested a new series from CBC and NPRs embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal.


Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news previews, recaps and analysis delivered straight to your podcast feed by the time you get your coffee. No dumb hot takes here. Just smart hot takes. We'll talk every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in the big guns from NFL Media. That's Patrick Klaban, Steve Weiss, Nick Shook, Jordan R from the Athletic, and of course Colleen Wolf. This is their window right now. This is their Super Bowl window. Why would they trade him away? Because he would be a pivotal part of them winning that Super Bowl. I don't know why. Colleen, catch the podcast, the NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal every day.


Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. And who doesn't want that? Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete, or how the best in sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League one Volleyball's podcast, serving pancakes, a new show by iHeart Women's Sports. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about volleyball and beyond. Learn what it takes to be the best in the sport and what it takes to stand on the podium from top athletes and figureheads in sports.


Every week I'll dig into the perspectives from some of the best athletes in the world, like with Olympic gold medalist, Justine Wong. I will say my journey has not been easy like whatsoever. I've, I've been cut from teams, I've made teams, I've been the starter. I've been a non-starter. And so for me to like say that I made the Olympics, like I immediately started crying And give insights and behind the scenes stories from the people who are making the biggest impacts on global volleyball and women's sports. From the likes of three time Olympic medalist Jordan Larson, I'm finding little ways to like do things differently. And now it's more of how can I help the next generation? You'll Also learn about their other dream jobs if they weren't playing on the biggest stage, like from Olympian Lauren Carlini.


I'm thinking about Starting a dog walking business, putting that out there for anyone's dogs who need to be walked or watched or fed Or played with. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, I'm Jay Shetty and I'm the host of the On Purpose Podcast. Through sharing insightful stories and experiences on purpose aims to inspire growth, connection, and a deeper understanding of ourselves and others. This week I got the opportunity to interview Fat Joe. Fat Joe shares his life journey from the streets to stardom, the challenges he faced, the losses he endured, and his unwavering commitment to helping others and staying true to his values.


You know, when you die, nobody cares what car you drive. Nobody cares what clothes you have. What they want to know is what did you do for the people? You know, we happy for you. You're successful, you're living a great life, but what did you do? How did you come back and give to the community? How did you come and change lives? How did you mentor people? Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't wanna miss this one. Our iHeartRadio music Festival presented by Capital One, coming back to Las Vegas, September 20th and 21st. Streaming live only On Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Coveo, Doja Cat, Gwen Stefani, cozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the block, Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows, Thomas Rett, Victoria Monet, add more, get Tickets to our 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One right now before they Sell out@ax.com.


That's what Ocho and I did. We raced back here to bring you guys the, the, the closing ceremony, not only for the Olympics, but on ours. Covering that. I really like this Ocho I re I really like covering the Olympics. Yeah. Hopefully we can do this for the World Championships next year in Tokyo, because I think, I think people really like that, really get, and and I think we need to bring attention to it. We need to bring, yeah, that track and field is just not an Olympic Olympic year event every four years. Yeah, I mean it happens. I mean, I, it's tough OCHO because I mean, I'm glad they got the world championship. So we had the Olympics, we got the worlds, and then, you know, right in 26 is an off year. It's the only thing you'll have is the nationals, US nationals.


Yeah. And then in 27 you got the worlds, which leads into the Olympics in 28. So Olympics, our job is to, I I Think it's also, go ahead. I, I think also it's a, it is a good thing for those that are running the exposure for sure. We were able to give them the exposure, being able to tell their stories, talk about the races, talk about the way they prepare some of the things they like to do outside of running. And it was enjoyable. It was enjoy for enjoyable for me because thinking as much as training that goes into being an Olympian or being a track run in general, man, do y'all have a lot a life outside of that? So it was really interesting hearing some of the things that they, they go through some of the pressures that they have to deal with when it comes to running, especially representing your country at the Olympics.


So that, that was, that was really dope. That was really, really dope. You see, it is, it is Ocho I think the thing is, is that the fun is what you have with, I mean obviously you do it. I mean, you don't run just like, man, I hate running and be great at it. But I think if that, when you gotta love it is when all that hard work that you put in and you see a plan come together, I mean, you see, see it, you, so in order for her to do what she's doing, you know, the type of, first of all, if you run, you know how hard it is to run. Oh yeah. So just imagine running the, the training that she has to do just to get to the level in which she's got.


Yeah. Now she says, if that's not good enough, I wanna be transcendent. I want people to remember me. Like you guys talk about Flo Joe, like they're gonna be talking about Usain Bolt a hundred years from now. That's how she wants to be remembered. Yeah. I mean, she's on the right Track. Oh man, man, she, She, she's, she's on the right track. It was tough. Special guys. I wish, excuse me. I wish we could have brought you more people, but it's so tough for us. You know, they, we had to get up a lot of times to, to shoot Justin. Justin Galer was the only one that really shot an actual time. And, and, and q because it was like 1 12, 1 o'clock in the morning and they agreed morning we shot Gabby.


It was real early, it was late. It was an afternoon for her, but it was really, really early for us. Yeah. And so hopefully in the future, Tokyo's going kind of be the same thing, but we'll do a better job of trying to put it together where we, where we can make sure we have athletes. It's like, okay guys, you know, I understand that you have an obligation with NBC, but once you fulfill those obligations, you know, come on and talk to the group at, at, at Nightcap. Hey Rod, you were supposed to come on. So I'm withholding your prize money until you agree to come on Nightcap. So Rod Benjamin, I know you're gonna see this 'cause you watch Nightcap. I know you do.


So until you come on Nightcap your prize, you will not be receiving your prize money. So I wish it was something I can tell you or it is something I can tell you. Come on Nightcap. So you can get your prize money. There it is. So, but again, congratulations to all the athletes, all the coaches, all the families. Because this is just not an individual effort. This is a joint effort. Effort. Yeah. All of America is, is is thanking you for your, for what you've been able to do. The US Olympic Committee have, are now filing an appeal in court that resulted joint child being asked to return her bronze medals. She won on the floor exercise of the court sports voided the floor appeal by childs coaches that voted her to third saying the pill came four seconds.


Really? Ocho Really? Is that what we doing? Four seconds? The mere fact that y'all said it took four seconds. So we nitpicking, I Can see if it ocho if they'd have said four minutes ocho. I was like, well that's well beyond the time. But y'all talking about four seconds. Really? Really? Now come on now. Is that what we doing? Because we're on. And the term that you, you hear a lot OCHO is that we're gonna operate in good faith. Mm. I like that. We're Operating in good faith here. Really? Four seconds. Oh, Four seconds. That's the best they could come up with. But, but I'm saying they said that there's video evidence that's showing No, we turned it in within the time.


Right. They said four seconds the US officials are saying no, we got it till you in time. Right. But listen, if if listen, if I was Ms Child, I would've, you know, y'all didn't, I'm gone the moment I heard aids the moment I heard it. Listen, I would've, I would've, I would've told him that. Y'all get it back in blood then You want this, you want this bronze that I earned. Get it back in blood. Come on down here to the states. I'ma give you my, i'ma give you my address too if you want that bad four seconds. Yeah. But the timestamp video evidence submitted by the US gymnastic shows that Landy first stated her request to file an incur inquiry, excuse me, at the inquiry table at 47 seconds after the score was posted, followed by a second statement 55 seconds after the score was originally posted.


Right. So 13 seconds before and five seconds before so dispute could, you know, month or year? It could be. 'cause sometimes, you know, they have these doping scandals OCHO and people wait 2, 3, 4 years in order to get their medal. But at that point, I mean look, I want the medal, but you've robbed me of an opportunity to stand on the podium. Right. You robbed me if they, if somebody gets, if I get the silver and somebody has done something and, and all of a sudden you promote me to gold, I don't get to hear my national anthem. Yeah. I don't get Yeah, that's just a footnote. Footnote. Yeah. Ochocinco Upco was awarded the gold medal in 1988 due to a such and such by this athlete.


Right. No, but I ain't give my medal back. Oh yeah. Oh. I ain't the champ no more. That ain't wasn't the gold medal that's hanging up in on my manst saying my Room. Yeah, man. And I definitely, you know, once I get back to the States, you know I'm gonna get it. I'm gonna get it put in the frame now. I don't care. I don't care what your judgment might be. I don't care what you say over there. Y'all better make another bronze. 'cause this one ain't leaving the house. After competing in his fourth Olympics and winning his third gold medal, Lebron could be finished playing for team USA. He indicated that Saturday's final against France could have been his last time playing an Olympics. Could, Could, Could.


I can't see myself playing in La Lebron said it would be 43 by that by the time rolls around. That's fine. That's fine. Because you gotta think the way, the way Lebron takes care of his body, his diet, the team of people that he has around him that's allowed him to play this long. Yeah. Listen, You, you listen, you, you come off the bench right. You ain't, you you, you ain't gotta be the head man. You come off the bench shit. KD too talk about he don't know he's undecided man. You playing, you playing, you playing. I know, I know you playing. Yeah, I know you playing. I know, I know. The fact that it's in LA, the fact that it's stateside. You don't have to worry about traveling, you don't have to worry About sleep, your own bed, all this stuff.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Man, you right in your backyard. Yeah. You playing. Yeah, I know you playing. I know you wanna keep everybody waiting and tell people you undecided and you not sure how you gonna be feeling and child please. I can tell you what you're gonna do. Simply 'cause it's in a Yeah. Since y'all wanted all these, y'all wanna do something, what y'all gonna do about Coco gra getting robbed when that ball, what y'all gonna do about that? Yeah. When the man said, I know, but ain't nothing I can do about it now. Yeah, it is. What y'all gonna do about that? Y'all always looking at it. We, we just trying to do the right thing here. What y'all didn't do the right thing then, You know they gonna pick and choose now. Boy, they, they pick and choose to do the right thing against America.


You know, they, they gonna, you know, they gonna pick and choose now. But look, I don't look if this was the last time we seen Lebron stiff K On the court together, what a way to go out. Yeah. Beautiful Way. What a way to go out. And you can't be bad. You can't be bad. I mean, to actually see them in meaningful competition, the all star all star game is nice. We've seen Lebron and KD play together. They they be out there playing around though. Yeah. But we talking about actually competing and taking it Serious. Yes, yes. Yeah. That, that was, that was beautiful. Yeah. And the, the way they, the way it ended though, it wasn't a blowout.


Right. You know, it was a nail body. It was close. If you was on your couch, it was on the edge of your couch. If you was in the seat, you was on the edge of your seat. That made it that much better, especially to win the gold. Yeah. It was following Saturday. Saturday night's gold medal game victory. A video has gone viral of the Curry family having an encounter last night with the French police, Aisha, which is Steph's wife. It was in tears. Sonya, which is his mom was heated and Draymond could be heard in the video saying something about the baby being hit in the head. News reports are saying Sonya and Aisha tried to cross the street and were withheld from doing so, which caused all the commotion. Apparently president of French President Emmanuel Macaron was about to pass through the street beyond which Aisha and Sonya's car was parked and was, and the driver was waiting for them for security reasons.


Oh, okay. No one was allowed to cross the street before the president passed. Okay. Now it's starting to make some sense. I thought it Was that makes Sense. Oh no, y'all can't pass. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. One, one thing, regardless to where you are diploma understand how it is when, when a president, man, they don't, they don't play that They shut. I don't know, have you ever been In the They Don't. When the president come to town, If the president coming into town, I know not to leave a house. Thank you. I know not to leave a house. I'm not going nowhere. I ain't never seen nothing like that, bro. I see it on TV and I know I don't want to be no part of that. If y'all lived in Atlanta and y'all know what it's like when the president, when President Obama came to town, y'all know, it was like when President Biden come to town, they Yeah.


Traffic already terrible in Atlanta. And anybody that lives in Atlanta or visited Atlanta can tell you about the traffic. Now magnify that times five because they got all the streets blocked off. I'm like, he's not gonna even be over here. Why the hell you got him blocked off that joke? Oh, that joke 20 miles away and you got this blocked off. They don't play, man. But I live right down there. Well, I'm Mr. Hell, sorry, I'm going home And, and you see the extreme they go to for, for for motorcade. Yeah. That's why I'm Yeah, I I don't mean to bring that up. That's why that that incident that happened not too long ago. Yeah. Not too long. You know what I'm talking about with the ear?


Yeah. That's why that was so unbelievable. Yeah. Come On now. Yeah. But, but I, I, I understand. Look, I understand. I didn't, like I said, when I saw it, I was like, well, what was going on? And now this makes a little bit more sense why they would've been held up and not allowed the truck cross the street because you're talking about the highest ranking dignitary inference. You know what I'm saying? So If, if, if, if the, if the baby was hit, I Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Now they ain't got no hit. No baby. I would hope they, they, somebody apologized. You know, because I'm, I'm sure it wasn't the intent could Intentional not, and me with them, because I'm in jail.


What? In jail over there? Yeah. Oh. Passed. You hit my child, you hit my child in the head, somebody threw something. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, for sure. I'm in jail. But I'll beat hell out of somebody though. Yeah. I'm in jail here in the hospital. Two people in the hospital for sure. Yeah. Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah, absolutely. You right. And You see that little thing about, you see the little baby, I mean, did she just had the baby? I think Canon can't be no more than about five. Wait, the newborn probably like four, five months. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It was born in May, The July The picture Oh three. Oh yeah, yeah. Yeah. I gotta have Somebody gotta get it. I gotta have somebody have pay a whole bunch.


Y'all don't, I don't want no great. I don't want no concerns. Somebody gotta to pay for that Something, huh? For sure. But you know, when just, you know, it's different than being here in the States. One thing about getting in trouble over there, anywhere across that water, I don't even know how that prison system work. I don't even know how that jail system work. When you go, when you go to jail over there, they let you out when they want to. Guess What? I'm a parent. Whether I'm in Paris, whether I'm in la Right. Whether I'm in Vegas. Yeah. Whether I'm in Atlanta. Yeah. I don't give a damn where I'm at. Everything stand no matter where you at. Boy, look here, I tell you what, if you take any animal and they have a child, you could have 'em in the zoo or you could take a lion and pat him in the Serengeti.


Or you can have a polar bear Antarctica. Yeah. What you think would happen if you try to bother that, bother that that baby Same, same, same thing every Time. Stand on that. Like I said, every time, I'm sorry, I don't know. They probably didn't really know who they were. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not that naive. Sometimes we all have a, an inflated sense of ego and that everybody knows who we are. I'm not so sure that everybody knows that that's Steph Curry's wife and that's Steph Curry's mom. But I'm, I'm assuming that they didn't, and they probably didn't get an opportunity because I don't know how well the people that the, the, the, the police or security, whomever they were that was directing traffic that was spoke English.


That's not a prerequisite. I mean, people on the LA PD or Atlanta pd, they're, they're not required to speak a foreign language. You don't have know French, you don't know how, you know Spanish or whatever the Portuguese or whatever the case may be. Right. So All I'm saying is that, you know, IIII I'm just going by what the report said and what's being reported. This makes a little more sense. Or why they weren't allowed to cross the street when they wanted to cross the street. This makes sense. Ocho this makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. Most, most definitely. Most definitely. Most definitely. But still, you hit that baby in the head if that's what True. Yeah. You got, you got, you got.


Listen, I'm, I'm, there's certain things you can crash out about. Right. And there's certain things you gotta, you gotta think twice about. But I'm anything gotta do with a kid, anything gotta do with 'em. Kids shoot. But normally You Damn you damn, you damn. They gotta move like King Vaughn. Yeah. But I think the thing is Ocho is that I'm surprised, I don't know if they didn't have security with them. I'm surprised they didn't have security with them. You know, I'm sure they did. Oh, oh, always. E especially with the family when it comes to the family members, especially if Steph is not with him, I'm sure security is always appointed. I'm That that's what I'm saying. I'm, because I know Lebron, I'm sure I already know Lebron, you don't see Lebron. Savannah ain't moving, especially overseas. She ain't moving without the Security. Right, right, right, right, right, right. And so, you know, that's, I didn't see security.


I didn't know Joe. Now I'm not saying, oh no, maybe they were, oh, I didn't Clothes Or so didn't stick out. But I'm just saying, it just seems to me that security could have handled that situation. Diffuse that situation a lot because, you know, you, we can have a a, a civil conversation because at that point in time everybody's agitated. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Police try. Y'all tried to show us up come America, because, you know, already think, they already think Americans are unruly when they come to Yeah. When they go to a foreign country. So they already feel some type of way. Now people know how in states when you come here and police always think it's, you know, so we like, no, we gonna shut this down. Such and such is coming by. We'll let you go through. Right, right. So like I said, this makes a little more sense.


That's all I'm saying. I I don't know if that's true, but what's being reported. If that's true, that the president was coming through macaron, if he was coming through, yeah. You gonna stop it because if you were in the US and president, if President Biden or Madam VP Kamala Harris, or Yeah, I hope you, I hope you endorsed. I Don't want, I don't want none of that. So when they come through, they come through And, and sometimes you, you just never know. Hell, you could have been in, if you, in Portugal and Christiana Ronaldo coming through, they shutting down traffic. If you in Argentina and mess goes through, they shutting down Traffic, they shutting down traffic. Yeah. It's the same thing when you see Lebron them and they holding up state like, bro, I'm trying to go right over there.


Well, was somebody coming through? Oh, how Queen? Oh, just, just, just a second. So yeah, so I, I didn't see, I didn't, I didn't see, I did not see security with the Mocho. That didn't mean they didn't have them. And maybe in certain situations because, excuse me, the way that Steph's mom, Sonya was pointing that they would just try to go like a short distance. Right. But the distance required them to cross the street. Street. That's what I mean. One, I mean, something was reported about that was being heckled and somebody said this and blah, blah, blah. I, I don't really know.


I I don't really know what, but this does make a little bit more sense that the French president was coming through, they held up traffic so he could go through and then hopefully everybody, little bruised, egos a little, you know, I think, but everybody, I I think everybody was able to make the best, make the best of a bad situation and move on. Quincy, Quincy Wilson summed up his winning Olympic gold medal at being 16 years old in one perfect tweet. He said he's just 16 years old, made history as the youngest man in track and field athlete in US Olympic history. He ended up winning gold by competing in the heat of the four by four. Even ran, even, even though he wasn't on the squad that ran the final, but the kid had a reality check and wrote, dang, I really got school in two and a half weeks.


But you should have saw the comments on top of that. Boy, it was so funny, man. Somebody, I remember somebody tweeted shit, if I didn't wanna go, I would've dropped out, man. I was, if you read the, if you read the comments, I was in tears. I'm talking about in tears, laughing 'cause people so god damn funny man. Yeah, yeah. It's about, can you imagine, can you imagine having to line up back in high school and run track against somebody that just won gold medal at the Olympics? Yeah. Oh, them people on Twitter? Man, I'm about funny. Hey. Oh, it was so funny. I know my grandmother said, yeah, I know you want to go, but you taking your ass to school next week. I already know what Mary Porter's gonna say. Ain't Got do. Hey, don't think you gonna miss a day.


You ain't gonna Ms. Day Day. Mary Porter said, you get your ass up outta here. You going to school, you gonna catch that? Hey, that's, Hey, that dog, that's dog. They had that they had me in tears, man. New from embedded. Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics. But it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man? Hear about the long history of sex testing women athletes on tested a new series from CBC and NPRs embedded podcast.


Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week you'll get all the latest news previews, recaps and analysis delivered straight to your podcast feed by the time you get your coffee. No dumb hot takes here. Just smart hot takes. We'll talk every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in the big guns from NFL Media. That's Patrick Clayban, Steve Weiss, Nick Shook, Jordan R from the Athletic, and of course Colleen Wolf. This is their window right now. This is their Super Bowl window. Why would they trade him away?


Because he would be a pivotal part of them winning that Super Bowl. I don't know why. Colleen, catch the podcast, the NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal every day. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. And who doesn't want that? Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete, or how the best in sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League one Volleyball's podcast, serving pancakes, a new show by iHeart Women's Sports.


Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about volleyball and beyond. Learn what it takes to be the best in the sport and what it takes to stand on the podium from top athletes and figureheads in sports. Every week I'll dig into the perspectives from some of the best athletes in the world, like with Olympic gold medalist, Justine Wong. I will say my journey has not been easy like whatsoever. I've, I've been cut from teams, I've made teams, I've been the starter. I've been a non-starter. And so for me to like say that I made the Olympics, like I immediately started crying And give insights and behind the scenes stories from the people who are making the biggest impacts on global volleyball and women's sports.


From the likes of three time Olympic medalists, Jordan Larson, I'm finding little ways to like do things differently. And now it's more of how can I help the next generation? You'll also learn about their other dream jobs if they weren't playing on the biggest stage, like from Olympian Lauren Carlini. I'm thinking about starting a dog walking business, putting that out there for anyone's dogs who need to be walked or watched or fed or played With. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, I'm Jay Sheddy and I'm the host of the On Purpose Podcast. Through sharing insightful stories and experiences on purpose aims to inspire growth, connection, and a deeper understanding of ourselves and others.


This week I got the opportunity to interview Fat Joe. Fat Joe shares his life journey from the streets to stardom, the challenges he faced, the losses he endured, and his unwavering commitment to helping others and staying true to his values. You know, when you die, nobody cares what car you drive. Nobody cares what clothes you had. What they want to know is what did you do for the people you know, we happy for you. You're successful, you living a great life, but what did you do? How did you come back and give to the community? How did you come and change lives? How did you mentor people? Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Trust me, you won't wanna miss this one. Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One, coming back to Las Vegas, September 20th and 21st. Streaming live only On Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Coveo, Doja Cat, Gwen Stefani, cozier, Keith Urban. New Kids on the block. Paramore Shi Boozy, the Black Crows, Thomas rtt, Victoria. Monet and more Get tickets to our 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One right now before they Sell out@axs.com. Ocho you remember yesterday?


Yeah, we had an interview with Nija And. we had some technical difficulties. Yeah. So today guys, we're gonna play our interview with skateboard Legend Street Skateboard, Nyjah Houston. Here's the interview. Enjoy. Oh, joy, I told you we were gonna have a very, very special guest. The last couple days since we've been doing the Olympics. We had a couple of Olympians on current and former. We've had Michael Johnson, we've had Justin Gatlin, we've had Gabby Thomas, we've had Bobby Finks. Now, when it comes to men skateboarding, there's no one more accomplished than this gentleman that's we're about to sit down and have a conversation with now. Yes, sir. He's from Davis, California. He is named, you talk about World Championships, you're talking about X game when it comes to men's skateboarding, he is the def facto guy.


He has his own Nike skateboarding shoe and here he is, ladies and gentlemen. Nyjah Houston. How you doing? Nigel? Doing good boys? Doing good. And so Go ahead, Ojo. No, I just, I just wanna say what's up man. Listen, you've been a huge inspiration man. For, for me, someone who used to skateboard. There are a few clips out there of, of me falling and then busting and busting my ass. Yes. But man, you, you one of the greats, man. And and it's, it is a pleasure. It's a, it's a pleasure to have you on And I appreciate that. Good to be here, good to be on here. And man, I love, I love hearing from, you know, fellow athletes that you wouldn't expect to have skated before, say it really, it really been on the boot board before and like skateboarding.


Nigel, are you back stateside now or are you still in Paris? Yeah, yeah, I'm over here at my house in Laguna Beach right now. Oh, okay, okay. Yeah. Nigel, you, you wrote something on your IG post, you said, damn, the past couple of days have been tough since I got home. It's taken everything in me to get out of bed and start living again. I didn't go into Paris with expectation, just wanted to go out there, land some tricks and enjoy the moment. But after being in position with a good shot at winning and pulling, not pulling through f it hurts in that moment. I wanted to bring home that goal for us so bad. More than anything I've ever wanted in my life. It felt like a once in a lifetime opportunity. And I think that's just a part of what really makes it hard to let go of.


At times when I feel down and depressed over something like this, I feel that it's wrong. It's, it's, it's wrong because I know I have so much life in me to be happy and thankful for. I'm in good health. I'm having ama, I have amazing family and friends who are always there for me. And it gets it. I get to make a living of doing things that I love most, which is such a huge blessing. You said you were in position, your first two rounds flawless. You land some huge tricks, you are in the moment, and at that moment, tell us what's going through your mind. You got one more run to make. You're you, you're right. Now you're in gold medal position. You just got one, one more round, one round to go.


What, what's going through your mind at that moment? And did the pressure, did you start to tense up? Did you start to feel the Pressure? I mean, I like to say that, I'm sure you guys feel this too, is like, anytime someone is very competitive and you care, you're gonna get nerve, you're gonna, you gotta feel the pressure. Yes. You know, that's just a part of caring about what we do and having that passion for what we do. So yeah, I mean I definitely felt the nerves out there, but I feel like I was handling it pretty well. Qualifiers went smoothly. First run in the finals, I landed my last fixed sketchy, which really bummed me out because I got 87. If I would've landed it clean, I would've got a 90. So the second run, I definitely had the pressure on me was able to pull through.


And then when it comes down to the trick section, it's, I mean, it's, I like to say that you go out there with, with confidence, but you can't ever go out there expecting to land these tricks every single try because the stuff we're doing is just too technical and too difficult. And like so many things need to go right every time to land them every try. But it, it was, it was going really good for me. I was in a good spot. I landed my first trick. I landed my second trick, which got a little bit of a low score because I also landed at a little bit sketchy. You could see that my, like back foot was hanging off the board a little bit, but I still got a 93 for that one.


So that was solid. And then that last trick, man, I was going for, it's called a switch heel, cricket grind down the hubba. Hubba is a down down ledge. And it's a trick that I've been looking forward to trying ever since I saw the design of the course a few weeks prior. Okay. Check. I've been practicing a lot lately throughout the past couple years. And man, I felt, I felt really confident going into it. The first one didn't go so well. Second one got a little closer. And then when I got down to the third one, I, that's when I got bumped down from being in first to second, then to third. And honestly, I, I think back on it and when I was dropping in, I got my, my headphones in.


I like listening to house music. So good vibes got the hype going. I felt, I felt good, man. I felt really confident dropping into it. I felt like the energy was right. I didn't feel my leg shaking or anything like that. So it's hard to really pinpoint exactly what goes wrong in those situations, to not be able to put down the trick. But man, really, you, you, you can't, you can't think back on it too hard or it'll just torture yourself because like I said, the stuff we do on the skateboard is so technical that like, you know, it could be your, your foot being in a slight wrong position, leaning back a little too much, going a little too fast, going a little too slow.


There's a lot of things that come into play there. And I feel like that's something about skateboarding that's really, man, it's frustrating because I feel like, like what you guys do in football, it's like you make, I mean, correct me if I'm wrong, but I feel like you make a wrong, a wrong play or a wrong move and you kind of know what you did wrong. Yeah. See, when it comes to skateboarding, man, it's just absolutely, it's so frustrating. 'cause you just play it back in your head. You're like, damn, what went wrong? What could I have done differently? But when it comes down to it, man, it's, it's, it's hard stuff we're doing out there. And it's not easy to land those tricks. Have you tried? Yeah. When, when you, when you look back on things, right, we understand all that you've accomplished, you mean your resume, it speaks volumes, it speaks for itself.


But I wanna go back to where it all started. Obviously you had a unique upbringing, you know, a Rastafarian lifestyle. How did that shape your perspective on life and choosing to Skateboard? So, yeah, my dad got me into skateboarding at a very young age. Even before I was like standing on my feet on a board, I was like pushing around my, on my knees when I was like three, four years old. I have, I have three brothers And one sister, and I'm the middle. We're all two years apart. So we all, we all grew up skating together as a family. And we were, we were always really close as a family. So we really just did everything together. Spent a lot of time outside of nature, lived in Fiji from the years I was two to four.


So that was an interesting experience and some of my earliest memories are from there. But then when we moved back to California, that's when I really started falling in love with skateboarding. And ever since I can remember those first sessions, like I, it was just instant love. Like that's, that's all I ever wanted to do. Yeah. That's dope. You know, I I you said you started at 10, I read where you started skateboarding at 10, but you knew you were really good at seven. No, I, I Started when I was five. Go Ahead. You started, so you actually started at five, knew you were good at seven. When did you go into your first competition? How old were you? Entered your, entered your first competition?


So I actually skated some like little beginner contests, local contest series when I was like end of six seven. I, I do, wow. Wow. That's, I dominated all these other kids. Like, I swear I, I was undefeated in this little mini contest series called Castle back in the day. And then, bro, somehow by the time I was 10 years old, I won the biggest amateur contest called Tampa Am And then that's why the next year when I was 11, I skated my first X Games because I had already won the amateur contest somehow that young, Your dad, your dad built you a built you a, a park in your backyard.


You are getting really, really good and abruptly. He moves the family to Puerto Rico. Did, did he give a reason why you guys moved to Puerto Rico when your career is just starting to flourish? Yeah, Man, it was, it was such an interesting move and it was really confusing at the time because my dad was someone that was, he's hard to talk to about things like that, you know, kind of hard to really okay. Conversate with it was just kind of like his way and you just kind of went along with it. But I would say the main reason why is, you know, being raised Rasta, I don't know if you guys know too much about that lifestyle, but they really like to live outside of normal life in normal society.


You know, I never went to normal school when I was a kid. Okay. We were raised vegan. I didn't grow up watching normal TV shows and movies and stuff because I feel like that's a big, big part of that lifestyle. Just kind of staying secluded from the kind of normal life and negativity that they see it out there. But honestly, I'm, I'm thankful for being raised roster because I think it helped me become the person I am today. I think it was a very healthy way of growing up. But yeah, that moved to Puerto Rico was definitely rough throughout those years. I was about 11 to 14 and a couple of those years, bro.


I was, I was out there like, it's funny 'cause I say when I tell people this story and say that I lived in Puerto Rico, they're probably thinking I was, you know, chilling on the beach. You know, maybe skate park on The beach In spots every now and then. No, that's not what it was. I was out in the jungle an hour away from any civilization. My shout out, my dad, he still made it happen and built me some skate stuff on this farm we lived on. But man, we, we were really out there, Man. That's, that's, that's crazy. There's at such a, at such a young age, right? Like when you think about the Olympics and you and you, you talk about the pressures it takes to go out there and perform and be successful when it's time to hit those tricks and get those scores at such a young age.


Did you feel the pressure since you started competing so young or when you were younger? Was it more just fun? I've always been competitive, man, always, ever since I was so young. And I feel like that's a big reason why I, I got to the point that I'm at. But after those big amateur wins, I got skated my first pro contest when I was 11. And it, it wasn't, it wasn't just smooth sailing though. It was like I was out there with the big guys now, you know, everyone's twice my age, twice my size. So it was a mixture of, of being like super stoked as this little kid skating with who grew up watching and looked up to, but also was just intimidating.


'cause like I'm, I'm out there like trying to get my hits in and like, it's, it's, it's kind of scary 'cause like in practice everyone's skating the course at the same time. If someone runs into your son, like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna be getting Bo Right. Right. Go ahead, go ahead. You finish Your up. It wasn't, it was a smooth sailing. I actually had a, a few years until I was 15 where I got like a ton of second places. Like even my, I think it was my first big pro contest ever. I got second place to Ryan Sheckler. That one didn't hurt too bad because it was my first one, but then it went on, it was like second place, second place, second place all the time. And then I finally got my first big win. It was Street League, Arizona.


It was the first Street League ever in 2010. And that was like the moment where I was like, all right, like the hard work is really paying off and it's only up from here. But Nigel, when I, when I look at skateboarding, like a lot of times you, we were talking about what OCHO and I did compared to what you did, you know, being an athlete and you know, you know exactly when you do something wrong, a lot of times we still plays, but in skateboarding it's a lot of trial and error. You go out there on the ramp and you in your backyard or you at the park and you're trying things. And then when you show up at these shows, you hope that you can, you can, you can make it because you know, if we, we get an opportunity, if, if we don't, if that play doesn't succeed, we got a whole bunch of other plays.


Normally if your, you know, your run doesn't go well, there's a great chance you are not gonna win the gold medal in that situation. You're gonna probably get, Sylvia might even get broun, you might not even podium. So how do you deal with, like, I know this, I've worked on this so much, I know I can land this trip. Yeah, I mean when it comes to a guy like myself, I, I do have a lot of options of different tricks to try out there and a lot. And it's good to be prepared because if you're in a situation like that, and let's say a trick isn't working out and you can try a different one. But when it came down to that last trick out the Olympics in Paris, I I wouldn't have switched it up because that was the trick that I was most confident with, even though I did have a couple other ones.


Okay. I could try that would've been a similar score. But yeah, I mean it's, it's really just about trying the tricks that you're most confident with and the work the best on the obstacles that are there. Because a lot of the times the stuff we're skating is, is similar to the other contest we've skated in the past, but it's always different a little bit. It's never gonna be the exact same. So it's like, it might be a sta two bigger or smaller that the ledge might be a little bit higher or steeper and all that stuff makes a difference with the tricks you're doing. Is there, is there a certain trick? Is there a certain trick? So let's say like the video game you play the video game Madden, right? Yeah. And you put in an all madden, that's the highest difficulty.


What would be the, the trick that is the most difficult to do that Not very many people can do it, Man. There, there's so many, bro. But I guess we gotta shout out the, the, the gold medalist Utah out there in, in Paris. 'cause the trick that he did the last trick, which took him four tries to land, but he made it happen on his last attempt, right? It was Ali backside two 70 blunt slide down the rail. And like for example, he, he's the only one that's ever done that trick before In competition at that. Wow. I mean, I don't even think I've ever seen anyone do it outside of competition. But yeah, I mean I think, I think that's one of the coolest parts about skateboarding is everyone has their, their own style.


Everyone has their own tricks. You know, I got a, I got a few tricks that I do that you rarely see anyone do out there. U YouTube's got a bunch and it's really about, you know, bringing your own style and creativity to the sport. Right? But how do you, so the question that I really have, because it's about when I'm, yeah, when I read your post, I could tell that you were in a really down place and you like, I went out there, I was just wanted to have a little fun. And then once I got in position I'm like, oh, I could win this thing. And then it doesn't go according to way you had hoped it'll go. So how do you back bounce back Nigel from a performance like that? Psychologically, mentally, physically, emotionally, how do you come back from something Like that?


Yeah, it's, I'm happy you're asking that question 'cause I honestly like talking about it. I feel like a lot of people that, that feel this way and can get really down on themselves and depressed, sometimes they, they don't wanna speak about it. But I think it definitely helps to be able to express yourself. But yeah, man, it's not easy being in that position. I feel like it's a lot of my friends and people tell me like, oh, you should be happy. You should be happy 'cause you got a medal. You should be happy because of, of your life and this and that. And I'm like, yeah, like I'm, I'm proud of myself, but it's not that easy to not follow through in a, in a situation like that, that you care about so much. And it's not only that I wanted that goal for myself, I wanted it for my country.


'cause that would've been the first goal for skateboarding in the USA. So I think that's the part that really, I really care about extra and why it hurts extra this time, but how do I bounce back from that is really man, just trying to be, be thankful. Be thankful for the life that I live. You know, getting a medal is cool and all, but I think it's really about being thankful for living a life that I love, doing what I love for, for my life and still being so motivated to still get on my board and have a good time. Because that's the fun part about skateboarding, man is like, it's, it's not always training like with you guys.


I see, you know, the drills you guys do and the practices you guys have. Like it's, you guys are out there working. It's, it's, it's go time. It's training day with skateboarding. I would say the majority of the time that I'm on my board, I am having a good time and I having fun and that's, that's really the beautiful part about it. But yeah, I mean, just try to pick myself back up. I had a couple rough, rough days there after I got back home, but then got myself out out in nature, went on a hike, got some sunshine, hung out with some friends and just, you know, life goes on man. Life goes on. Yeah. Yeah, most definitely man you, you're known for your rigorous training. I've seen some of your training routines myself when I tried to attempt to skateboard, but after falling, busting a busting my back open, those days were over.


So what is the a typical day of not training a typical day of fun on the board look like for you? Is it you by yourself? Is it you and some friends skate park or do you have everything right there at home? Yeah, It's a mix of both. Obviously we all love skating with our homies, but I would say I have some of my best practice days when I'm by myself, my skate park. I got my own park in a warehouse over in San Clemente and you know, go over there a couple times a week, really get, get the, get the reps in. But yeah, I mean it's, you know, obviously there's gonna be some times where it's like, like shit. Like I gotta do this trick again even though I've done it so many times, but I'm, I'm right. I'm still enjoying it, you know, I'm not going out there and be like, shit, I gotta skate again.


I gotta here, here goes work again. Like I, I really am thankful for, you know, being a skateboarder because I feel like, I feel like it fits me so well. I feel like I'm meant to be a skateboarder. 'cause it really just right. It, it never, it never gets, it never gets old man. There's the, the nonstop progression is one of my favorite parts. And even after coming third this time in the Olympics, it's already been on my mind the past few days where I'm like, all right, like, I'm not, I'm not over it. Like I'm still, I'm still trying to compete the next few years. I would love to make it to LA in 28. It's, it's on home soil in 28. I know That's that extra motivation to get there.


Oh yeah. But yeah, I've already been thinking like, all right, what, what other trips can I, can I start practicing and trying to, to keep up with these, these younger guys they're gonna, they're gonna be on in the next few years. So it's really just always having that constant progression on the minor. That's dope. Nigel Mental health has been a a, a big, a big talking point with the athletic community. How do you, how can we help, how can the app, athletic community help its competitors, these young scape? Because as you mentioned, you started out, you were 10, 11 years old. Yeah. And they're still that same age. You, you know, you've been at this thing almost two decades. So what can the community do to help its young and help those that's in there that might be being depressed or might be dealing with something?


How can they help? Man, I would say the, the number one thing is just don't be afraid to, to speak your mind and tell people how you're feeling no matter if it's in an interview like this or if it's just talking to your friends and family because it is so easy like to just sit there in bed inside and just keep all those thoughts and feelings to yourself. And that's what I did for a couple days. Like when I got home, I had so many friends that were calling me and stuff. I didn't answer a single phone phone call for a couple days just 'cause I just, you know, it, it takes a lot to be able to talk about that. And sometimes you do do need a little time to sit there and, you know, be to yourself. But I think really just, yeah, not being afraid to talk about it and just, you know, knowing that there are good things to come, you know, as long as you keep that workup And that you're not alone and you're not alone, that you know that you have people in your corner, that you have a support system of course, that, that believe in you, that support you and that people that love.


Of course. Yeah. And I think that's, that's such an important thing is having that family and friends there for you. I got a, I've got a bunch of good friends that are always by my side that will be there if I need 'em. But yeah, I mean, I think there's, I'm sure there's so many athletes out there skateboarders and from all other sports that, that feel this place sometimes because, you know, we all wanna go out there and do our best. But when it comes down to it, especially when it comes to something like skateboarding, you're not gonna have your best day every time. It's just not gonna happen. No matter how hard you practice, no matter how many hours you put in, no matter how many times you land the trip, just not gonna happen every single time. But man, honestly, another another thing that I wanted to mention that like kind of stresses me out when I get down on myself like that is like, I'm like, shit, am I feeling this way?


Because I've had so many concussions before because I've, bro, if you guys have seen some of my falls before, I've, I've had some insane falls, like you would think my head would be, you know, destroyed, just split open, but somehow bounced back up and try the trick again. You've been credited. Go, I was gonna say you've been credited with taking skateboarding from what Tony Hawke started four decades ago and making it more mainstream, making it more popular. What was that transition like? Because everybody knows Tony Hawke is the, is the godfather. I mean, if they're a godfather of anything, he's the godfather of skateboarding and you were you credited with like, okay, it's mainstream now.


We see it on television, now we see it's in the Olympics. What more can you ask for because it's a, it's a global sport now. What, what, what, when you hear that, what does that make you feel? Nike, I Mean, just being in the same, you know, conversation or compared to it all to a guy like Tony Hawk is a, is a true honor. My first skateboard ever was a Tony Hawk board. I grew up going to some of his demos and being like, oh shit, Tony. Like, even though, even though he wasn't a street skater, he was a Burt skater, he did the big ramp, right? He was such an inspiration and I guarantee skateboarding would not be where it's at now in the Olympics if it wasn't for Tony Hawk.


And yeah, I've heard some people say a similar thing about, about me, you know, pushing the, the progression and getting more eyes on street skateboarding because Absolutely. And Skateboarding's a special thing, especially when it comes to street skateboarding because it, it really, it really is what it's called. It comes from the streets. You know, people first started skateboarding on the sidewalk cruising around here in southern California and then people started flipping the board and then they started skating, little curbs and then they're jumping down handrails and then there's contests and then now it's in the Olympics. So I think the, I think that's the most special part about skateboarding is it's, it really is so different from any other sport out there to the point where it is, it still feels weird for me to call it a sport because I see it more as a way of life.


A way of life and you know, lifestyle, creativity. Oh that is dope. Hey, listen, outside of skateboarding, you talked about nature, you talked about being adventurous, going on hikes, you know, to kind of offset some of the, I don't wanna say struggles that skateboarding brings, but do you have any other passions outside of skateboarding that you like to do? Yeah, yeah, For sure. I think, I think being out on nature and, you know, spending time outside really makes me appreciate life and really puts me in a better mood when I'm down on myself like that. So that's something I would definitely advise to anyone feeling that way.


Go outside, get some sunlight, definitely makes me feel better and lift those spirits back up. Aside from skateboarding though, my favorite is riding dirt bikes. That's my favorite. Dirt bikes. Dirt Bikes. So fun. There we go. So fun. That's like the most free feeling thing when you're just on trails out, hours away with a couple homies just ripping and having a good time. Aside from that, like watching basketball a lot, I love watching what you guys doing? Football. I was actually just watching the USA basketball game right now. They're out there killing it, so Yeah, they won 90, yeah, they won 98, 87, they won.


They wanted the goal. Yeah. Nice. Let, now lemme ask you this, what was that moment like when Nike said, we're gonna give you your own shoe? It's, it's insane man. It's, it's such an honor and there's only been a few skateboarders that have had professional shoes with Nike, so it really makes it such a special thing. Yeah, it's, it's, you know, PO it's costing, it's janowski. It's only a few few guys that have been up there and it's also just really, really cool process. Like actually I feel like some people are like, oh, you have approached you with Nike, cool. But they don't actually understand how much involvement goes into creating the shoe and how many meetings we have going samples going back and forth, does this feel right?


Does this feel wrong? And really being involved in that process is sick. And then seeing it come to life Because you want the shoe to look as to look good aesthetically, but you wanted to be functional. I mean, you can't have a, have a good a shoe that looks good, that's not functional, but you don't want a functional shoe that doesn't look good because the people won't buy it. So It has to, it has to be both to mix both. Yes. Skateboard shoes is all about balance because you want, if you're a skateboarder like me that's jumping down, you know, 20 plus their handrails, you obviously need a shoe that is, has good structure and is gonna keep your foot safe, keep you from rolling your ankle, but at the same time, the bottom of the shoe can't be like a basketball shoe.


The, if the, if the sole is too thick and too stiff, then you can't feel your board under your toe. You really like, Right, okay. You feel connected To your skateboard. So there's a lot of, there's a lot of specifics and, and work that goes into these shoes. That's dope. You know what I heard you were a big flosser. How many times do you floss your teeth A today. And how many times do you brush your teeth today? Because I brush my teeth on average. I've kind of calmed down at one time I was gonna high like 10, I think I'm around six, I think I'm around six or seven now. So combination. How many times do you floss and how many times do you brush your teeth per day? It's, it's not a crazy amount. I did brush my teeth or floss my teeth last night.


It's normally just once a day for the flossing and see, See like that's normal folks day For the brushing you bro. You said you six times a day. Yes. No, it was 10. Yeah, it was 10. It was 10. Ojo talked me down from, from I I'm down to six, I was up to 10. I was going, I was going through a two or two place a Week, bro. That's crazy. You gotta chill o chill. Oh man, Maybe I need to go on one of those nature trails. Maybe I need to get out in the wilderness. You know what I got? I gotta, I gotta come, I gotta come out there. You, you in la I'm not in LA often, but I will, I will come. I think it would be great content we've had, we had a few Olympians on and I think for us and, and adding a different dynamic to Nightcap is those that we've had on here, me trying to do what they do for their respective crafts and seeing if I could, if I succeed.


So I have to get out there with you and get on the board with you and you have to teach me some type of trick and I cannot leave until I, until I I all right, Complete it. We gotta do that. I don't care how high the ramp is, I don't care what I have to jump down. We just gonna do it. I think it would be great content to add to my camp That that would be sick. Did you used to be able to do any tricks? No, just I can Ali, I can Ali, that's, that's about it. Like, like the, the funny thing about it, if you google Chad Johnson on skateboard, you'll see me busting my asses maybe three or four videos of me trying to do stuff off, off a ramp and going down it, it's bad. It's, it's really bad. It's embarrassing, but listen, long as I feeling I got back up, To be honest, he did no tricks or treaty.


So he did, he did, he did neither. But I'm anxious to see him get out there and to see him fall. Yeah, because like you said, you Google OCHO and skateboard is gonna see the same thing. Yeah. Whether it was a 1999, 2005 or 20, 24 him forward. Hey, well if we get you back on the board about if you land a trick or you you're, you're eating shit, I'll, I'll still respect it so I'll respect, there we Go. There we go, there we go. Nij, I really appreciate you taking time outta your schedule. I appreciate you sharing your story and the struggle that you was going through of what transpired. You went to have a great time and found yourself in position to win the gold medal and when things didn't go your way, you were man enough to stand up and say, yeah man, this thing's tough.


It hurts because I was so close and that was the moment that I had dreamed about and here it is right before me and I didn't make it happen and I'm struggling with it, but I'm gonna be okay. So thanks for sharing your story with me. Yes sir. Hopefully someone took something from that. They learned that it's okay to, to to face disappointment, but the sunshine follows rain and there's a new day tomorrow. So thank you for sharing your story and I greatly appreciate it. Keep you going man. Keep it rolling. Life goes on and man you thankful to be alive. Appreciate you guys. Alright bro, thank you guys. Appreciate thank you man. And good, good luck the rest of the way. Hey, yes sir, you in 28? Alright Lewis. Alright bro, have a good one.


The Volume New from embedded. Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics, but it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man? Hear about the long history of sex testing women athletes on tested a new series from CBC and NPRs embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete or how the best in the sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level?


I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League One Volleyball's podcast serving pancakes. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about the sport itself and what it takes to stand on the podium. I'll be joined by top athletes and figureheads in sports as we dive deep into match play mindset and memories from years past. And you can guarantee that pancakes will be on the menu. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, I'm Jay Shetty and I'm the host of the On Purpose Podcast. This week I got the opportunity to interview Fat Joe. Fat Joe shares his life journey from the streets to stardom.


You Know, when you die, nobody cares what car you drive. Nobody cares what clothes you had. What they want to know is what did you do for the people? Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't wanna miss this one. Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One, September 20th and 21st T-Mobile Arena, here in Las Vegas Stream live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Cab, doji Cat, Dua Lipa g Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the block, Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows, Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, and more.


Buy tickets now with axs.com. Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL Media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.