
This is an iHeart podcast, Bettering your business. Takes Working with the best. With the James Hardy Alliance, you gain access to leads, training, networking, and support from the number one brand of siding in North America. Achieve new levels of success by joining the James Hardy Alliance today. I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures. And your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen.


Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or ever you get your podcasts Guests. Hi, I'm Sarah Spain, host of Good Game with Sarah Spain and the co-author of the new book Runs in the Family, an incredible true story of football, fatherhood and belonging. Written with and about Las Vegas Raiders Running Backs, coach Die McCullough. It's the story of a football coach and father of four who sees his life forever changed by the unsealing of his adoption records. And it's got a twist you won't believe based on the viral ESPN story I did a few years ago. This book will blow your mind and bring you to tears by runs in the family wherever books are sold, The volume.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. Unc Shannon Sharpe. And look who's filling in for your ochocinco. That's right. The triple OG poured off the native. But HT X is where he called home. Now the one and only Bun B bun. What it do, man? I, I'm good, I'm good. It's funny because it, I'm always called Unc. Everybody calls me Unc and then I'm in here with Unc. So it's Unc and Unc tonight. That's what this Unc and Unc show tonight. All right. But please make sure you guys hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button. And guys do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


We would like to thank each and every one of you for your eyes, your ears, and your word of mouth, because thanks to you, we've been able to do everything we've been able to do. And because of you, we are who we are. So thank you very much and continue your support. Please make sure you check out Shaa by La Porter now Shaa by La Porter, the premium cognac. Now, if you cannot find it in a city or a state near you, best believe we're coming soon, but ordered online, we'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe while you're out there. Go follow my media company page on all of its platform, Sheha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pinned in the chat supplies are unlimited and once they're gone, they're gone.


So please grab yours while supplies last. Alright. Alright. Make sure you guys, You know what bun, we gonna talk about this? The Trill Burger. I haven't yet to try the Trill Burger, but You know, You know, HTX is one of my favorite cities. It might be my favorite city, You know, and I, I'm an Atlanta native. But You know what, we're gonna get to that in a minute. But let's talk about the Trill Burger. Yes sir. How did you come up with this concept? I'll be honest, Shannon, I didn't come up with the concept of the burger. Okay. I had made friends with a gentleman named Andy Wynn, probably over probably 11 years now. He used to be in the clothing industry. Okay.


So I met him at the Magic Convention. The Magic Convention is a huge clothing convention that happens in Las Vegas twice a year. I met him there. He had a clothing line called I Am King. Okay. And most of the people that are there, they're showcasing the convention is from people who have clothing brands, shoe brands, anything in that fashion, and people who sell. So it's a conference where people come, they look at your brand, see if they want to put it in their store and that kind of a thing. Gotcha. So a lot of what they showing is just samples of what's to come. Because if you go there in the summer of, let's say if I go this summer in 25, what I'm buying for them, I won't get till a winter. You maybe spring, You know what I'm saying?


You're right. Yep. So he had this hat with Iron King on it, and I knew it was the only one he had. And so I said, let me get that hat from you. That way I knew I was rocking something nobody else would have at the convention. Oh, that's what's up. And so we were very cool. And then he moved into Food and California. He's done extremely well for himself in the food industry. He, he's a ING genius. So he has a license for Hello Kitty. He's got a couple of stores with Hello Kitty. He's got the license for this Japanese anime series called One Piece, which is extremely successful. He had a Sonic, the Hedgehog Cafe before he had this, he was partners in the ice cream company called After his Ice Cream.


They opened over 30 plus doors. So he's been extremely, and this is just a small number of the things that he is got his hands in. So he's been very successful and he is, he and his partners had developed a burger. Okay. And the Smashburger trend was starting to take off in, in California a couple years ago. And is, yeah. And so he was like, well, I can't do it in California 'cause it's too much competition. Too many things. Have too many companies got traction out yet. I need to move a little bit further down in the co country. 'cause kind of what happens is these trends will take place and start in one part of the country and then start to move across the country. So, You know, maybe eight years ago you started seeing poke.


Everywhere you go, you start seeing poke, poke, poke. Okay. About four years ago you started seeing hot chicken everywhere. Everywhere you go now you see smash burgers. Yep. Everybody's got a smash burger concept. So he was like, if I don't catch it by the time it get to Texas, I'm gonna miss the whole thing. So we had a mutual friend, a guy named Nick Fairfield. Nick used to work for the Texans. I met him when we got whooped terribly by the Patriots. I'm sure you remember the, oh, that Monday night game, that Barity jacket fiasco. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That, that's why I met Nick. That was a rough pill to swallow in that city. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They beat the bricks up y'all. Yeah. And You know, we learned a, we weren't a, a big lesson about showing up is about on the field, not about on the bus and the play, but You know, we, we became good friends.


And so he moved into out of working with the sex and starting a, a, a marketing company and promotional company. And so he was, one of his company was doing marketing for Andy's company. So he reached out to Andy, said, man, I'm, I'm really looking to start this in Texas. He was like, well, I know Bun and Bun been wanting to do something in that space for a while. 'cause I started a food blog about 10 years ago called, you Gotta Eat This. Now, the in all mines was me and my partner premium Pete in all mines, we figured if we start a food blog, at the very least, we'll be able to get tables at good restaurants. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But, but if, if we do it right, we might get invited to try, You know, host this to get some new snacks or Right.


You know, I always see that Big Taco Bell presentation. It's almost as big as the Apple with Tim Cook them come out and do the new Apple presentations every year when they pop them new snacks out. I said, man, it'd be cool to get invited to somewhere for their new stuff and all of that. But it really became a passion project. We never made no real money off of it. It's always been a passion project. But both of us wanted to move into actually selling food and presenting food. So he started a spaghetti sauce, which has been doing real well. He used his grandmother's recipe, which is doing really well. And I was approached by the guys about being a part of this company. And once I tried this burger, I was like, this burger is a problem. Like this burger is really, really good.


It was like, hold on. We, we think we almost there. You know what I'm saying? And then when they came back to me about two weeks later, I said, man, this is, this is it. This is, this is some of the best food I've ever eaten. Not just a burger. I realized this burger was far beyond anything anybody had ever done with a hamburger. Right. But I, I realized, You know, that this is a, this is an opportunity, it's a real opportunity for me to be a part of a company that I believe could potentially change everybody that's involved live. Right. You know what I'm saying? And so far, we've got two doors open here in Houston, one on on Shepherd and one on Luta. And we're about to open two more before the end of the year, which is driving us crazy.


You know what I'm saying? And most people right now, obviously with what's going on, everybody's worried about staff. Right. You know what I'm saying? Staff and people and, and even before everything that's happening in this country, man post COVID, people don't really wanna work no more. Nah. You know, people wanna work from home. Yeah. But if you're in the service industry, it's hard to work from home when you're in the service industry. But yeah. You can't cook them burgers from home and then send 'em to somebody house. That's not how this company works. You know? But, but we, we, we working the king out, You know what I'm saying? We've had our ups and downs, but, You know, everything's been a learning experience and it's, it's beautiful that I get to connect not only with people that have been supporters and fans, 'cause obviously the first people that come through the door, You know, we're bum beef fans.


Correct. You know, but, but we've had amazing opportunities to present this burger to the entire city of Houston for the past four years with the Houston Livestock Show Rodeo. They get over 2 million people through the gates every year. And that's where the city fell in love with the burger. You know what I'm saying? So we've had some great opportunities to present this brand to the city in a big way. They've been receptive and You know, obviously the Bumby fans and the UGK fans, they come through out the gate and show love. But now it's at the point, man, where we'll come in and you can tell these people have no idea who I am. They have no idea what tri means, any of that. They just know this is a good burger. Right. And it works for me. You know what I'm saying? That's in the day.


Yeah. And there's in the day or a moment where you come in this restaurant and you don't really see what Houston really reflects. You see white people, you see black people, you see Latina Asian, you see couples, you see single people, old people, young people, straight people. Any, any gender, any, any affiliation with any religion. We've had them all come in, You know what I'm saying? Because we wanna represent a version of Houston that's as inclusive as possible. Right. That don't block nobody out. So you ain't gotta know who Bumby is. You ain't gotta know who Trill is. Got that big pimp c mural on the wall. They may not even know who that man is in the white knee Coke. Yeah. They'll, they, yeah, but You know what Bun But they know it's good food.


They know it's good food. And that's all that matter. The thing is, You know, bun B might have got him in the door, but to get him to come back, bun B can't get him to come back. Bun might have got him initially, man, Hey man, I heard Bun got a new spot down there, man. You know, bun always giving back to the community. Let's go support him one time. Right. It's just like you start something, it's like, oh, with a new podcast. And this is what I tell people. I say, look, if you got a podcast, I say, you could only get somebody once you got to leave an impression to say they want to come back. Because if you lose them, they're not coming back. And there's so many content choices right now. Absolutely. Absolutely. And that's the thing. What, and that's what I like about you, because y'all are so consistent.


That's the the number one thing about podcasting, not about guests, not about topics, not about location, backdrop. None of that missed. It's about consistency. Yep. When you tell them, people meet me here every Tuesday, you missed a Tuesday, you, some of the people don't come back, they ain't coming back. You Right. Some of the people don't come back, man. And that's what I tell them. That's what I, that's what I try to tell people, bun. Because here's the thing, people think because man, all you got is a microphone and a camera. I can do that because, You know, bun, the easier it is to make money, the more resentful people will become of you. Because see, people don't really, really resent an athlete because, and I can't run, I can't jump, I can't throw a football, I can't tackle, I can't hear the baseball, but everybody feel they can talk.


So if I got a camera and I got a microphone, I should be able to do it. And they see what some of these influencers and bloggers or whatever the case may be, and to see what they're making. But when I say, bro, you just don't turn the camera on and start talking. You have to have a staff, you have to have a topic, you have to have a rundown. You need to know what you want to talk about. You need to have somebody to weed you in and outta traffic. It's not as easy as it looks. So, but, and people are like, well man, hey man, but You know, hey, I gotta have a life. Okay? A life is fine if that's what you want. Life. If you want life that's nine to five, fine. You can have that. But bond when You know, when you become successful or you want to become uber successful, there is no off time.


There is no nine to five. There is no balance. Greatness. There is no balance to greatness. I don't know why people don't understand that. No, no. It, and it is the thing, man. Like, when you decide you want something, right? When you decide you really, really want something, then you have to figure out how to restructure your life to benefit that. Correct. All. And, and, and You know, like I, I'm a married man, You know, and there's been many times where I've had to sacrifice family time for business. Absolutely. You know what I'm saying? People don't see that. You know what I'm saying? People see you, You know, on stage or on the TV or all of these things, You know what I'm saying? And being available and accessible to them.


But every time I, I give my time to the world, it's time I take away from my family. So my family has to understand the sacrifice I'm making for us. You know what I'm saying? For this family. Absolutely. You know what I'm saying? So there's a lot to go into. But here's the first thing. The, do people really want to even hear what you got to say? Yes. Absolutely. Like there's a level of self-awareness that has to be present in podcasting, forward to work. Because you jump out there the first week, you, you, you, you going talk mumble over your words. You're gonna mix up things, You know, the, the wifi ain't going to hit, things ain't going to work. You know what I'm saying?


And that'll discourage most people Yes. Out the door. Then you try to come back and push through it and push through it and make it work. You gotta decide if we, if we, if we're going to be a guest driven podcast, we gotta have somebody every time we want to do a show. Right? That ain't easy. Everybody ain't always available. Ocho seco somewhere with a beret on equal sauce. You know what I'm saying? In France somewhere. Ali Wewe all over the place. Yeah. Yes. You know, so, so you got to have potential co-hosts, potential guests. People don't understand how hard it is to even book talent, bro. Like you gotta have a booking service. It's so many, so many different parts of this that have to be moving succinctly before you even sit down in the chat.


I was online for about five, six minutes talking to two different people before you even pop up on the screen. And that's, but that's the level of commitment that it take. And that's how require, how serious it require. It's mandatory. That's how serious. Now the problem me, like me with a recording on, it's very easy to gather the equipment and resources needed to record a song and release a song to the public. You buy a laptop, You know, a Apple laptop this's gonna come with garage bands, You know, the equipment every year recording equipment and accessories get cheaper and cheaper and cheaper. So it's very easy to actually make the music, create the music, and put the music out to the public. But that don't mean you finna blow up.


Exactly. You know what I'm saying? This stuff all take time. It's trial and error. Everything's trial and error. It is. The first song I made was terrible. I can tell you the first rhyme I wrote, when I say bad, my rap name was terrible back. My rap name used to be Shadow Storm. So I, I just thought I had to have one of these glorious type of names that, You know, would tell everybody who I was before I walked in the room. I was way off. It had nothing to do with that. The name don't Matter. My rap name ended up being Bun Beat, which don't mean much to anything in, in the world of name. You know what I'm saying? So a a, a man, a man is not made by his name. You know what I'm saying? That had nothing to do with it.


I had to realize that if I wanna be good at this, I gotta, if you wanna be good at something, you gotta be prepared to be prepared to actually be bad at something. Right. That's the thing. You have to walk in the room and be prepared to tell these people. Like you see on American Idol, you just ain't ready. But if you watch American Idol, most people don't watch it consistently. But if you watch American Idol, you'll see somebody that I I you look familiar. Yeah. I tried it out in season two and it didn't work. So here I am season four, trying it again. And they might, and they come year, year it got better. And then on, and then on year five they hit, they pick the right song. Right. Sometimes it's the right song, the right look, the right feel something in the moment they pick and then those people actually get on American Idol.


Right. So just because you get a no don't, doesn't mean it's not meant for you. It might just mean you not ready. Right. But it looks like you were giving the keys to your hometown of Port Arthur, Texas. I mean, growing up, could you have imagined that growing up in Port Arthur that one day you would come back and have a key to the city? You know, they gave me a key to the city in my hometown. It was a crowbar, but they said, come back anytime. You're like, You know what I'm saying, I can come back here, I can come back anytime I want to bud. No, but all seriousness, I mean, think about it, bun, when you growing up and you didn't, I mean HT X is, is a hop skip in the jump from Port Arthur, but for, for the city and its residents to show you love and what you've been able to accomplish once you left and to be able to come back and they fully embrace you, what does that mean to you?


Bun Lemme tell you something. Growing up in Port Arthur, if you had business on fourth Street, somebody had to pick you up from jail, or you went to, you was at court. Unless you worked for the city, you really ain't got no business on that part of fourth Street. You know what I'm saying? So yeah. Being of value as a black man in Port Arthur on Fourth Street, you either the mayor or that's it. You know what I'm saying? That's the only people, the mayor and the police chief, those are the only people in that part of town. They got Eddie Pop. If you on that side of town, you did something wrong. So for me to be there tonight for doing something right, I mean, it, it couldn't have even been something I predicted would happen.


You know what I'm saying? Because you really want to try to be, be built in a certain way to get out of a small town. You know what I'm saying? Like, that's a big part of, of it is like, man, I gotta get out of this town. You know what I'm saying? Right. But you don't forget the town. Right. You don't turn your back on the town. Always show up. That shaped bun show. That's who made, that's what that's, that's city made bun, the guy that we see and everybody see the refined product, but it was shaped, it was formed in Port Arthur, Texas. Absolutely. That's where I got my determination from, because you have to be determined to escape certain environments in this country. You know what I'm saying? You have to have focus because it's a very small, and it's a very, I don't wanna say it's a comfortable town, but it's Acra a town that allows people to have a level of comfort.


If you hungry in Port Arthur, you got a cousin, You know, somebody's mama, you can get a meal, you can get a couple dollars, you can get a beer, you can get, You know what I'm saying? You can get enough to get through, which would make some people not even want to try to do more than it. Yes. Yes. You know what I'm saying? So, You know, I I grew up in a small town, Shannon, You know, like I know whatever the treat. Yep. Right? Like, you, you, for for years, since you was a kid, same people been right there sitting there Yep. Sitting in them folding chairs Yeah. In their little four point table. Yep. You know what I'm saying? With that little purple brown bag on the side of them playing dominoes, talking shit right there all day long. And I just, I just knew that's not the life I want now. It's okay. When I pull in town and I pull up certain places, I sit down, we, I pull up, go fifth Avenue, I pass by Brad house, Brad them in the garage.


I sit down, hang out with 'em for a minute or whatever. But neither Brad nor I want that to be our life. But I do see people, You know, older people that went in school before me, people who, You know, were, You know, top athletes, You know, they was homecoming kings and all that type of thing. And they just, for some reason, the transition didn't work for them. You know what I'm saying? Going from the king of high school to the king of college is a whole different atmosphere Yeah. For people much less being, making it to professional sports and anything like that. So if, and there's not a lot of motivation, like most people are like, no, we good right here. And You know, and I'm not knocking anybody that lives in Port Arthur.


Right. You know what I'm saying? You have to do what you have to do to make it in this world. But I believe that I had more in me not only to contribute to the world, but to also help put my city on the map. Proverbially. You know what I'm saying? Right. So me and Pip, You know, rest his soul, man, we really put a lot into it. And we did it knowing that we came from a place where if you went out there and misrepresented it, you couldn't welcome when you come back. Right. So if you gonna take put Arthur around the world, you better take it the right way. Welcome to the U versus U podcast. I'm Lex Burro, and every week we sit down with some of the biggest names in entertainment to talk about the real stuff, the struggles, the doubts, and the breakthroughs that make them who they are. We go deep from childhood trauma, family overcoming loss, and the moments that shape their journey.


These honest conversations are meant to take the cape off our heroes with the hope that their humanity inspires you to become a better you, and therefore set you free to live the life of your dreams. Here's a sneak peek. I'm trained to go compete. I'm trained to be like, go harder. But sometimes that mentality stops you from stopping and smelling the flowers in your own garden. Is it Wrong to want more? We migrated our family, migrated here. I'm like second generation. Listen to you versus you as part of Michael Tuda podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming, how she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen.


Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Let's get into some topics. Bun Sean reported concern that Tyree Halliburton has a calf strain, right?


Calf strain despite the industry. Halliburton will continue to push to play in a team's upcoming game on Thursday per the Atlantic, should the Pacers shut him down. Now, we saw a guy about four or five years ago, five, six years ago, excuse me, have a calf injury and he pushed to play one Kevin Durant, and it didn't end up well for it. We saw jt, Jason Tatum, he went down earlier in the postseason with a Achilles injury. And that's a debilitating injury. It's going to take you out for the entirety of a complete season. Now, watching the game last night, I thought, and I said this last night, Rick Carlisle, Tyree Halliburton is like, I understand he wants to play and he doesn't wanna let his teammate down, but you weren't giving him anything.


TJ McConnell was outplaying you and you went back to Tyrese, Halliburton and the amount of minutes that TJ McConnell played, he outplayed Tyrese. I mean, if, if I'm out there and I understand guys wanna be out there, I was extra professional athlete and I wanted to be out there. But it's hard if I'm not giving you, if just me being out there that's not enough, not in that type of situation. What are your thoughts on that bond? Well, for one, You know, your coach is supposed to, the coach is supposed to protect the player from himself. Right. You know what I'm saying? Now, Tyler, You know, Tyler's postseason has been built on how the, the league portrayed him, right? Yes. The the players got out there and said he was the most underrated.


That'll put a fire fire under your feet for show. Yes. Right. That pushed him all the way up to the finals, to the conference finals. And then I feel, and this could just be me, but I feel like, see, I could get an MVP put another fire on his feet. Right? I agree. So there's so much in his mind that Tyrese really has to prove right now. And I don't think it's just to himself, I really think he really wants to show this league that he's the best. I think he wants to prove it. The beauty of your team is not necessarily that you are the best, is that your team is deep so that when you aren't productive, You know what I'm saying, McCullough can come in, see, Yoakam can come in, people can come in and pick up that slack. You know what I'm saying?


We had that issue here when we had Chris fall in the playoffs with the Rockets. You know what I'm saying? Right. Chris pushed too hard. Chris was, You know, Chris at that time was, You know, a little bit dealing with injuries, You know what I'm saying? Off and on. Yeah. It's still to this day, You know, as he played, and he probably shouldn't have pushed himself that far. If they had held him back a little bit, we would've won one of those two games had he not gone out, You know what I'm saying? Right. We might not have or won the first one, but we would've been competitive in both of those games. So you really gotta think of the long term when these things happen. But I mean, You know, like, I know Shannon, this is, it ain't no basketball after this. No. Anyway, so you, you, you play football, You know what guys were willing to live, live on the field during the playoffs.


Take that needle rope. Yeah. They, they, they, they're going to leave it all out on the field. I remember with the Astros, You know, our picture went out and we had the guy, he was sitting in there man, and he's ready to go in. He's ready to go in. But he, and he had just pissed a while back and he was a little tender, but it's, it's game seven. Like, I'm ready to go in, put me in. And they like, no, because actually we wanna keep you under contract. Right. And make sure you're still good. And Astros ended up losing the game. We have you for one game and then now we now we got you on the hook for $150 million for the next six years. And you can't pitch. I mean, You know, with, You know, luckily McCull McCullough was just getting ready to come back, You know what I'm saying? From two years of injury.


So I understand it, You know what I'm saying? It's hard to stop a player, especially one is the money. Right. Obviously the money's a driver. I don't think that's a factor in this. It's a competitive nature. It's the the want to prove that I am who I've said I am and I'm not who y'all try to say I am. Right. You know what I'm saying? I think they gotta, I think they've got a rotation that they can work through him, but again, if they, if they don't put him in right, or give him restricted time, he's gonna blame himself if they don't pull through and against it. Right. But I think the thing is, look, he has to understand. He could, I mean, and I don't think I, I, I don't think he's overrated, but he happens to be in an era with Steph Curry, with Luka Donit, with Shea Giles, with James Hardin.


If you, John, if you look at the guys he's up against, there was some good tour guards, but ain't nobody getting mentioned with Jordan. I'm sorry. It's just the way it is. There's some, there's some really, really good quarterbacks with Tom Brady. I mean, think about it. There was some really good quarterbacks. So you trying to say that Peyton Manning and Ben Rothenberger and Philip Rivers and Drew Rees weren't good quarterbacks, but when you got that guy, you just have to get what people give you. And I think that's the thing with Tyrese Halliburton, he could go out there and he could average 30 people are not gonna put him in front of staff. They're not gonna put him in front of Luca, they're not gonna put him in front of shade. They're just not bun. You know, look, there's you in the rap game Jason, go ahead. Go ahead Shannon. You in the rap game bun.


Yeah. And You know this, I mean, when Tupac and Biggie, let's just say Tupac, biggie ho Ks one rock him Big Daddy Kane, you gotta take, take the 10 best rappers. Okay? Everybody's gonna be talking about the 10 best rappers. It's gonna be one or two. And that's how it's always been. And it's always gonna be, there'd been some great RB singles, a bunch of 'em, back in the eighties, You know, the eighties and nineties the RV was king, but only Marvin Gaye. If you wasn't Marvin Gaye, if you weren't a a a Teddy P rug, Barry White. Oh well Baby Fred, you threw Freddy. Freddy came along in there and snuck in, snuck in there.


Yeah. He got little time. Yeah, he got a little tired. But it was basically Marvin Gaye and, and Teddy P look, that that doesn't mean you aren't a great player just because you aren't considered the greatest player player. And that shouldn't affect you mentally. You know what I'm saying? My favorite, my favorite player was always Crawford, Jamal Crawford. Okay. Yep. Right. I'm talking about one of the best to ever play the game. Right. But he was, and he was always considered the best sixth man. Right. You know what I'm saying? If somebody go down, I got us from here. Right. You know what I'm saying? And I feel like Tyree is, is a player. Like I feel like the Pacers as a team are built. Yeah. They ain't got no superstars on the team, but they got they But their mentality committee is that everybody's ready to step up.


Yes. You never know. It is really hard to game plan for them because you never know who's gonna get that 25 and then who's gonna have the, the 19 to 18 to 17 to 16, they don't have that one guy. And maybe in some situations they hurt 'em because most teams that win championships, they do have that one guy, they can give him the ball and he can go get you a bucket. That's, that's why we wet have, that's why we didn't get further than we have. 'cause right now we have a very young team with a first time coach and we just don't have anybody that we can say, Hey, I need, I need this too right now. And you have, every team has to have somebody that can give you that too when you need it consistently. Now if you have a rotation where, You know, if I, if I get these guys where I want in this particular scheme, we can make this work.


But all of that's wishful thinking. I'm talking about and and he's a two. He's a two, bro. That's the, that's a tall ladder to climb, bro. Yeah. That's a lot of rungs to climb to try to, You know, to say that you are considered amongst the best bro, the best person that ever played this game, played your position the best ever to play the game. Played your position, some of the best, the best shooter ever to shoot the basketball played in your position. It's going to be a wild, you have to have chips, you gotta have a couple, put some, You know what I'm saying? There's a couple of things that have to come that are going to have to come together in order for everyone to consider Tyrese to be that player.


That doesn't mean he won't be that player. I agree. Right now I don't even think he has to be that player. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I think they, I I don't think he has to be that player, but if it ain't his time, bro, you left 30 plus teams behind, bro. Right. Take some pride in that and y'all only gonna get better. This team's only going to get better. But right now yeah, he's gotta be very, very careful because he could do some real damage, more harm than good. Yeah. Yeah. He could do some real damage and You know, like, I know it goes far beyond the physical side of it in this point in the game, when you are not at your top, You know what I'm saying? Health and performance ability and capabilities in the moments, like right here, this is the biggest moment. This is, yeah.


The stage that 8-year-old and 7-year-old, You know, guys, that's who they want to be. That's where they want to go. And when you not in optimum prime position to take advantage of it, man, that becomes far beyond physical. That's a mental thing that can cripple you mentally or it could supercharge you. I'm gonna, I'm gonna say this when we gonna move on, go back and look at Grant Hill. Grant Hill had an injury, an ankle injury, and he played in the playoffs. And Grant Hill was never the same. He was on his way to being a historically great player. He could do it all. Go back and look at Grant Hill and once he got that ankle injury, he was never the same player. Guys, be careful. LeBron James is pushing back on the idea that championship rings are the only measure of greatness in a ba on ba in basketball.


On this new episode of Mind the Game podcast with Steve Nash, the LeBron said, I don't know why it's discussed so much in our sport. I and I why it's the end all be all of everything. It's like you aren't a great player if you never won a championship or if you won one. You can't be the same conversation as this person. You sit here and tell me, Allen Iversson, Charles Barklay, Steve Nash wasn't unbelievable. Oh, they can't be talked about or discussed with these guys because they won. It's weird to me, it's like saying Pate Manning can't be in the same room with Tom Brady or Patrick Mahomes because he only has one ring. Well, Peyton has two rings, but we, I get, I get what LeBron is trying to say, but that's what society, that's what social media, that's what we've done.


Now we've turned everything into a ring. If you don't have a championship, it's almost it. And at one point in time it was like that with the Grammys bud. Man, you ain't got no gra man, you ain't got no Grammy. But sometimes it take, that's what it take to fuel you though. Right? Right. If you, if you would've asked LeBron that prior to having a shit, he would, that's what you, that's his motivation. It of it was, that's its drive. That's what I want to be. I want to be, I want to be placed on the mantle next to those other greats. Well, you have to look at what those other great people have have achieved everybody. You have to look at what their success is gauged by. You know what I'm saying?


Yes. And who they played against, the level of competition. All of these things come into that. So, and, and you got chips. I'm really don't, I don't know who he's arguing for. I think the thing if, but if you look at LeBron, look at the guys that he idolized. What do they have? Jordan rings, magic rings, bird rings. So those are the three guys that we know he looked up to. What does all those guys have in common championships? There's a reason why he left because he wanted a championship. He felt that the organization didn't have, didn't have the, the wherewithal or he didn't trust them to get the requisite pieces in Cleveland. So he went to Miami.


You see, it's a, it's a, it's a big relief once you have something because it's easy for the person that says, man, IIII would, I'm gonna take me some time. Well, yeah, Elon bus can take a six month vacation. Jeff Bezos can take a six month vacation. But ask him when they were building their business, did they take a six month vacation? Okay, now LeBron, did you feel this way before you had championships or after you got them? Right. And I agree with everything he's saying. I just believe this bun when we're having a conversation and I gotta put EST on it. You got to have championships. Now, I'm not saying you can't be great because Charles Barkley, I'm old enough. You and I old enough because we, we remember a lot of these cats.


I remember Charles Barkley, I remember Carl alone. I remember Patrick, you and I remember some of these great players. But when I need to add EST, I just don't know how I can from, I don know how I can you from, you come from football. So Marino, yes. That was always the argument about Marino on Barry Sanders on every other level up against every other standard. He was al always the limit sets for the position. Yes. The only thing was, and and look, I'm a Rockets fan, so we got those asterisks next to us when Jordan, we playing baseball, You know what I'm saying? But no, I mean it's, it's a very, very real thing to have the want to get a championship, which is what inspires and drives a lot of people.


Yes. But the, but when you are as a grand of talent as LeBron, You know, quite frankly, if you want to be in that conversation there, there's a couple of things missing. We know you have the talent, we know you have the skill. That's never been a question with LeBron James, You know what I'm saying? But if you want to be in that Mount Rushmore it, you still have some work to do and that's fine. There's nothing wrong with that. He's actually still physically capable enough to do the work. But I think one, I don't think this should be something that should be bothering LeBron James because he's gonna succeed at a level that very few people in any, any sport or any business will be able to succeed.


But then also, I, I don't know if that's something that still is potential could drive him. Because if that's who he is looking to compete with, how many more years would it realistically take him to get those, those extra two rings that he's probably looking at right now? Yeah. No, like I said, I, I look so, so is this a negate that argument preemptively? Is that what we doing? I think the thing is what people hold, they say, well, you jumped, you went to Miami, you went to Cleveland, you went to la. And so I think, You know, he's like the rings. I, and, and, and when we talk about NFL players, they say the greatest, the greatest player. I mean, Dan Marino is always on the list. The name that you miss, it mentioned, and I know Danell worked with him for a decade, knowing him very well.


We sh we shared the same agents when I when we played, is that he was always on the list, greatest player to never win a championship. That was Dan Marino because he could throw the ball like no one else. That quick release, I mean 5,000 passing yards, 48 touchdown in an era when everybody ran the football and you could hold, you could punish the quarterback, you could hit him everywhere, the top of his head, even the bottom of his feet when he laid down, you could hit him there too. So, but I, I just think the thing is, is what happened is that we knew used to never have these argument because we didn't have social media. Right. You see now, now Bud, everybody's a coach. Everybody's a gm, everybody's a former player.


And no matter how much you say, I don't pay attention to it. We're trained, we do, we see the negative. We the ne no matter how much money Elon Musk has, he's worth 400 billion. He took a drug test to say, You know what, I ain't on drugs. You see, why would, why would somebody saying you on drugs, you worth 400 billion. But it, what, what did you care? And, and, and, and that's what happens when, You know, a good friend of mine, dizzy RAs, he is a recording artist in, in London and on one of his songs, he said, you don't care about my rich man problems. I don't care about your bitch ass problem. You know what I'm saying? And, and, and that's the reality.


It, it's not that LeBron doesn't necessarily have a valid argument. I think there's the validity into his argument. Of course. You know what I'm saying? But at the same time, you're LeBron James, You know what I'm saying? You have a con to, to me, these type of arguments almost belittle what you've done. Right. It's, it's, it's almost to the point of well, yeah, I mean, I won a couple of chips, right. Which is something to celebrate, but I didn't win it as many chips as someone else, which other people would look down on. That's okay. And and what does that really, just like you said, right? Everybody's watching everything. We answer to the experts, then we answer to the amateurs and then we answer to the observers.


You know what I'm saying? It's one thing to not watch E-E-S-P-N right? But it's another, and it's another thing to put the phone down, but even the people around you will see what's being said. You're going to get that information back. You know what I'm saying? You just gotta, you just gotta be able to eat. I, I feel like at this point you just gotta eat all of that stuff. Yes. You know what I'm saying? But is this, is he, is he saying that I don't need that to be considered great. So is he saying but he got it. I'm one of the great and a that, that's my thing. Is he trying to say, am I one of the greats and that my lack of chips don't matter? No. 'cause to the people coming up behind you, like you look like you holding a a, a hot hand right now.


Right. And, and You know, in the, in the scope of stage. Right? Right. In the full scope of very good. I think the thing is bun is that, bro, you got more regular season points, more playoff points. You're the only guy, I mean, you're the only guy that's, that's topping in points, rebounds, and assists. I mean, no guy that has as many assists points that you got is even in the top 10, you're in the top five in a sis. I mean, you, you you, you got 40, 11 and 11 40,000 points. 11,000 rebounds, 11,000 a assists. I think the only guy that maybe even can approach that is Luca. And I don't think Luca's Body's gonna allow him to play that long. I just think the thing, and he, this is what he said, LeBron compared the way greatness is measured in other sports, noting athletes like Dan Marino, Barry Bonds are still celebrated regardless of their championship total.


Yes. We still celebrate Barry. And some people might, and, and even though some people might say Barry is the greatest running back they ever saw, but it's hard when you got Tim Duncan with all these rings. If he got these MVPs, he got finals MVPs and to put somebody that doesn't have any in front of him. This is true Dan, and he's right, he said, added that a championship is a team accomplishment and shouldn't over overshadow personal impact or skill while asking for people to appreciate what these athletes had done, but like trying to nitpick an individual because he was not able to win a team game or a team match or whatever the case may be.


I don't know where it started. It's just as long as it's a conversation, especially when it comes like, You know me individually, it is just weird. You just gotta be careful when you, when you are somebody like LeBron and you make statements like that, You know what I'm saying? People can construe that. Like, it's almost like you're talking to yourself. Right. Right. That that's how some people could take that statement. Like you talking to yourself like, look man, I I don't have to be conceed. You don't have to have what everybody else had to be considered one of the greats. Because I would imagine what he's alluding to is the fact that I don't have what they all have and I'm considered right. One of the greats, I'm always in the go conversation, which is, that's a fair point. He got the second most finals MVPs, he's been more first team all NBA selections.


He's gotten more all NBA all, all NBA selections. He's been to more Allstar games. He's won MVP behind Kobe for the most MVP Allstar games. When you look at his total body of work, there are very, very few people now when he talks about Barry Bonds. Barry Bonds got the most home runs. He's got the most walks, he's got the most intentional walks. He's got 500 home runs. Nobody, nobody's even close. I mean, if you just, just take away, if you take away Barry Bonds, when he went to San Francisco, he's still a hall of famer. Absolutely. 'cause he had three MVPs and he had almost 500 home runs before he even stepped foot before he even in San Francisco. He got and put on that uniform. He was already, he still loved Golden Gloves because he was legit a five tool player.


He could hit for average, he could hit for power, he could run the base pads. He was a tremendous defensive player and his eye. Because what people don't realize, unless you're old enough to remember, Barry came up as a lead off hitter. So You know the type of eyes that you got because the most important thing for a lead off hitter is to get his ass on base. Get on base. It doesn't matter. He can hit for single, he can hit for a double hitter over the fence. But I need you on base because now I got my guys to push you. The, the second, the the second hitter. He gets you the second, you still third now my guy, get a sack fly or get a rib, drive you in whatever the case may be. So Barry always had that eye. Now he could hit for, for true power.


I get what he's saying. I get what he's saying, like Barry Bonds. But those guys, like, he's looking at Barkley. Barkley didn't have the most points. Marino when Marino retired. Merino had the most touchdowns, he had the most yard. So it was, was e It was easy for you to make that comparison. Now, I don't think we would talk about Kareem because big men don't get credit anyway because Kareem got six MVPs and people forget that. And Kareem got six. He got more than anybody. I feel the all time league scorer and people I remember in 1984, Thomas and Matt because, but I don't know if people used to do, they used to, because nobody really would follow the NBA like that. They would go different places like Boston would play in Hartford trying to get fan support.


The harks would play in New Orleans trying to drum up fan support. The Lakers traveled to Las Vegas to get fan support. That's where he broke it at in 1984. Thomas and Matt, Welcome to the U versus U podcast. I'm Lex Rero and every week we sit down with some of the biggest names in entertainment. We talk about the real stuff, the struggles, the doubts, and the breakthroughs that made them who they are. We go deep from childhood trauma, family overcoming loss, and the moments that shaped their journey. These honest conversations are meant to take the cape off our heroes with the hope that their humanity inspires you to become a better you and therefore set you free to live the life of your dreams.


Here's a sneak peek. I'm trained to go compete. I'm trained to be like, go harder. But sometimes that mentality stops you from stopping and smelling the flowers in your own gardens. Is it wrong to want More? We migrated our family, migrated here. I'm like second generation. Listen to you versus you as part of Michael two Podcast Network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next.


In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming, how she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets.


Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. My thing is when, when, like who, whose validation is that? Like that's not a, that's not a general state to me. When someone like LeBron James, who is probably one of the most covered athletes on the planet Right, has has dealt with more people in the media space than, than anyone else possibly in sports from, from his teen years all the way up to now.


Just his children are older than he was. Some of his children are older than he was when he entered this media world, right? Yes. Whose validation does that statement Harkin to? I wonder when you say some would say, some would say, I feel like You know, it, it's, it's almost like there's someone who keeps invalidating his contributions that he's trying to prove wrong. And that's why I say I don't know if he is talking to them on himself. You know, is that, is that something that, that he keeps in his mind, right? Yeah. To remind himself you're great.


You know, it's, it's almost like self motivational speaking type of thing. You know what I'm saying? Right. Because I don't want it to look like he trying to downplay people's opinions of what he does. Right. Those I, I don't even, I I swear it. You're not gonna please everybody though Bond. I, but You know, but that's always been the thing about LeBron, like he really wants to be seen a certain way by people he like, You know what I'm saying? Where Kobe and Ma, Kobe and Mike were like, kiss my butt, which is LeBron. I think LeBron is bun me and the little bit that I've been around him, he's genuinely a nice guy. He really wants to be like, he's, I mean, like I said, I don't know him. I mean You know, some people might say whatever, whatever.


But I just know in the little bit that I've been around him, he's, he's a, he's a likable guy and some guys like to be liked. Some guys don't care. If you like Mike, do not, does not care if you liked him. Or I shouldn't say Ed liked L-I-L-I-K-E or L-I-K-E-D. Right. Liked or liked Kobe rest. His soul was the exact same way. So I think I, I think LeBron and I think what you're speaking to is the fact that LeBron, because of all this media training that he's had all of these years, LeBron feels like he's always done the right thing. Yes. Said the right thing, played the right way. So I don't understand why everybody is not on the same accord when it comes to, to what I've done.


You know what I'm saying? But it's because we've had people who have had our, You know, LeBron James was born to play basketball. Yes. You know what I'm saying? Like physically, like he was born to play the game. Everybody wasn't like that. Mike had to work to get there. Kobe had to work to get there. They weren't inherently born with these physical traits that LeBron was given. That body, that height, that speed, that size. And the thing you, You know what, sometimes familiar familiarity breeds resentment because LeBron is cool, cool with everybody else. They feel like they can take shots at him and they know he is not gonna shoot back in that way. You, You know what I'm saying? That's the thing.


Absolutely. I I've, I've been the nice guy. Right. I've been the guy, You know, I, 'cause my brother was a little rough, so I had to try to come in and smooth everything out. But every situation sooner or later, it can't get smoothed out. Yeah. So we, You know, all that trying to keep everybody cool and calm at some point you can be all of that and all And it still get punched in the mouth. Exactly. Because, You know, You know the Bible, the Bible teaches and metaphorically like, Hey, turn the other cheek. But you, you people sometimes you gotta, you get tired of people just, You know, keep saying and do it and do it and do it and say it and say it. Hey, I ain't gonna turn the cheek. I'm put something on you. Well, people play with you because they know you, you will turn the other cheek.


Yes. Yes. So they anticipate you really not wanting to go there. Right. Every now and then you gotta pull to the side and be like, Hey man, I'm a dog. Walk you bro. Like, I'm, I'm I, I a dog. Don't, don't, don't play with me like that. Just 'cause I don't, don't mean I won't. That's always been my motto. Just 'cause I don't, don't mean I won't be, especially you are in someone like in your position or my position. Because the more public you are, the less likely you're going to retaliate. And they take kindness for weakness. Oh, he's on television. Oh, X, y and Z. He's in, he got a business, he's this and that. So why would you, why would you even try to get me outta character? First of all, You know that. So why not just, just keep it moving?


I understand every, I'm not everybody's cup of tea. Everybody. I, as a matter of fact, I don't really care for tea. So I understand everybody's not gonna care for Shannon Sharpe. Everybody gonna care for Bun or whomever the case may be. But I just think sometimes that's a losing battle. Well and I never had to. Sometimes you just gotta say, You know what, it is what it is. You don't like me. But I know there's enough people out there that do, there's a term that's used now for people that I don't wanna run across and that's crash out. I don't, I don't want to be in a position to deal with nobody that ain't got nothing to lose. I got too much to lose. Yeah. I can't play with people like that. I got to just go on by my business. Right. So, and I look, I keep looking at my door because I'm waiting for somebody to knock on it with a shaped bottle Poitier package.


Okay. Because you done had a burger and I ain't had no liquor. I'm supposed to be sipping on something right now. You supposed to be sipping on something right now, bud. But You know what, we gonna get your address. I'm gonna, I'm gonna get you taken care of. I appreciate it. I appreciate it. That'd be a nice little way to make the evening go by right now. Doc Rivers is pushing back against the trade speculation involving Giannis. It's so ridiculous. And I've heard all these reports. You hear all the stuff but you don't like when you hear it, you're like, You know it's not true, but still your players hear it and everybody else hears it. I don't know how many times Giannis has said he wants to be a buck and he wants to win a title with the Buck. And it's so cool to me because it's not the way, it is, not the way it's done anymore, but with certain guys, I don't think Steph Curry would ever leave Golden State ever.


I'm always hoping. Obviously Giannis feels the same way. That's the way it's been for so, so far. And it's been great. It's been awesome. Yeah. But the one thing that, that, that Steph knew is that he knew Bob Myers and now Mike Dun Dunlevy and ownership of the Warriors would do everything humanly possible. Even if it means being in the luxury tax and even being in that separate apron second apron year after year after year. Does Janni feel that same way that the Bucks can put a team around him given the assets that the limited assets that they have that can put them in contention to win or to compete year after year Bun?


There's a totally different situation. 'cause every organization isn't like the Warriors and Doc knows that. I think the reason we are still in limbo with this whole thing is because Janice is not the one to show that. You know what I'm saying? His nature is not to buck the system. You can see that he really Yes. Wants this to work. I believe. I believe he wants to win on that team in that city. I believe that. Yeah. He doesn't look like the kind of person that's like, oh well let's go to LA or let's go here. He doesn't. I feel like that's the perfect city for a person like him and his nature. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. That being said, something's gotta give.


I don't believe this organization will leave him behind. I believe they'll give him, if there was somebody, he said, we need this guy. They'd give him that guy if humanly possible. I don't see him wanting to leave that city and that team, but, and I, I don't think he feels like he's in a position where he has to right now. I do believe there's gonna be some pieces that are gonna be available in this off season that if they could go and get one or two pieces that make him a little more comfortable. I don't think he wants to leave, I don't think he wants to start over in a new city with a new team, with new ownership. That doesn't seem like, like John is just ready to, I just want to go where I can win.


He doesn't have that. You see that in other players. Yeah. That are willing to go and leave a, a team or leave an organization. I just want to go where I, I feel I can win. That's, that's primarily the reason why most guys say they want to leave is either money or the competitive nature of the organization. You know what I'm saying? I don't think he really wants to leave Now I'm a Rocket fan, so I I'm all for it. Break his ass on down here. You know what I'm saying? I, I would love for him to be to lead. Because y'all might get KD though. Well there, those are two different types of players to two different reasons. Kds are what now? Like if you bring KD into your organization, you Think you one piece of way. Yeah. Hell, you bring Gs in, you Think you one piece away. Yeah.


But if you bring Gs in you one piece of way that can work for you for another five potentially seven years. For sure. For sure, for sure. Yes. You know what I'm saying? You've gotta, that's why I say Kevin Durant is we, if we bring him in, we got a two year window. You think? Do you think that's it? No, I think that's what teams think. Okay. Okay. That's my thing. I think, I think the age and, and the salary is going to put people in a position where we just can't do it. And you, but you see where he is looking. He's looking for teams with tax breaks. Yep. Right. But I do, I think what Jonas, I think Jonas is a very wholesome, very family kind of guy. I haven't heard anything about them being wild or whatever. 'cause if, if he wanted a lifestyle, he wouldn't stay where he is at. I think that's, that city and that community is just enough for him, right?


Yep. Because going to LA would be, if he leaves it to go to LA or a or or a major major market, they're gonna demand a lot more of him. You know, I feel like Jonice could go to the bakery, Johnny could go to the dry cleaners and that lends us up to his lifestyle. You know what what I'm saying? Correct. But certain other cities would demand the more out of him. 'cause they're a lot more media driven. They're a lot more sponsor driven, You know, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And I think that would, I think that's a reason that keeps him with the books. 'cause he's the biggest fish in that pond by fall. Yeah. But, and I, You know, and I mean not only the team, even in the city, You know what I'm saying? In the state, he's, he's one of the biggest deals there.


Lemme ask you. I think that's a comfortable place to be if they can get in those pieces. Lemme ask you this and he's the guy that'll not to cut you off saying he's the guy that'll let some bread go to. Yeah, I believe that. But lemme ask you this. Giannis has had success. He's won a championship. Once you start having success, you crave it. It's like success is a drug. I don't care what anybody tell you. You know this bond, I know this success is a drug and you crave it and the more you have it, the more you want it. And the last thing that you want is that you have a taste of it. And it's almost like they let you sample it. You sample you like you buy. Okay? He sampled that success a championship.


Now that's all that matters. He's got MVPs, he's got defensive player of the years. The only thing that matters to Giannis now, how many more will he stack? I don't think Giannis leaves for this in this next season. I don't think he leaves that quickly. You know? Okay. And You know, but I do think it, this may be the last shot. I believe he's trying to be as patient as possible, but like you said, he's tasted it and I think he's, he's got enough, he's got enough basketball wisdom and IQ to see if I was here, this would be over. If I played for this team, this wouldn't have even been a question because this guy plays that position much better than my guy.


This guy coaches these situations better than my guy. You know what I'm saying? But Giannis is not a, he's not a rock the boat kind of guy. He just don't seem like that to me. I feel like that's the kind of dude you got to really mess over him or for him to really feel unappreciated. And I don't think he hit that wall right yet in Milwaukee. But I do think they got, they might have one more season. They on the clock though. Yeah, absolutely. They got one more season. We gonna see what you doing off season. We gonna see what you do in Allstar break. And if this tide ain't shifted something gotta get something's, gotta get South Carolina quarterback Le Norris Sellers turns down an $8 million NIL to transfer to a d different school.


Leno's father told his son, you're 19, you don't need $8 million. You are in a great spot. Lemme ask you this bun. Do you think NIL is ruining college players? Because some are pro prioritizing the bag over a great situation. I think it's, it's, it's, it's a blessing and a curse. Right? You know, like I know a lot of these young, young, young players predominantly from communities of color. This has always been a pathway to success. To, to change the, the, the scope of how your family dynamic exists to change things from check to check the generational wealth and the draw to go and play in the NFL was what drove people for the most part through high school, through college to try to get to that big payoff.


Well, with NIL being in, in inserted now, it's a blessing because kids don't have to wait that long. And You know, like I know that's a very, it's a very small number that gets into the FL for sure. And even smaller, they get that big deal out the door and gets that money. And so the opportunity to take care of your family and to set those things straight earlier is, is obviously a great thing for people to have. But You know, like I know when some people get that check, they, they stop giving a thing. They, they, it really, it really can stop the drive for people because be like, oh man, well I just signed this big check five years and You know, $180 million and all like that. Yeah. But now you are the face of the organization.


Now you're the biggest cultural export from the city that you play for the whole, the dynamic for all this shit starts changing when that money come. You know what I'm saying? If for college players that potentially might not make it into the NFL and there's a substantial number of those people, even if they get NIL Shannon, we know it's only gonna be four or five people that get real money. Exactly. There's only, and I think that's something that we don't talk about enough when it comes to NIL and college athlete gameplay is that yeah, there's a lot of money that gets inflicted into these universities and there's a lot of money that's available, but that's gonna go to skill player. Right. You know, that's gonna go to, to to skill player, quarterback, running back wire receiver.


Absolutely. People that put numbers on the board, that's who or the SAC master, right? Yeah. Something like that. Yeah. You know the past Russia guy like that. So if you can get that money, get it, that's fine. Everybody gets money doesn't stop being driven, but if money's the deciding factor, determining factor, then yeah, that could be something that would stop somebody from wanting to go further. And yeah, if you could get the money and you don't have to go in the NFL and and risk your body and risk that pain and you've got a plan to do something with that money, I think it can work for you. I think it works to your benefit. But if you think happened through the portal from school to school is going to increase your value, you've got another thing coming that's not going to work for everybody.


Like if you've got a situation where You know, you, You know there's money waiting for you, that's fine, but, and if you Think you taking that money now and it doesn't help you, that's the other side. Let me be clear about that. If you think a organization wants a, a university wants to pay you to come and play for that school, but you don't think they're contenders and you don't think it's gonna, You know, look good on you, on your record to play for a school that doesn't really have a good chance at winning anything, then I don't see how you get to the next check if that's all you worried about is that check. Right. You know, so it's a lot for families to navigate. I I've seen players whose parents are, You know, they right now, like the high school parents are like, no, my boy's finna go to this college.


It don't matter what college you go to, they gonna cut him a check. They're like, parents are actually saying that they are, they're saying that right now. So, You know, I wish the brother the best, but I don't, I I think the portal, I think the portal works for probably 10% of the people, A handful of people. I think 10% of people. The portal actually puts you in it. Like you have a skill set that can work almost anywhere. But this, this school will nurture your talent. They will put the right type of talent next to you and you will learn and play and look like you want to, to go to that next level. But I, I just think that's a very small group of people and I think a lot of people are being told that there's a lot of money and let's be real, they can't, A lot of these universities can't even pay you what they said they gonna pay you.


Exactly. We not even talking about that. How many, how many college students are sitting at in on campus with no money because the coach went open and told you, your mom and your grandmother them what they was going to give you and then you get there and, and Boosters or somebody else like, no, that money's advocated for the boy we got coming from over here, The volume. I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core.


There's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience Is that they feel seen. Listen To good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hi, I'm Sarah Spain, host of Good Game with Sarah Spain and the co-author of the new book Runs in the Family, an incredible true story of football, fatherhood and belonging, written with and about Las Vegas Raiders Running Backs, coach Delan McCullough. It's the story of a football coach and father of four who sees his life forever changed by the unsealing of his adoption records.


And it's got a twist you won't believe based on the viral ESPN story I did a few years ago. This book will blow your mind and bring you to tears by runs in the family wherever books are sold. This is an iHeart podcast.