
Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Whether You're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat in this football season. Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


The Apple Watch series 10 is here. It has the biggest display ever. It's also the thinnest Apple Watch ever making it even more comfortable on your wrist, whether you're running, swimming or sleeping. And it's the fastest charging Apple Watch getting you eight hours of charge in just 15 minutes. The Apple Watch series 10 available for the First time in glossy jet black aluminum compared to previous generations. iPhone tennis are later required charge time and actual results will vary.


The Volume


NFL playoffs, we're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at draftking. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers To get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks. Only at Draftking Sports Book. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Jordan said who's a better driver? Men or women? Who's a better driver? O Joe. Men. And then there are some women that that can drive, but the majority of men are good. The majority of women are bad. They can't even parallel Park. Oh, oh yeah. Hey me, that that Austin Powers clip. Oh yeah. That's the Whoa, She gave, she gave did The wheel. Oh, the wheels came off, didn't it? Oh, she done messed. She Crashed into the little ball.


Lord have mercy. She done wreck that And she take off running. Hey, call the cops. Leave the scene of an accident. Failing to and render aid. You must have been intoxicated, Lord. How? How you drive right into the wall. Yeah. And you gotta, you gotta learn how to whip. You gotta know how to whip that thing Lord. You gotta bring that thing. Bring it, bring it, bring it in and come on Lord have mercy.


I mean she Hey, she stepped on the gas too, aren't you? Too hard? Yeah, she, she drunk. She drunk. Well I don't, I don't, I don't know who she worked for, but I don't know if she gonna be employed tomorrow. Nah. And it's on camera too. She done broke the people And she take off running. That's what got it. Ocho She take off running. What Bam run there. Like what the, She tripping. Ocho watch this. She took off? Yeah, she run in.


She outta here Ocho. What does she do? What does she don't work there. What does she done? Snuck band security And to, to be where she is. They gotta be somebody. 'cause Coach Ryan Day had just walked by too. He was in the car at the front seat. Oh he was? Yes. Oh Lord. They Gotta be somebody er. Oh no. I don't know. She gonna be gainfully employed tomorrow. That's just me. So Matthew Stafford's going to have options. See that's the thing that you, the more options that you have is on you. It's just like a relationship. The more options a woman have, the harder the guy gotta come to and impress.


If you ain't got no options, the guy, if you got options, you make it 10 million, 15 million, 30 million a year. You got options. The dude that ain't got no options, bro. You gotta take whatever. Yeah. Whatever. Like you, you gotta like her. You know, you get my age, you know you, you got a few options. They ain't like they used to be. You know they don't joke. They ain't the options I used to have when I was 35 or when I was 37. You know I'm your boy about to be 57. So you don't every once in and you know your aunt, your aunt gotta get a straggling if necessary.


You know what I'm saying? Don't choke. I give, keep one final with y'all. Yep. Fellas. Hey, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be honest with y'all Chad. Hey, I ain't got it like that. So you gotta be honest. OSHA had options. You know I diesel up ain't, you know what I'm saying? Make it good. It ain't, it ain't just saying about 20. I was at my 30. No, no. You know what I'm saying? Hey, so hey. Oh. So you know, you know what? You like the one got the booty, you know, on the Chevy sitting up there.


You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. Tell me that. Go nice tight. You know, Hey, hey, I be on Instagram, I see them ones like that that come up by explore play. I just go ahead and scroll on up. I know y'all ain't looking at old 57 euro old. So let me go, go by. Let me go look at a watch. Let me look, let me look at a car. Something that Right, right. That I gotta, at least I got answer to get. Huh? Please won't say it bad don't you? Hey listen, the man gotta know his limitations. It's one thing about knowing your limitations, but it's also understanding that they don't know no better. They don't know no better. Okay. You, you have to understand those that they're going to give an opportunity to.


They're competing with everybody else at a chance to be the main. And most of the time you never will be the main because the guy, you chasing a guy that have a roster and a hair and milk women And they got choices, old pole hustler. Like, you know they call me the pole hustler back in the day. Right. I ain't got no s like that. Yes Sir. You know what I'm saying? Oh, Charles, with them old cars, you roll down the window. You know what I'm saying? You know, I ain't got all them surround sign bows or hardened calming, you know, 14 speakers in the car and all that stuff. I ain't got no franc to see. I ain't got nothing tover, you know, massage my back. But I ain't, I ain't got all the s on Me.


Yeah. Listen, a a a age age plays a factor. Now I, I don't think people understand. Boy listen, especially for when it come to women too. And, and fellows, if you gonna to get it and get it done, you gotta get it done early. When you start hitting your thirties, you hit 35 and you, and you hit 40 and thinking you still got the oxygen you have when you were younger. Oh no honey. Oh. Oh no. Wait, Boy listen, you don't, You ain't no sense in life. Yeah. Hate drugs. I don't, I don't care how fine he is. I don't care. I don't care how good you think you look. That Uhuh, you still ain't got the box. Like when you were doing 20. It Ain't what you thinking And Ocho I've been in my thirties and guess what?


Yeah, in my fifties, I, I had in my Little man, I, Yeah, I got, I thought I would be a little bit even more attractive. What? I got old Ben when I got Ben. Right, right. And Thomas Jeffers looking over my shoulder like he is here. Don't he look a little better right now? No, he's still old. Yeah. So that's, That's playfield That's why, that's why Michael, that's right. I, I done hung, I done hung the jersey up in the rafters, man, the jersey up in the rafter. A study by Oxford University researchers found that women typically have five close friends but lose two of them when entering a new relationship due to reduced time or shifting priorities.


However, those losses are often balanced by gaining a new friend, usually through their partner, professor Robin Dunbar tributes the tr the trend to the focused attention on a romantic relationship demands leading to natural fading of some friendships. Hmm. I mean listen, I I'm, I'm, I'm thinking I can only speak from experience. I can only speak from experience. For me, experie is regardless of any relationships I've gotten in throughout the years, my, my friend circle has always been the same. It's always remained the same. Didn't say women. Oh, okay.


I see. I see you're going, I see you going with this. But I, I think That's what they be hating. That what he be talking about. Oh, he ain't nothing on you. He cheat the fee y'all tri because y'all be one of, y'all be trying to keep her, keep her close. Let him spend time with me. Let him spend time with ocho. Right. Most of the time, you know what, her friend girls, they be single. They be single. And I, you know And mad 'cause she won't go to the club with no more with y'all. Right. Your, your single friends will keep those that have boyfriends or husbands single. They want try to want you, they want you miserable with them. They do. They give, they give you the worst advice. They give you the worst advice So you can be miserable with them.


Wow. I can see that Ocho I do because you know, all of a sudden, you know, they used to go to the club, they go to trips to Cancun and they go to Tulum and all that. And now she wanna spend time with her man. She wanna be booed up with me. You know, it depends On the, oh, you ain't got no time, so Oh, you too good to hang out. Yep. Because I'm in a serious relationship. I'm trying to settle down. I'm gonna to get married, maybe have kid, Hey, ain't no kid going, ain't no kids jumping off. Maybe what I might could squeeze out one, I don't know. Right. Have to get this, you know, have to get this, this pipe cleaned out. Little rusty up in there. You know what I'm saying? Don't choke but get that. You know, I might could squeeze out one. Yeah, there you go. Well, you know, you gotta think, especially depending on who you're dating after a while, if you're dating after a while, you know, guys will allow their women take friend girls go on girl trips.


You know, friend girls be going dinner, go to go to outings. You know, I think that's healthy for relationships when women can stick. Oh yeah. I ain't, I ain't got no problem with that. No, you go, Hey, I ain't with you girl. You know, do your thing. Hey, but just know they don't mean no good. I ain't lying on day. Hey, they happen now you got, hey, you got a nice line. You got G wagon, you got this, got this big old house. Yeah. Go. You ain't gotta work. You got somebody clean the house three times a week. You got somebody preparing the meals. Hey, your family taking care of blah, blah, blah. Hey, Don't mess that Up. Don't mess that up. Now. Well for you be out there like them texting three different people to to, to make ends meet.


All right. She get the purses. Another one, get the shoes. Another one. All Right. Yeah. You get flowers once a week. You get flowers once a week. Matter of fact, I done bought you a garden. So you go pick your own flowers, man. Five Fly girlfriend. See women got more friends. Women, women normally have more friends than guys, don't you? Yeah. Yeah. Most. And when, when I'm talking about like close friends, like I'm saying like, like you'll actually like talk to, you know what I'm saying? Like share things with Nah, because see for me, if I tell somebody something and I hear it again, I already know where it came from.


'cause I ain't talking with two people. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. See girl, like, and see when somebody tell me something Ocho man can I tell you something? Okay. Before you tell me who else have you told? Right? Right. Because I don't want you come back, bring your ass over here talking man. Did you tell hell no. Who did you tell? I didn't want to tell nobody that bull job that you told me. So before you tell, tell me who did you tell man? I told, I say see. Okay, now don't tell me. Hey, you know what? Hey I, this is another question since we on the topic. How come women friendships never really last.


Especially when it's a group. If they go on a trip together, they come back, be Beefing together. Ain't nobody friends no more. They go to dinner parties, you know, everybody split the bill then they're not friends no more. Yeah. Like there's always a story or situation, especially on Twitter or actually whatever you wanna call it, where it's always happening and it happens continuously. And regardless of age, the teenagers, the older group, even the old, the, you know the of age. Everybody be going through it. Boy. I'm like why does it always happen with women? They can never remain friends for a very, very long time. They always end up falling out about something that's so simple. They give a girlfriend one chance, but they give, they give jojo, he get 30 chances and mess up.


But the girl give one chance. She don't come to my birthday dinner. Know I ain't, I ain't talking to that bitch. No. Yeah. I, women come, come ojo, like, like I, I I, I, I guess I think I'm unique. Like I ain't a guy. Like, like if I like my, first of all, I ain't gotta worry about this 'cause bucket and burns married, but If Right My homeboy's like okay you interested in somebody, I'm good because I always felt that if you try to holler at me, you try to get back at them. You try to tick them off. I ain't trying to tick my homeboys off. Now. There are some new, some men, your boys.


Yeah. You turn your back. They like Yeah Because you know back, back with your old, old old sha you know each have had a stepper. I kept a stepper. You know what I'm saying? Yes Sir. And, and I, if didn't, they didn't, nobody wanted what I, what I needed for. I need a looker. Yeah. You are supposed to be a looker Turn. I need you to turn heads now. And I'm always getting there first. 'cause I want you to walk in. 'cause I wanna see the reaction. I Don't care if the guys look, I wanna see the women that look because in they look I know I got something.


I know I got a, I know I got a winner. Right. That's what you need to look, look here guys, they hit the crack of dawn and then they ain't saying nothing. They ain't saying nothing for them. Right. But when them women look, ooh, okay. I like what she got on, you know? Yeah. Yeah. You know she got on some Tom Ford heels or some ysl, maybe some Balenciaga boots. Yeah. You know the Valencia got them Kneehigh boots right now? Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh, oh yeah. Yeah. They in season now. It's winter, it's cold. For sure. For sure. With a nice bag, you know, playing YSL, Dior, lv, you know what 'em old nice ones.


Yeah. Man. Ain't nothing like, ain't nothing like a beautiful woman. Nah. Ain't nothing like those. Yo. Listen, God knew what he was doing when he made women in general. That is one of the greatest creations ever known to man ever. Ain't nothing like of Ocho a woman that, that work out just a little. I ain't say she, that's gotta be her life. Right. But just a little Ocho. Yeah. Lord, forgive me for my ways. Tough, tough.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the lead. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


The new year means new health goals, not just for your body but your finances too. But did you know financial health is directly related to identity protection? You need LifeLock because your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based Restoration Specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed. Or your subscription money back don't face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/iheart and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/iheart terms apply.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about Faye this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. All you out there that are, spend two hours talking about the games and we will, in the last seven years and night games, they've come in and haven't scored 20 points. And you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this. We'll, we'll talk about books and, and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you Will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Oh, it's such a clutch off season pickup, Dave. I know, right? I was worried we'd bringing back the same team. Oh no, I meant those blackout motorized shades. MVP of the room. W.com made it crazy affordable to replace our old blinds. Hard to install. No, it's easy. Even you could do it. Nice. I installed these and then got some from my mom too. You fly across the country to do the install. Nope. blinds.com can do it all. All she had to do was pick what she wanted. She talked to a design consultant for free and scheduled a professional measure and install. Look At you. A Hall of Fame son. Oh, I just picked the winning team. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in the world. Oh, Blinds.com is the goat, the Goat Shop blinds.com right now and get up to 45% off select styles. Plus a professional measure and a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Save up to 45 percent@blinds.com. blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


Mike, if you can go back, I know it was November and here we are in late January. If you could recount the events as you remember, as vivid as you possibly can. Yeah, I can remember. It wasn't too long ago, I was leaving one of my real estate job sites in the inner city, wrapping it up for the day. It was about five 15 to me. About 45 minutes to get home. Right. So I'm, I'm proud to go home saying it's something I I, I want you to know is when they say it's a a fluent neighborhood, it's one of the most wealthiest neighborhoods in Ohio. Wow. Congrats. And my house, my house is the best house in, that's what I'm talking about because I come on now.


I've found it from scratch. I'm an architectural designer. I bought the land, I financed the land, designed it from scratch and I built it from the ground up using all my resource. So proud to come home. I'm pulling up, checking out my Christmas lights. We just put up for the holiday season and there happens to be a lady in the driveway with two kids. So I don't think nothing of it. Kids coming in and in and outta my house all the time. I got kids, got a family over here. I don't think nothing of it. I think, I think she's looking for the front door. I say, Hey, are you, are you looking for somebody? She doesn't answer. She didn't proceed to go to the porch.


So I'm like, okay. So she probably coming over. So I pull in the driveway, I'm about to park and she rings the doorbell and comes to the, the, the front of the front porch and stops me and says, do you live here? And I said, yeah, I live here. She said, well, I don't don't think so. So I Well, what are you doing here? She says, I don't think you live here. Picks the kid, kid up, drops the stroller, hops off the porch, starts running. And I hear screaming, yelling for help. At that point, now I'm in fear. I'm in fear because I, I know what we face as black men in America.


So I rushed to the garage, park in the garage, come in the house, my wife in the office. I said, babe, some white Caucasian lady. She just jumped off our front porch screaming, yelling for help. I don't know if she gonna call the police. I'm pacing back and forth. I don't know what's about to happen. 6:00 PM regular day. We pacing back and forth. I, I don't at this point I, I'm like, I don't know what's about to happen. She comes back before the police gets here. I don't want to go outside. I don't want to go outside with them outside.


And the police pulls up and we're, I, I don't know what's going to pop off. If the police pull up, altercation happen. Anything could happen. Right. I know they're gonna try and do it. So my wife's come outside and she just wants to, wants to figure out what's going on. 'cause she's in shock. And I let her say how she end up coming outside or whatnot. Okay. When he come and when he came home and he said, you know, I was gonna ask you, oh, go ahead. He comes into the house, he says, babe, there's a white lady standing on my, on our porch. She's running, yelling, screaming. I don't know what this is about. And so what's going through your mind when he explains what he just encountered?


I was in my office working and I'm confused. I'm not understanding what's going on. Like what do you mean there's a white woman running through her for help? Remember, help for what? He's like, I don't know. And immediately, ma I just, my heart dropped. I'm like walking and pacing back and forth. Like, okay, just wait. Just wait. Okay. Well what happened? Nothing. I was just fool in the house. And I'm like, what is she screaming for? He's like, I don't know. And I'm like, I feel, what, what? And I keep opening up the door because I feel like the police is gonna come here. Somebody's about to come here and I don't know what's gonna happen. I don't even know what fully happened. I didn't hear, I didn't hear anything. I'm in the house working.


So she Go And so I kept opening up the door and that's when I came out. So she called. So she did end up calling the police. She did end up calling the police. She police. Okay. So let me ask you a question. Now. This happened in November. The video just recently got released. What caused you guys to release? Because I'm glad this is on ring camera because you are absolutely right. Had this not been captured on camera, on video, we all, we already know the story that was gonna be told and how it was gonna be spun, but you guys had it on camera. What made you guys finally decide to release it? Well, I actually released the video in our community Facebook group.


Oh. We have a community Facebook group, about 500 or so people. And it, ever since I've been like, we've been chatter, we've been upset, we've been, it is, it's so many different factors and so many different feelings. So many different feelings. I picked a video in our community Facebook group to share what happened. And it took a lot for me to do that. And then we woke up and the video everywhere. You, you, you know what? Funny, it's one thing to experience racial profiling in public, you know, in public. I'm sure we all have stories where it happens in, in that setting both for it to happen in your own home.


I mean, it can be, it can be unsettling, it could be, it could be uncomfortable. Especially when it comes to a place that you call a a, a place of, a place of peace that we all, we can all get away from, you know, from the outside world. Has that affected your sense of sense of security and trust in the neighbors? And, and have you reconciled in any way with the neighbor who caused these issues? Of course there's a lack of trust. Of course. It makes us feel unwelcome and unsafe. We have two boys and he leaves our family, he protects our family. So to know that we can't go walk the dog or someone looking at us is, is what's gonna happen.


It's a lot of weight, it's a lot of pain and it's a lot of emotion. I can steer it and he's desensitized to this. I still hear it in your voice. So of course it, it not once have we got, I thought the next day maybe there will be some, a flowers at the door saying apo. Not once has this person reached out to us, forgive us a clear apology. Wait. Whoa, whoa. A-O-A-A-I reached out to a OA immediately after it, it happened. Nobody said anything. Nope. Immediately after it happened, I reached out HOA ghosted me. Wow. For lack of better word. Can I, can I ask you this?


Prior to that night, prior to that incident, had you ever seen this woman prior to this incident? I've been in the neighborhood for three years. I built the house from the ground up. I know the developers in the neighborhood. I lived in the front of the neighborhood while I built the house. I walked to the job site every day. So have I seen her eye for eye? No. I've walked by their house and seen them on the front. So you see When we, when they came I didn't recognize Go ahead ma'am. Go ahead. I didn't recognize them, but we, but I was gonna say it's a 90%, 90% or more of the neighborhood is predominantly Caucasian.


So where one of one black families in the neighborhood. And our house sits all the way in the back of the neighborhood and the people ride by and take pictures every day. And there's a lot of publicity with our house. So it's, it it, it really was, it it it was shocking because they stay to theyself in the neighborhood. Lemme ask you this. When you walk up and you ask, what can I help you with? And she says, is this your house? And you say, yeah. And she says, I don't believe you. When someone tells you they're standing on your porch and they tell that's not their property, and they tell you that this is not your property.


What, what went through your mind when someone is standing on your porch and they say, well, you don't live here. Mm. Well, that's when I was battle tested as a black man, as a man at in the prisons. That's, you know, had to transition and learn how to put pride and ego to the side and control your emotions. Okay? That's when that kicked in. That was the, that was the ultimate battle test. 'cause in my mind I said the audacity, the audacity of her, that was in my mind. But I could, I had to control my emotions in the moment because I knew where it could have escalated at.


I'm thinking, well, what if she, what if she had a, a gun? Correct. Would she have been running or would I have been running? Is this a situation? Because now she said, well, you have to see it from my point of view. No, I don't need to see anything from your point of view when you standing on your, you know, what on my porch. But for her to say, well, you didn't say, well, I really live here. I live here. I don't have to identify myself. This is mine. Why do I have to tell you who I am when you standing on my property? It is, I mean, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it took everything out of me, you know, not to get outta character. And especially when they came back, you know, she brought her husband back.


He was real standoffish. I was, I was scared to go outside, but I, I sat on it, I was listening. I said, I can't let my wife sit out here with these people. What if the police pull up? Right. So, you know, IIII, I went outside and I just had to make my face numb. And I had to let them know, I do live here. A black man does live here. I did build this house from the ground up. I did design this house. I, I, I had to show my face. And soon as I came outside, you could tell they switched it all the way up. Let's get outta here, let's go. They switched it all the way up. When the police arrived, what did the police say? Okay, what, what, what was the side of the story that they told the police?


And then what did the police, what was the interaction once the authorities arrived? I didn't get in the house. I didn't talk to the police. I'm clue I'm not about to come out there with them. Those police might done me die. So you let your wife I hit in app. So You let your wife have I let her handle that? She can stay. Okay. What? Yeah, I made, I mean, I made a report. I made a police report. It was emotional to make a police report because we all know what happened. And you called the police. So I had to think to myself, do I go outside? Is or do I let him come inside? Do I sit up? Do I stand down?


Do I let mys do I do I let my son be stand here? How do I explain this to him? And even explaining and sharing that this lady racially profiled that she ran from her house screaming. There's no telling what people can think. My son came home from work who's 17 and said, mom, what if I was checking out the trash? What if she had a gun? What are the what? Like, what's going on? Why are the police here? That's crazy. Hey, the, the, the, But I knew I had to make the report. Hey, hey. Despite the difficulties of, of the situation you've been through, have you guys, or are you guys moving forward with reclaiming your sense of safety, being that it is home and in, in any way despite them not, you know, giving sincere apologies or letting you know that we welcome you here in our home, especially HOA and the neighbor itself.


Do you still have hope and motivation to keep sharing your story from this point on? For others that might encounter these situations in ways they can prevent things from happening and being able to deescalate those situations? 100%. I have nothing against their family, but I, I grew up dealing with this all the time. So we still have to live here. They live two streets over. We have to ride by each other's house. I'm okay with being cordial with riding by each other's house. I have no issue with them. The issue is getting a word out here and letting, letting my situation and what I've been through and what I overcome, be inspiring to people in the world.


People that look like me. So I'm, that's the space I'm in. And I'm thankful for God because I didn't ask for her to show up on my porch. This is God's movement here. This is God telling me that people need to hear your story. You need to inspire, you need to tell people what's going on and use this so that hopefully this won't happen to the next person or the next person that comes across a caring situation. They will know how to control their emotion. Because us as black man, especially young black man, we struggle with that. We struggle with that impulse, with that, that acting.


We have, we, we, we think irrationally and we, we never think ation. So I'm here to inspire people. I'm a real estate developer. I build houses from the ground up, single family houses. But I thought that moving into the most wealthiest neighborhood in Ohio, that this was the right thing to do. But maybe my focus needs to be building communities. That's for us and by us, so that we can inspire people that look like us. We can, we can build a community. That's for us. Can I ask you a question?


You said something very interesting. You said she lives two streets up from you. So you mean to tell me she went two streets out of her way to try to find out who lived in this home? Not, not, not on your street. Who not on your block, not on your street, not on your block. Not next to you. Two streets. It's two streets up. But it's, she's all the way north. We're all the way ta It's multimillion dollar housing back here. The lots are big. So it is two streets, but it's still, we could go 30 days, 1690 days without seeing each other. Okay. So she went out of her way. Lemme ask you this.


She met, she, she issued an apology. She also said that she reached out to you and tried to apologize multiple times, but she hasn't had a response from you. Has she tried to, did she apolo try to apologize to you in person? Or was it through this video? No. That you guys have seen? She Has not tried to apologize to us in person, via phone, via the knock at the door. Via a phone call, via email. No, only the live videos. Now, apparently, if we were, were to believe what the report says, that this woman has a history going back as far as 2018 of creating these situations and then making herself out to be a victim.


Have you guys seen that? Have y'all seen any of those reports? That's, that's being circulated? I have not seen that. I have not seen Can I ask you this? I wanna ask you this. Have you thought about, since your privacy, your security, have you thought about potentially even leaving that neighborhood and going elsewhere? Or you saying, nah, y'all not Finn, to run us up outta our home. 100%. I've, I've been in Ohio my whole life and I faced racial discrimination at its highest as peak. I'm a stereotype person. Tattooed, dreadlocks, a man that's in the professional world, in the real estate development world that you don't see too many minorities building multimillion dollar homes.


It doesn't happen here. So we 100% have thought about moving to another state, taking my talents elsewhere, building a community to go on places where we could be surrounded by more people that looked like us, Man. So lemme ask you a question. What was your relationship with the neighborhood? Did you have any inter interaction with your neighbors? Like to the left of you, in the front of you, to the back of you? What was, what's the, what's the neighborhood like? I know it's, you mentioned it's a very affluent neighborhood. There's a lot of, there are wealthy people that live there. You mentioned million dollar homes. What's the relationship with you in the community other than them? With this said individual


Ready to prioritize yourself in the new year, your skin is a great place to start. Dime Beauty, founded by a master aesthetician is more than just a skincare company with four skin conscious categories. Skincare, beauty, body care, and fragrance dime offers simple spa worthy products that will help you enter 2025 with confidence. Whether you're revitalizing your regimen with nourishing products or building one from scratch, dime makes it easy. The work system our all-in-one best-selling routine includes a cleanser of your choice, toner, serums, and moisturizers, taking the guesswork outta skincare for your healthiest, happiest skin. Yet dime's commitment to clean ingredients and sustainable packaging ensures every product is as gentle on your skin as it is on the planet. With thousands of glowing five star reviews and a loyal community, the results speak for themselves. Revive your skin and give yourself the routine refresh you deserve by visiting dime beauty co.com. That's dime beauty co.com. Your best skin awaits.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what your craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply C app for details.


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humidor So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop. From heavy hitters like Unido Monte Cristo Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com, use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap, underage sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers,


Clorox and Diva. Smells like lavender, cleans like Clorox and feels like, Hmm. All right, that could go on for a while. Experience the long lasting freshness of Clorox Tiva now available in Clorox. Tiva lavender Cent Leach uses directed.


So it's the wealthiest neighborhood and they got a saying that once you reach a certain tax bracket race doesn't matter. That's a lie. So it's a lie. But people say that, people say that. So everybody out here, mo majority of people out here, they walk every day. They take pictures of our house, they say hi. You can ask people in the neighborhood, those people are not friendly. They don't say hi. They don't take too many walks. They don't walk their dog, they stay in their house. They are stand off. Oh, so the neighborhood is friendly, but I don't know about them. She Said something very We Participate in Go Ahead. Go ahead Ma'am.


I was just gonna say, we participate in community events and you know, for the most part, the neighborhood is friendly. She posted videos after this happened and the neighbors brought it to us because they picked two and two together. So that's how we even found out that they knew about it. She, she, she mentioned to you as you was walking up, you have to see her point of view. She's walking her kids. It is late at night. If you are that afraid, why you out at night walking your kids if you as afraid as you say you are. Did you, like, did that cross your mind? Like, well, if you say you afraid, why you out here in the dark by yourself? You are married, your husband's not with you, and you got a small child.


So it, it can't be that dangerous. You can't be that fearful of your life. If you choose at night to walk a child, It's, it's six o'clock in the evening. Okay. It gets dark early. But yeah, we thought about that. Of course, I wouldn't be outside walking with No, no. Yeah, but no, not at all. Especially if you, you know, have been through things or, or whatever. Like, I'm not walking that night period. Oh, that's crazy. Just simple as that. And as soon as someone tell me that's their house, all, all bets are off. Okay. Let you know. Be scared. Then you walk, walk home. That's it. I, I, I don't know, I guess I just look at things differently.


I've really never walked by somebody house. Oh, you live here? Oh, I definitely, I'm not standing on somebody's porch and asking this, is this their home? If they drive up, I'm in the neighborhood. I see somebody in the driveway or somebody on the porch, I throw my hand up, I keep it moving. I'm not going to stand on someone's porch and ask them if they live here. That's none of my concern. That's just me. Maybe, maybe, maybe I'm, maybe, I don't think I'm unique in that guys. Oh, we ain't, no, that's pri we ain't nosy like that though. We ain't, you know, we ain't nosy like that man. We see somebody, man, we turn up and douce, we say hello and we keep it moving. The first thing we say, we see a nice house, boy. That ain't nothing. I ain't saying it right.


And we keep it moving. It ain't, it ain't our business. You mentioned that you have a 17-year-old son and as black, we have to have that conversation with our black young men. Is that we always, it's always Yes sir. No sir. It's Yes ma'am. No ma'am. When you pull, get pulled over, look, hey, just be as polite as you possibly can because your job is to get that man or that woman to your car, back to their car and on their way as quick as you possibly can. It's not about, you know, all this and all that. We'll fight it in court, whatever it is. If they said I was speeding, if I was improper lane change, I don't have a tail light or what erratic driving. Let's go to court.


We could argue it in front of a judge in front of 12 people. I, I, I can't argue. I gotta have you make it home. Have you had to have that talk with him? Have you had it already? Or did you have to have that talk with him immediately after this incident? Absolutely, absolutely. It was, it was emotional and you know, it was multiple talk. It was multiple talks and even was days where it's like, you know what? I don't know if you should, should go outside and walk with our dog. Right? Let me see. Make sure you go out before it gets dark. It's a lot of weight. It's a lot of weight. You've received a lot of overwhelming support from social media though.


I mean, everybody's been on your side. The social media has come to your defense and like the way, the way you handled it and you mentioned your situation having made some decision in your previous, when you were younger and you learned and you said, look, I gotta channel this. I'm not, I'm not gonna give them the ability to says I'm angry and I have every right to be angry, right? Because I'm in dead. I'm in the right here. But nobody cares about that because all they're going to look as you as a black man, look at your history and bring that into the equation when it had nothing to do with this woman standing on your porch. Think back if you could.


Yeah. People, people gonna watch this. This is gonna get picked up. If you could say if, what would you want people to know about you, your family, and how you handled this situation? I'm a black man in America that's overcame every obstacle that could be thrown at you growing up, making bad decisions, being around the wrong people and being given a second chance to transition. Raising a family, being married. My 17-year-old, I've been there since he was six months. This is, this is this, this is my, it's it's my son, but he's not my biological.


I've raised him as, he's my son. I have an 8-year-old as well. I'm here to inspire people, to show people that control your emotion. Control your emotion. That's a, that's, that's, that's, that's one of the most powerfulest things that a man can do because a dangerous man is a man that can't control his emotion. So a situation like this that's broadcasted across the world, you could see that IIII was given every single reason to act and I still control my emotion. So I want to use this moment, this the, the, these platforms to inspire people, lead people, and to show them what a real man is and what a real man is supposed to do.


You take care of your family, protect your family, control your emotions. And that's what we are here to do. And also build communities. I want to build houses from the ground up. I want to build communities. I want to design high-end, luxury home. These are things that I want to do that I gotta a passion for. That my, my, it's, it's, it's in my bloodline. Custom custom home builds. My grandpa was a custom home designer and builder. These are things that I want to take to the next level and be known for and show people that in the, in the real estate industry, that we can strive, we can survive and we can do what they do and even better.


So that's what I'm here for. Do you have a sense on when or if you'll ever get your normalcy back? Because your life has been interrupted. You didn't ask for this, this, but as you mentioned before, God don't put on any more of this than what we can handle. He chose you. He chose you for a reason and the way you handled yourself in that situation, I'm not so sure a lot of us, because she went out of her way, she had no business on your porch to begin with. You. If she didn't think you lived there, she could ask that question from the street. You don't bring your tail on someone else's front porch and then ask them. That's not your place. Right? I could see if you were at her house and you and I'm, you are asking for direction.


You like, are you lost? Do you need help? She's in your, she's on your property. Did you think about pressing charges for trespassing? We did. And they they threw it under the rug. They filed a police report that wasn't nothing that we told them. We asked for the police report. They never gave it to us. We had to track 'em down to get the police report and looked at it. It was vague. We thought about repressing charges. We did all that. I thought she, she gave me every right. She's on my property. Right? That's self-defense. I could have gunned them down, but I had to hold my composure as a man for my family because even though it was self-defense, it could have been self-defense.


Not for a black man, not for us. Wow. De Michael, thank you for sharing your story with us. We really appreciate it. You handled that thing very well to your wife. What's your name, ma'am? Brittany. Brittany. You and Demic handled it very, very well. I'm not so sure very many people would've handled it with the class and with the, the poise that you did. You every, you did everything right. And even though you did everything right, it seems like everything has gone wrong. She was wrong for coming onto your property. The authorities seem to be wrong for how they've handled this situation. Hopefully you get the clarity, you get the, the judgment, the respect that you deserve in this situation because you did everything right.


And seemingly as of right now, things have gone wrong. Hopefully the Nightcap family, everybody that's in this chat, we're praying for you. That you get your sense of peace, you get your sense of normalcy and you get everything that you deserve back tenfold. Because just talking to you, your good man, Brittany, you are a good woman. Y'all are great family. Yes. And you're doing the right thing. So I tip my hat to you for the way you handled this situation and continue to be blessed. God's gonna continue to bless you because you are a good man and you do great things for the community. And I, I wanna thank you Ocho and I, sir. Yes sir. Nightcap family. Wanna thank you for sharing your story with us.


We greatly, greatly appreciate it. This is gonna go out and you're gonna get an outpouring of, of support. Yes sir. And it still wouldn't be enough for what you guys went through, but I thank you for sharing your story here with us on Nightcap. Continue to be blessed. Continue success and we'll talk to you soon down the road. Andrew Warren said, best friends tell you what you need to hear. Not what you want, not what you want to hear. They do. I've been very fortunate to have those kind of people in my life. Ojo. Like I said, I got my two best friends bucket and burns all a bucket quick to say, oh boy, I love you but I you wrong in this situation. Yeah. And that's the problem in today's era too. You gotta think about it. Whoever is the golden goose, most of the time the people around them are Yes men are people that don't have their best interest at heart.


Look at some of the incidents that have happened in the NFL in the off season. Yeah. Off season is up for a lot of, a lot of people this year. They're gonna be, people that can get in trouble are, they're gonna people, they're gonna be people that get in trouble, that have entourage surround them that won't tell them, you know what you getting ready to do. It ain't a good idea. You know what you've been drinking, you don't need to drive. You know what, I'm gonna drive you home. Matter of fact, we gonna leave a car here, gimme your key. We gonna take a Uber. Yeah. You'll see people that don't have their best interests. 'cause you know, you know, if you, if you challenge the person who's making the money, that mean it might, he might cut your water off. Yeah. So everything is a yes. Yep.


Yes. Not telling them what to do and what's in their best interest. Yeah. I don't really think you should do that by, you know, I love you, but this ain't it. It's different. It's different now. And that's the thing, Ocho you're right, you're right. I I just, for me it's just, I need to know that's your job. Your job sometime is to protect me from me. Oh, that's a, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. That's a good one. Now I got use that, I got to use that in my next argument.


I could use that. But that, but that's why. But that's why Ocho that's why you have, like in certain situations, my partners supposed to protect me even if I want, even if I want a Waller. She like, Hey boy, you ain't finna mess up this money Man. That's a good line I could use. Like, I I'm and I'm gonna deliver it too. Yes. She like, you're not gonna let I, but I was having an argument. She's like, Shannon let that go. Right. Let for what? You willing to risk all that over something petty?


No, that's what I bought. I done bought you in my life, you know, hoping at some point with what I envisioned after explaining my long-term goals to you. I see. I will visualize you as an asset to me. Yes. And I here to be able to protect me from myself. But this what you wanna do. Yeah. Huh. Don't egg It on and Right, right there, right there on that spot right there. When I get that delivery, I'm gonna let a teardrop out the right eye. 'cause if a tear drops out the right eye that let him know you're serious. Yeah. Hey boy, I'm ready. I got, I got that, I got that set up.


I got it right here in my notes. Alright. Here. Had to drop the two point conversion. So he's gonna be, but I, I let look, they said that when I used to kill Tony Romo, I didn't like white quarterbacks. I killed Aaron Rogers. I don't like quarterback. I killed banker. I didn't like black, white quarterback. If I say something by the, oh, I don't like black. I hate my own people so I, I can think I'm doing something right because y'all say I don't really like anybody. When Mahomes doesn't play well, I point that out. Have I not pointed out that Mahomes didn't play well? Of course turnovers help you lose a ball game. My point was people are like, well, you didn't like Joe Burrow.


It ain't got nothing to do with, like I'm saying, his turnovers is costing his team. It doesn't how matter how well you play The Volume,


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery Partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age sale, prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus Tobacco Consumers.


The Unshakable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase, Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and company


Kroger Brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back. Score. Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste you can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone.