
You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of With Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global. Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Whether You're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip, or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery Partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long, Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and one hundred nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses and two free pillows. That's LEES a.com. And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's El Lisa just for you.


This is Ashley Kennett from the Ben and Ashley I almost same as podcasts. You probably know somebody who's on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now. These are really popular medications that people are using to lose weight. If it seems like all other options aren't working for them, go to try fh.com to find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future health.


The Volume.


This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdown is key to hosing Vince Lombardi Trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at DraftKings Sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to DraftKings sportsbook app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five books only on Draftking. Sportsbook the crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Wolf Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now the Jet Nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas that escalated quickly.


OCHO Daniel Jones. Yeah. Officially been waved by the giant. All it took was 10 games from the Indianapolis coastal bitch. Anthony Richardson. In favor. 39-year-old Joe Blackhawk. Kevin's Toky told reporters money that he won't be benching Deshaun Watson in favor Jam Winston. That kres.is planning to undergo season endings. Damn On Partially torn heavy ring. Sunday was another rough outing for the Cleveland Brows offense. But there won't be any changes made to the quarterback position. Kevin Stefanki told reporters money that he won't be benching Deshaun Watson in favor Jam Winston. Following the 2016 loss to the Eagles. I think there were moments obviously that yesterday, I think Deshaun gives us the best chance to win. You're not winning continues to give us the best chance to win.


And we need to play really good offensive football at his position and really at every other position to be What you think, what you, what you thinking, huh? What you thinking now? Now let's, let's, let's think from a business, a business standpoint, you understand how those owners are thinking and you know, Kevin Stefanki doesn't pull the strings on that puppet. If I'm paying somebody that kind of money he's going to play. Even if things aren't going well, I'm gonna try to get my money's worth until I can't no more. I ain't paying, I'm paying the guy 45 million. I'm paying the other guy five to 7 million. He is like, it doesn't make sense. Why would I pay and put him on the bench making 45 million?


Yeah. So I mean, yeah. I mean, so what? I mean, why, why would they make a change? Why would they make a change? I mean him saying he, him saying, Deshaun Watson gives us our best chance to win. Is, is is he wrong or is he right? What you think? Do you think Jamis Winston gives the, the Cleveland Browns a better chance to win at the quarterback position? How about this? He gives you your best chance to win, but you're not winning. Okay. So how good of a chance is it You think maybe it's the, the flag, the flashes of brilliance that you think just the flashes aren't as consistent as it used to be. He says, I think Deshaun gives us the best chance to win, continue to give us the best chance to win. We need to play really good offensive football at his position and really good football at every other position.


Right. To be successful. No crap, Sherlock. Wow. Yeah. That is some that is, that is some great coaches. That is, man, that is some motivational stuff right there. We need the quarterback to play good. Right. And we need to play good at every other position. Well the quarterback has to play the best 'cause he got the ball in his hands all the time. He has the ball in his hands every place. So his decision making and everything he decides to do with the ball impacts and affects everyone else around him offensively. Hell, even defensively. So you make mistakes then they always on the goddamn field on the defensive side of the ball.


I agree. Yeah. He's not playing well. Oh yeah. Yeah. But you keep saying, you say he gives you me. I Just say I'm just, I'm just saying I'm, I was asking your thoughts on what you think. Should they make a change Ocho after three years? Yes sir. I mean it's, I it's tough and I get it. Yeah. When you, when you invest that kind of money. Yeah. A lot of times it's just like anything. It's just like with an investment when you put a lot of money into an investment ocho, it's hard to get off it. Yeah. It's hard to get off it, don't you? Because you wanna see some kind of dividend. Yeah. You wanna see some type of return on your investment. Yeah. Sometimes you gotta cut your losses.


Mm. I got a question for you. That's the heart. I got a question for you. Yeah. So fellas, that's in the chat that you listening to me Now think about this on much smaller terms, but think about it. You're dating a woman, you've been dating her for two or three years and you're thinking about all the money and everything. You've invested in this individual and you just, and you keep on, you keep on trying, you keep on trying the thing just don't seem to be working out and going the way you'd like it to go in the right direction. But you keep thinking about all the time you spent, all the money you spent and invested in this individual. Are you gonna, are you gonna shelf her? Are you gonna tell, you know what I don't want, I don't wanna do this no more.


You know why? Lemme tell you why. Because you don't want her to be what you think she can be with somebody else when you've invested all that in it. See, that's why a lot of teams don't wanna get upset player because what if he goes and be somewhere else? What we thought he could be here. Mm. You done bought 5, 10, 15 YSA Louis Hermes Gucci bags. Balenciaga. You done bought her whip. She won't do Right. Damn. But what does she do Right over there. But think about this. Don, think about this. What if you cut your losses to get the bags and everything you bought?


'cause you can get that back. Right? And then if she does leave and you get rid of that, think about it not being, that's an expense that is no longer on your, on your tab. It's no on your, it's no longer on your plate. And that's okay. I get it. That's okay. I get it. But a lot of people don't think like that because like you said, you made a heavy investment. It's just like you buy a stock or you buy an investment property. If you don't want to get off it Ocho because you thought this was the run property, this was gonna be your Netflix, this was gonna be your Google. Mm. This was gonna be your app. Right. Your Uber, whatever the case may be, that was gonna be your time to hit a lick.


Yeah. That's the funny thing when it comes to investing, that's something that we always need to learn and understand. Everything we invest in, we not gonna get a return on everything we invest in. We're not going to get a return on. So you have to know when to collect the loss and it's okay. 'cause at some point that loss for you becomes somebody else's responsibility. 'cause they ain't doing right by you. Nine times outta 10, they ain't gonna do right by the next motherfucker either. So if a certain individual, if a certain player looks a certain way, it ain't like all of a sudden they gonna go to another team and they gonna be magic and all of a sudden turn around and be somebody else that they're not. I get it bro. I get it.


At the end of the day, Ojo, look, we've all, I ain't say all, but I know I've had to cut losses. Yep. It is what it is. Yeah. Fuck. Hell yeah. I cut a loss in a minute. Oh, you don't play huh? Ojo. It is what it is. Right, right, right, Right. You win something, you lose something. Hell, I can't, one of my nobody and I, I see guys in the chat, Chad. Oh, you simply, bro, you don't even know your woman probably bit over right now. Why you over there bumping him? Everybody, nobody Ocho the thing is, no guy thinks it's gonna happen to him. Oh listen. Or them If you don't, if I, I don't have that. Well, I don't have that kind of ego unc, I don't have that, that kind of ego.


It can happen to anybody. No. It don't matter who he is. It can happen to anybody. Because the funny thing about it, based on experience, and I don't mean to be bringing up a past, I don't mean to be bringing up a past, but listen, we family, we family, I can be honest because I I was on the other side of the spectrum, so I know it can be done because I was number two for years. Stay, stay with me there. I I can talk to y'all 'cause we family. Yeah. So I know, I know what it, I know it can happen. I know the lies. I know the tricks. I know they gotta know all that 56 years to experience. So I would never have ego and thinking, oh hell shit, I'm out though. It can't happen to me. Heck a a fucking fool. I I am not, I'm not the addition of Devonte Adams.


If it can happen at any point, the addition to him, to that just team will help boast that offense and give an Aaron Rogers another threat and adequate that, that i, that he knows he can count on and can win every goddamn down. I just had to throw that out there before we, we, we continued. So I don't, I, the, the, the, the the football guards, if you're listening, let let, let's make that happen. I thought tonight I thought Lazar, I thought he, Garrett Wilson are starting to get on the same page. Yes sir. They're really, really well, obviously Alan Lazar knows him. He played with him in Green Bay. Yeah. So he knows. I mean that throw down in the middle for 24 yards. Not a whole lot of receivers, unless you play with the quarterback, knows that he's gonna back shoulder this thing to me and I'm gonna need to a, it's gonna be low, it's gonna be on my backside and I'm gonna be able to have to go dig it out.


Right. But that comes from experience that comes from playing with a guy. But if, if Devonte were to go there, I mean, hey, somebody gonna be the odd man out. 'cause obviously it's not like they're going to throw the ball 50 times a game. So the question is how healthy is Devonte? How soon you gonna be able to get on the field? Oh, I know he's been out for a couple of weeks. Oh, he, he, he, I'm sure he healthy. I don't think he hurt. He eat Taco Bell. Okay. Taco Bell. Yeah. I don't think, I don't think I, I don't think he hurt. I'm talking about he gonna hit the ground running, you know, count Former head coach six times Super Bowl winning head coach of the head coach Bill Belichick.


Among those who are confused with the just decision to fire coach Robert Sala after just five games. It is a little bit puzzling. It is what it is and everybody has to move forward. It's an honest prerogative to make that decision. And clearly that's what he decided to do. But there have been a lot of things that have been kind of confusing. It hasn't been a great situation for the Jet this year. You can, you can kind of feel that this kind of, kind of Killed no damn what that was Goddamn damn called. Come on now. The jet of two and three. We all know, listen, they both had a book. Roberts had a book and Aaron Roberts had a book. Neither one of them motherfuckers on the same page. We know that. We can see the body language, the mannerisms, they run on the same page.


When they did the press conference talking about the cadence, they weren't on the same page. A quarterback and head coach are always on the same page at all times. They did not get along. Aaron Rogers needs to take accountability, which he has done for his plate. The Jets are two and three right now. The goddamn jets was two and three with Zach Wilson last year at the same time at the week five point. Yeah. Hold on. Stay, stay, stay with me now. I know. I think he gonna jump on me by that. But I'm just saying. So, hey, if based off that you might as well stuck with it, you might as well have stuck with Zach. Aaron Rods has to play better. The defense is playing Well, they're, they're playing. Okay. I'm not saying they're playing lights out like they were last year, but it is earlier the season.


I'm sure they're gonna get better as the season goes on, but we need a little bit more of the Aaron Rods of vol. That's it. We need a little bit more The mistakes. Yeah. The interceptions. You can, you ca you can't do it. You're killing your team. You're killing your team. When, when has he, You know what held Along with any coach? I Don't, I don't even know, know, know, it's funny, when, when I think Was the last time he got along with coach, First time I seen him outside of Green Bay, and I'm not sure if him and Matt Lalo didn't get along. I I I didn't know. Oh. Oh, you really, really? When he, when he went on there and told that that Right. Let Matt Lalu kick the field goal on fourth down.


And he said, oh. And, and and the, the, the, the, the tre I didn't what he had on the sideline. Oh. He got along with Matt Lelo. But I, so I thought Sli tried to hug him after throwing a touchdown and him and push him off and give that look. And I'm like, you know what? Oh, oh, oh. He don't, he don't, he don't like him. Oh, he don't, he definitely don't like him knew. I knew, I knew there was a lack of respect for his coach, but I thought we skipped that goddamn, that goddamn mini cam. Yo, why we making a big deal about that? All I know is the big, Big Big deal because Deal you got, you asked would've got cut, Jan would've got cut. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Ain fine. What Jackie For Skip mini cap.


Go ahead. Mandatory mini cap. Mandatory. Now stay, stay stay with me. All right. Come on. Oh yeah, yeah. I'm, I'm just listening. I'm just, I'm just going out there for a little bit of context, just a little bit of context and understanding. I don't need no context. I been said it. Oh. Oh, Shannon, you hate that man. You hate that man. When I've been one of his staunchest defenders, I, his ability to throw the football is unquestioned. I question some of the things that he does that are not conducive to winning and leadership. You cannot have that guy on a mandatory mini camp unless it is an absolute emergency.


You going to Egypt? I mean, what are you a dignity, you trying to bring peace to the police? We you say is he a what? A Dig. The reason I'll excuse that. If he a dignitary Yes. If he can bring peace to the Middle East. Right. Right, right. By all means go take as much time as you need. But mandatory means that it is required. Voluntary means you volunteer if you come, if you want to. It, it's just like when you volunteer to do charity work, you volunteered. Now if you do something, they will, the just the criminal justice system Right. Will demand you do community service. You see, you see how they do that?


He's required right. To do 50 hours, a hundred hours community service. Oh, Shannon volunteered at Goodwill. Shannon, Shannon volunteered at at at the homeless mission. You see the difference? But everybody made excuses. See what y'all feel. This is what I was like fast. Y'all make excuses when old Chase, I get it. I get it. Lemme take that back on ym. Sorry. It's that doing y'all ain't got no, it's the messenger that's giving you the message. Because had Coach Belichick has anybody else said exactly what I've been saying, nobody would've had a problem with it. But it's because O Shaa said it and y'all don't like when shaa be right. And I don't wanna pat myself on the bat, but Mary Port once told me, said, boy, you got two good hands.


You don't need nobody to pat you on the damn back. Pat yourself on the back. I've been trying to tell y'all for the longest. Y'all see what y'all wanna do. Y'all try to see what, A lot of times what they'll try to do Ocho is that they'll try to undercut you and try to make it about something else. Yeah. What they try to do. But y'all can't fool. Y'all can't fool or shake because I've been in the locker room. I've been a leader in locker rooms. Oh, So you ain't in that locker room. And then when it comes out Oh, oh, oh, no, no. When I said that, it wasn't no problem. It was a problem. Now what's being said? Yeah. Every everywhere. And you know what, bro, and, and it always, it's, it's just always need this quarterback.


Not just as a leader, but to actually lead by example. He got gotta be the one to buy. You gotta To buy in quarterback even though nobody else will. Then everything else is fragmented. Everything else is fragmented. That's why the quarterback position is so important and him doing all the right things because as he goes, everybody else goes.


Everything is more expensive. Now whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store, the last thing anyone wants is credit card debt and a Chime credit builder card. This is a secure credit card. With no annual fees. You can build credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus, you'll have access to my pay and get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday purchases and regular on-time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better credit Home loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime Credit Builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Build your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Bang Corp. Bank A or Stride Bank. A SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out of network. ATM withdrawals and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details.


This ain't the little itty bitty teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at DraftKings sportsbook. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdowns is key to hoisting the trophy and you have a shot to score big by betting on them at DraftKings. Sportsbook the number one place the bet touchdowns. New DraftKings customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use code Bobby Sports. That's code Bobby Sports for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. Sportsbook the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort, Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, cdk ng.co/audio.


Whether You're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on demand delivery Partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop. From heavy hitters like Mackin, Udo Monte Crito kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Jules says he won't wear a guardian cap. Dolphin's running back day. Kon a chan, a Chan war won against the coast on Sunday in return from a concussion. But Tula said he will not do the same. TOAs said it's a personal choice. When asked why he decided not to wear the extra protection, TOAs also asked about those who are concerned about him putting himself at risk of lasting problems due to brain injury. He said there's a gray area in terms of what doctors believe in terms of long-term impact of concussions and playing football is what makes me happy and I'm gonna do it. I appreciate your concern. I really do. I love this game. I love it to death. I love it to the death of me.


Hey, That's it. Hey Chad, let me, let me help, let me help everybody. Yep. Hey Chad, listen to me real quick. Hey, and I'm, I'm not trying to be rude. I'm not trying to to come off in, in insensitive. I understand he's had concussions. You know what you sign up for When you play a game of this magnitude that is as violent as it is the guardian cap, the fuck is the guardian cap gonna do? I mean, no disrespect, I mean no due respect. The brain itself, Chad, y'all stay with the brain itself. It sits in a ball, a ball of fluid. Right. No amount of extra padding externally, which is the guardian cap can fully protect players from concussions, especially if they already had them multiple concussions.


The brain is already damaged from crashing against the skull over and over and over. And there is no amount of protection including a guardian cap that is gonna protect the skull in general from the helmet. The, the helmet impact just, I mean just the guardian cap. Because still if you do get hit again, even with the guardian cap on, the ball of fluid is going to hit the skull and the same thing is going to happen. The same thing gonna happen. So this, this, this perceived notion that, I think that's what put guardian cap on. Oh, it's gonna prevent concussions. No the fuck It's not.


No, it's not gonna prevent it. Just like, just like you could wear your seatbelt and still die in a car crash. Just like the air, just like the airbag, you could still die, but it does offer an extra layer of protection. Right, right, right. It's not the end all be back then what you mean? But these players are moving at such a fast rate of speed once that once you're jarred up there, once you're jarred up there, even with that guardian cap and that fluid and that and that, that that brain hits the skull again. It's gonna be the same. It's gonna be, it's gonna be the same thing. I then I don't think people, people at home. I know you watch football and you see it. I'm not sure how close you've been to the game.


Them motherfuckers moving fast as hell, man. Yeah. The research says the guardian caps have contributed to nearly 50% reduction in concussions. The cap can absorb at least 10% of the force of a hit according to NFL research. That 10% of force makes a massive Difference. I ain't them numbers. Lemme belt Save. Hey, that's why they tell you to buckle up. Why? How? Oh, So you don't want that extra left protection in the, you want the extra left protection in the car, but now that you hear it, Hey, you, you, you hear the numbers.


You see how, see how they threw the numbers out for the, for the, for the guard. For the guardian cap. Right. How did you, the research player actually playing using them. So where the research coming at, you had, you had to do it on the players that are actually playing in the game and play a full 17th season, huh? And practice. They don't Even, they practice everybody in practice, man. Everybody practices in them and come, don't do me that when you hit, Man, Lemme ask you a question. How much do the seatbelt, how much does the seatbelt reduce? It's, It's, it's how much does airbag? It does like no, no bullshit. I'm not even, I'm not even gonna sit here and play like That after being acquired by from by the New York Jets, from the Las Vegas Raiders earlier this week.


Devonte Adams is eyeing a long-term partnership with the new team When asked if he like a multi-year relationship with the Jets. I hope so. That's the plan. I never go somewhere in hopes of having to find a new home While Rogers have been in, have been affected throwing the ball together with Alex Azar over the last couple of games, the outside spots, which has been a huge problem. Rogers and Mike Williams have not been on the same page in 2024, the Jets offensive suffered. They averaged 304 yards per game. 18.8 points, but little less than 19 points a game. Both ranked 22nd ocho. Are you expecting? God damn right. I'm expecting old magic because there's something you can't teach.


There's something you can't teach that Aaron Rogers and Devonta Adams have, that's almost seven to eight years worth of work. 76 something tv. I think maybe 67 something tv, maybe seven, six TVs, 8,000 yards together. 117 games together. And the chemistry that they have a look, I can look at you and I know where you're gonna be at it. I know everything gonna do. Aaron Rogers could be blindfolded and whatever the route is, he can throw it to a spot and know Devonte Adams gonna be there every time he's familiar with the system that they're running. So all he is doing is just, is just, he going to a new team. He's with the Jets and you just plug him in and you just go, I mean it's, I know it, it sounds simple the way I'm saying, but when you have a quarterback that you've played with for so so long and you still as a receiver are very adequate at doing what you do as far as getting open and running routes, he's, he's still one of the best, despite the lack of production because the inconsistent play at quarterback, there's nothing wrong with him.


I guarantee you they both pick up where they left off at. I think the thing Gocho is that they're very, they're familiar with each other. It always helps. Same thing. Yes sir. The system, this is the system that he ran in Green Bay and the plays are familiar. Roger's voice in his ear is familiar. So I yeah, I think they should pick up where they, where they left off. What I'm excited years ago at least I hope so for his sake, because you know, look, they have started to say Devonte wasn't the same receiver last year. Right. Right. Not factoring in not factoring in that he lost Derek Carr a O'Connell and whomever the other quarterbacks were.


That's not Derek. That's not Derek Carr. And so No matter what you think, yeah, Derek Carr's not Right. Right. He's not Joe Burrow. He's not Patrick Mahome. He's not one of these top Right, right, right. Quarterback. But he's better than aid O'Connell And his first year with Devonte. Exactly. Devonte had 1500 yards and with the first team off broke. There's something to be said for That. And there, there's one thing that, that I hate that, that the pundits do. The analysts, those that should know the game and they always talk about certain players losing a step or they don't have anymore. When you don't factor in that, for one, the inconsistent player at quarterback affects that, the opportunities that you normally get when they're putting up those, those numbers, those good numbers, there's a reason why you're not doing so.


And they never factored it in. The first thing they say is, oh, the player losing a step when you know that's not the case, instead of saying exactly what it is. Well, I'm, I'm glad you brought it up because we know there's nothing wrong with him Now. You'll know when a player loses a step by watching him. Yeah. I'm curious to see how teams are going to play the, just now they play the Steelers, so it's gonna be a very, very interesting matchup. Joey Porter Jr. Is he gonna take Garrett Wilson or they're gonna put the number one on, on on Devonte Adams. So I'm not sure how it's gonna play out. So far. His first game back with Aaron Rods, this is a good game, a good test for them because they're playing a very good defense of the Steeler. So I'm excited. I'm excited. I think, I think they're gonna pick up right where they left off at.


And there, there's a, there's a certain chemistry when you play with somebody so long that you just can't replicate. And I know I-I-I-I-I just know they're gonna take some of the things they did in Green Bay, add it to that, add it to that offense and they go, they just gonna go to work. Yeah. But no, let, let's, let's be real. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Aaron Rogers hadn't played well this year. Don't, Joe. Yeah, yeah. I mean, let's not, I mean, I understand what he was in Green Bay, but we haven't seen that yet with the Jets. And it's gonna be very interesting to see if he can get back. Now. Do we, do I expect him to be what he was?


No. MVP seasons? I don't know Joe. I don't, I mean, he's, he, no, I mean he's on Achilles 40 have a weapon. When you have a weapon like that, you can count on every goddamn time. If you look, if you've been watching the just games, I've been watching the just games, like remember you got, you got a young bull like, like 17 man that can actually get open like that. I really think even post pre a case injury, he could always count on them boys to be open. That's, that's the reason he was able to win that MVP. Yeah, He was, He had, he was able to get the ball to him. He was able to facilitate and they were always open. He knew where everybody was gonna be. They were always in the right spot. There would be no mistakes. Like you saw the other night where he threw the ball to Mike Williams and Mike Wheel was wasn't on the red line.


Which I don't like that. Oh, the quarterback. You gotta down. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta, Yeah. What you say? What you, yeah, what you say is there's a little miscommunication, right? You don't, now we get behind closed doors, right? Yeah. He to the side, but he never got back out. If, if they, if they plan to, and you got, and you gotta go ball. If you gonna release south side, get back out there to the red line so the quarterback got somewhere to go with it, Eat it. I mean, how many times do you think during the course of a game, a receiver runs the wrong route? The quarterback has the wrong read. Right. People know about it because they don't discuss it. And then I'm sure it happens. I'm sure it happens. That's what we do.


That's why, that's why cars like, Hey, o I'll never Forget. Yeah. John was the same. Right? John was the same way. Troy was the same way. Peyton Manning, you heard Peyton Manning, right? Say quarterbacks are, Hey, you understand? Hey, they control. Yeah. Yeah. They, they control the food on the table. Now they, they'll control Whether you get to eat a lot or little Now how much you wanna eat. You gotta be careful. Oh, I'm okay, better Be careful. Matter of fact, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm glad you just said that. You absolutely Better be careful. Don't, lemme tell you how, how I want chat, chat those of you to, to look at, look at my stats when you get the chance.


Look at my stats. I remember what year this was, but I was kind of disgruntled. I was kind of disgruntled. And I don't think I asked for a trade. It might have been Drew. It just, I kind of got sick of the media blaming me for the reason we were losing. So they were putting everything on me because obviously I was the one doing all, having all the fun and whatever. So they started to turn on me a little bit, our own media in Cincinnati. Cincinnati. And I said, you know what? Well, hey, I want a trade. I want out. Something like that. And I remember the, the red, excuse me, the commanders at that time and Dan Snyder, they offered the Bengals a one for one. And Mike Brown said, no. Mike Brown said No, we're not gonna set a precedent that a player can come in and say, okay, he's not happy. And say, oh, you know what I want?


I want to, nah, it ain't happening. So they turned that down. Right. I'm just coming off a really good season, despite me being disgruntled. I don't know what they did offensively or how they weren't able to get me the ball that particular year. All of a sudden I had about 500 yards the whole season. I, I swear to God. And it was, it doesn't matter. Oh no, no, no, no, No. Not your last. That Was last week with 1,213 yard season. And then, you know, I was getting, the media was on my ass about us losing, oh, there was nothing. I was healthy. I was completely healthy. I sw for God, if you look at my stats, you look at it, it's thousand thousand, thousand thousand thousand thousand.


And all of a sudden it's a 500 yard season. I don't know if they found a way like, like to work me out the offense. I really had 500 yards the whole season. And then the next season I'm right back to 1200. Like, it like in, in a sense it was like, damn, are they that powerful? Where, you know what? Oh you wanna play with us? Okay, we gonna play with you the whole season. And I was scared to say anything. 'cause I already called Ruckus and, and made noise in the off season. So I'm definitely not gonna do it in season. 'cause I'm always, I'm already on thin ice. Yeah. In a sense. And I'm like, but damn, they not even, I'm like, I'm not even part of the offense. That's what it felt like. And I was still, I was still that boy.


I ain't know what the hell was, I ain't know what the hell was going on. So I mean, I just had to throw that story out there ba based on what you were just talking about. Well here's the, the problem that they have is that can they protect? Now you see Buffalo had relentless pressures on Rogers. What do you think, what do you think the Steelers are gonna be able to with TJ Walker? Chip and he, They better chip. What are they Gonna do? Gotta have the game plan because Ty is the brother Tyrone Smith on the left side. Hey listen, no disrespect, disrespect to him, but I obviously, I don't think he's gonna have to go get TJ Walker. TJW is, most of the time he's on, on the left side. So he'd be dealing with the right tackle.


But that young bull, that young boy, I don't know who it was he was struggling with, but he looked like his his feet and seamen out there. Hey Ness Man. Listen, he's not, why he's not what he once was when he with the Cowboys, maybe the, I'm not sure what it is. Yeah, I mean I think the Jeffs was expecting to get a, to get the old Tyn Smith. They just got an old Tyn Smith because he doesn't move. He doesn't move, he doesn't, his feet can kick the slide the pun. He, He can kick, he can Hands have got lazy once and it's hard.


Right. He don't cover as much ground with the kick and he's got la he's gotten really lazy with his hands. And you see a lot of guys just wax on Waxs off and they gone. They buy it everything. And no they never used. And he was, hey, no. He was so strongly the point of attack. Once he put that hand yeah and get you in your chest, boy you ain't going nowhere. Yes. CD Lamb responds to Troy Eggman criticism after Eggman called the Cowboys receiver, lazy and terrible CD responded to sit down, interview with Mor coach Jason Garrett as a leader, I take it in, we got to work. I use it as a building block. If you say our routes are lazy, I'm going to go out there every week and show you my routes.


Personally. I take that as constructive criticism as well as you should. If we can control it, let's go work at it and get better at it. I'm a hard worker, so anything you say that I'm not doing, I'm going to show you that's that I'm doing, that's a very mature answer. I like that. Very, very, very mature answer. I love it. Now, is that what he really, what he's really thinking? Probably not, but what he said publicly is the perfect answer to the criticism that a legend from your organization who has won multiple Super Bowls. Great response, great response. And the thing is, is that you have to understand Troy's a quarterback.


Troy used to get on Mike ass. Mike Vin. What he's saying is that like, bro, if I don't consistently know where you are, that's why people looking at us like we crazy. You and I have had the conversation as long as CD and Dak been playing together, they shouldn't have these misfires like they have on Joe. They have, they have misfires like guys that ain't never played together. You know what? I think that's due to guy also every year. Yeah, yeah. Missing training every year. Those repetitions that you need in training camp, mini camp OTAs, all that helps. All that helps in build building that chemistry because it resets itself after every year.


It, it ain't, oh, I, I'm, I'm not gonna go to training, I'm not at training camp. I'm not at OTAs or I'm not at mini camp. But then coming season you think everything is just gonna be like that. It don't like that. No, but that's your opportunity to work on stuff though. Ocho it's just like, you don't like, man, you know what, I had my best year and I don't work anymore. Right. You work harder to have a better year. So you get back to try to build even a better report each year. Each year you want to expand, Hey, hey, we good at this. Let's see if we can get a little better at that. Okay, we got good at this and that. Right. Let's see if we can get good at something else. That's how you build, that's how you get better. And so now everything back, shoulder, fade, end cut out, you know?


Right. The speed out. All that stuff. But you know, it, it's, it, it's like I said, I I I don't watch film. I used to watch film when I first started at at at Fox. Yeah. I used to watch tape 'cause I wanted to see, I was like, but I just, I I had to stop because in my head I'm too critical Ocho because I'm like, bro, what, what the hell is this that lazy the ass route, bro. You can't bro, you rounding the route off. That's why the DP came through and knocked it down and then you, you put the thing on, he knew you was breaking out. That's why he jetted it.


So I'm glad, I'm glad. Cd I hope CD takes takes it like, okay, you played the quarterback, you know what's expected of us in Dallas. Criticism comes along with the job. Especially a guy that played like he plays, like he said, Troy is looking at it from a quarterback. He looking at it from d everybody's saying Dak bad, but damn these guys running be lazy ass Rod. He don't know where they going be because the rock, hey, that ball back foot hit that quarterback back foot hit O Joe whether it's three or five. Yeah. And I can't be, I can't be jack back. That jack the ball off. What about You keep coming under off.


Eric Dickinson set the NFL rushing record 2105 in 1984. That's after he came off his rookie season. He ran for 1808. Over the last four past 40 seasons, no one has been able to top that mark. But something could change heading into week eight. Derrick Henry's own pace to break the record. And although plenty of players have gotten off the heart starts the first half of the season before fading. Lamar think Henry might be able to break the record. He says Henry has a good chance to top Ed's number. It's there. I feel like he has a great chance of achieving it. I think he can do it. I believe he can do it through seven weeks.


Henry is rushed for 873 yards. He's on pace to run for 2120, which would be 15 yards more than Ed's record. So Henry doesn't have a huge margin for error going forward. Possibility, Joe, what you think Of him doing it is really, really good. It's really, really good. Very good. Oh, there, there's nothing the, the Ravens almost seem like a cheat code when you watch him play against everybody. They play, Lamar is running the ball, he's throwing the ball. De Curry's running the ball. He's catching balls out the goddamn backfield. That's what, that's not even part of his repertoire. That's a big, that's a big word for him. But I can't, I mean fate look really, really good obviously.


Like it's damn near scary. So if I was to say the two best teams in the NFL offensively, I'm going Detroit and I'm going God damn Ravens and the Ravens, they're getting it done on the ground before they even put the ball in the air. And this is the passing, this is the pass Happy league now. Definitely. But my question is, at what expense does Jerry Hay break that record? TD could, we could have got TDS record because there are games in which TD, when he ran for 2008 ocho, right? TD was done at the half. He beat in Rush for 150 and Mike wouldn't let it play anymore. Or he'd be in rush for 1 69 and at the third quarter, like he was done for the fourth quarter.


So he sat out probably equivalent. If you look at what, if you go back and look at when he didn't play anymore, he probably sat out the equivalent of probably three games because Mike saw the bigger picture. Yeah, I get you that record when we don't win the Super Bowl. What the hell? Because at the end of the day, we wanted to be special. You needed to repeat in order for you to be one of these teams that people talk about re currently. Right. You gotta do it back to back. So do I think he can do it? Yeah, I do. I do. Because it's gonna be a situation where they gonna need him to run the air outta the ball and he's more than capable of doing that. And I think they have a team that takes pride and kinda like when td, TD need like 170 something yards to get that record.


Don't you man Ass off. Huh? I was man. Hey, I'm like it bad. Please. Hey, them linemen wanted it. They like, hey, they like, oh we gonna get this, we gonna get this record. We get you Pride thing and knowing that in the record, but it's the Oh Absolutely. We're The reason get that record. So it means just as much of them as it does to him winning that record And he gets an extra game. Right. 17 instead of 16. What was so amazing, OJ went for 2003 and 14 and boy Buffalo Boy was to that rock, bro.


Oh, the electric company. That's what they call the offensive line, the electric company. Riley McKenzie, Joe de Laier. Nah. Moving people aid. They were moving them up outta there. Actually. Joe Ferguson, if I'm not mistaken, Joe Ferguson was the quarterback. Joe Ferguson was the quarterback. We played the, by rookie year we played Indy. Joe Ferguson was the quarterback in India in 1990. And I think OJ brought that record in what, 73. And he was the quarterback. He was the quarter, he was the quarterback for OJ and he was the quarterback in Indy. That's dope. Yeah. We know what happened with with, but hey that he was a hell of a running back.


Everybody beat 32 Christian McCaffrey returns to practice for the 49 ERs. Not only did C Mack return to the practice for the first time since week one, wide receiver Juwan Jennings kicker Jake Moody and offensive lineman John Feliciano were all back in action according to reports on the site. Ocho, what's, what do you expect from the 49 ERs moving forward? Once CMC hits that field, the offense gets that much better. Once CMC hits that field, the offense gets that much better. Arguably, CMC was the best running back in the league. I know what Derrick Henry is doing right now.


But before CMC got, I mean be, before CMC got hurt, he was considered the best running back in the league for all the things that he can do at the receiver position lining up in the slot. All think can do come out the backfield, catching the ball out, the backfield running the ball. It allows, it allows them to do so much more. I think the offensive playbook with Shanahan when CMC is back there. Even though Jordan, even though Jordan Mason played pretty well, you know, while, while CMC was out. I think they can do that much more offensively when they have CMC in there. Yeah, I I think I I think healthy they still, they're they're they're still a threat in the NFC.


Yeah. Hell yeah. They're still, they're they're still very formidable, formidable, whatever term you want to use. Formidable. Formidable cmac, his ability to run the football between the tackles to hit outside can catch it outta the backfield. They get Deebo back, they get Jujuan Jennings back. They, they, they have an opportunity to do something really good. No, we Finn to talk about Lamar Jackson. Lamar Jackson competed, completed 16 or 19 pass attempts for 280 yards, three touchdowns and had a com, a perfect quarterback rating 1 58 0.3. Lamar had now has four career games with a perfect quarterback rating with a minimum of 10 passes.


He ties the NFL record held by Ben Rumberger, who also has four such games. Lamar now has 20 passing and touchdowns this season after connected with Za Flowers twice. Patrick Ricard Once Flowers and Jacksons with flowers with Jackson's favorite target on Sunday. Five receptions a buck 27. In winning six of the past seven games, the Ravens have beaten three teams with a winning record. The Bills, the Commanders, and the Broncos by a combined score of 1 0 6 to 43. Okay. But this is the same Baltimore team that lost the two last play seats. They lost to the Browns and they lost to the Ravens. It comes down to the most criticized Ravens defense when Baltimore holds teams to 25 of fuel points.


The Ravens of four. Oh, that's crazy Ocho bruh. That's crazy. They lost to the Ravens and the Browns, excuse me, they lost to the Raiders and the Browns. No, it's funny. And you see why I was a little optimistic about maybe the Cowboys being able to pull it off, you know, and changing their season around is because on any given Sunday, you never know what's gonna happen. You, you never know what's gonna happen. Now, as dominant as the Ravens are, if he is a ba, if you are a bettman, if he's a gambler man, when they paid the Raiders, you putting all your money on the Ravens when they played the Browns, you putting all your money on the browns. But I I, I don't, don't understand why that happens. Maybe playing down to the competition, maybe the play calling, like you said, when they played the Browns, they only gave goddamn Derrick Henry the ball.


11 times how many, how many, how many, how many rushes Derrick Henry had today? 23. Okay. For two to with two touchdowns and a buckle. Six. See? May, may, may. Maybe that is a formula. Maybe May 34. They almost had double the amount of rush attempts as pass attempts last week. It was the flip side. Lamar Jackson threw the ball 19 times today they ran it 34 times. That's your recipe. And because Lamar doesn't need to throw the ball 30 plus times because he's gonna be so efficient because the gaps that's gonna be in the defense because you can't stop D Henry with a light box.


So he's throwing against man coverage and when the zone coverage they so out of place because they ain't taking the false steps trying to get down When he fakes the ball in the D Henry Valley Outta position. Now you outta position. But he's dealing with the ball. Yeah, he's played unbelievable. Right now the MVP is Lamar is D Henry. It is Jerry Ka. Yeah. Okay. Any, anybody else? Anybody, anybody cussing that race that you would throw him in the box? No. Okay. No. Not for me. Not me. I think, listen, a a blind man can see it. I'm not gonna mention a blind man name, but a blind man can see there's a chance that, that Lamar Jackson can win his third MVP.


There's a chance that he win a third MVP. And ma'am, my god, young boy. I know, I know. Young Bull watch they be, they be watching too. I know Lamar probably probably not watching right now. Yes. He gonna see this. Boy, you the real deal boy. Pomp those fines. Boy, I salute you. This is coming from a Bengal. Coming from a Bengal. But I know one thing. You know who, you know who they play Thursday night? Who they Play. Yeah. Okay. I bet they, I bet they play. Yeah. You know who they play. I bet they foot ass bet that I bet it gonna be ass and that, and that's respectfully to all my Ravening fans. I love you. You know how I feel about you. I In Baltimore, I got the Raven.


You won't Bet nothing. Whatever. Make it out on yourself. I ain't gonna do you like that? I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna take Do do me like that. I ain't gonna Pay you money. I ain't gonna take you money. Yeah, I was gonna take, We just talked about what happened when they played the Raiders. We just talked about what happened when they played the Browns. So you think they, you think, you think the Bengals finna after the day's game against the Raiders? You think we going, did you Talk about, talk about I I remember what they did last time they was in Cincinnati. Dropped a 41 piece on hold. Hold On, hold on, hold on. Stay with me now. Did you see Joe Burrow today? I don't mean to jump the gun and get off top Today. How many yards did he throw? Four against to Raven last night? Talk about last time we, we've improved since then.


Move them. No you haven't. Your defense habit. You just played a war. Bad team. Remember how y'all went to Philly? Philly beat y'all 34 17. Okay. All right. All right. Mark my words now. I told I He threw for 3 92. He threw for 3 92 against the Ravens. How many touchdowns and five tds and L Jack got it. Alright. He can't beat, he can't beat Lamar. He got one finger against Lamar. I forgot. I know, I know what the record is. I know. But listen, Lamar wiping his feet. Do what Lamar do to everybody in end. In the af Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We'll see though.


We'll see Thursday we'll Sees up on it. Make, make, make. Alright. Alright. Make make it light on yourself then. Make it light on yourself. What you wanna do? You call your price Better band A band And I ain't talk and I ain't talking about FMU or Grambling or Southern. What, what you wanna do? I I got What? You wanna better band? I wanna band better. It matter of fact, you know what? Since you're talking and I got 10 right here, make it 2000. Dang it. Now, now what? What, what, what you want to do?


Let's go. Hey Joe. I told you what Joe Burrow said the last time he was in front of the media. We are gonna win seven of the last nine and starting in number one of that next nine was the date. And the next win is gonna be Thursday. Ain't Happening. And that anybody in the chat that got something to say, you better too. What your side bet down y'all talking about man, y'all talking about Man who? They, Boy they play it too good. They playing too. Yeah, they, they playing real good and no listen, Lamar Jackson, the Ravens brother Todd Monken, they are playing phenomenal football. Derrick Henry, phenomenal Zay Flowers boy.


I see you boy. I see you. But Thursday. No sir. Thursday. No sir.


Whether You're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to Fame smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door. So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from Heavy hitters like Mackin, Yuto Monte Cristo Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Amazon one medical presents. Painful thoughts. I could catch anything sitting in this doctor's waiting room. Ugh. I just wiped his runny nose on my jacket and the guy next to me sitting in a pool of perspiration insists on sharing my armrest. Ugh. Next time make an appointment with an Amazon one medical provider. There's no waiting and no sweaty guy. Amazon one Medical Healthcare just got less painful.


This is Ashley Kennet from the Ben and Ashley. I almost same as podcast. You probably know somebody who's on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now. These are really popular medications that people are using to lose weight. If it seems like all other options aren't working for them, go to try fh.com to find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health


Also. We had another incident though Joe Video has emerged this morning showing Jason Kelsey walking near Penn State Beaver Stadium and getting approached by a college student shouting his name and asking for a fist bump. Excuse me. One person can't be heard. Heckling Kelsey using a derogatory language about his brother Travis and girlfriend Taylor Swift. Hey Kelsey, how does it feel that your brother is a, you know, the gay slur for dating Taylor Swift? The person yelled. Jason was not having any of it as he turned stop turned around, grab the person's phone and slam it to the ground as Jason goes to pick the phone up, the guy shoves it.


So he got and Jason had the phone back to himself. Yeah, the F now retired First Fight back. Jason, don't do that. Don't put your phone in people's faces. Give people space. Show respect. It's okay if the guy don't want to fist bump you guys. It's okay. It's not the of the World. You got the phone all out, all in the all in the man space. Man, y'all come on. Come on. See, I used to think we're better than this, but we're not because at, after a certain point in time. Right? Right. This is who we are.


This is who, this is what we've become as a society because, because what the internet has, the internet has done, it's made so many people famous. And so many people want their 10, 15 minutes of Fame that they're willing to cross lines Yeah. In order to achieve it. But sometimes you can make the wrong play on the wrong day. Leave people alone. I look, I did what I get it. Ocho sometimes when, when we do our job right, we have to talk about people and we have to talk about the football and like we, we talked about the Tom Brady situation and his, his wife. They're moved on. They're going their separate way and X, Y, and Z.


But I'm just trying to figure out Travis Kelsey dating Taylor Swift that impacts this gentleman's life. And why would you say, why would you call that man out of his, say his brother out of his name? So how do you think the man was gonna respond? Why? I mean, why would you do that? You with them, with the person? Yeah. To try to get a reaction out of Kelsey, outta Jason. I mean, Why The kids though? So you already know how they are. They not thinking straight. They not thinking. They saying the first thing come to mind. So you know why. So the college kid? Yeah. Are they gonna be a adults at some point In time about you in college now? You know, you was wild now you know. Yeah. But I ain't call nobody that but Ocho because like I said, I I, I'm, look, I'm big on respect.


Yeah. I I I ain't going nobody face being disrespectful and if I don't like somebody I Not understand the world we are in today. You have to understand these kids in the era and you can say it yourself. Tension media. Yeah. Going viral, internet. How can I make a name for myself? I mean just, just all that stuff tied today. You know, kids don't know how to act and you know, this is this there of cell phones are recording every goddamn, everything They do here. It's, we've gotten to the point. We put everything on the internet. We put what we're eating, what we're wearing, and X, Y and Z. It's just gotta Got everything. You know?


I just, I, I I just don't, I just don't know. I just wish Jason wouldn't have had yelled those words back to it. Right. Just, just kept it moving. Just grabbed it. He did what he did. But just keep it moving. Don't don't to lower yourself. Yeah. Yeah. I just, I I just, I just hated that some people go out, go out of their way trying to get a, a celebrity Yeah. Or an entertainer or somebody famous to get a reaction out of them. I, I hate that. That's where we are right now. Ocha. I I I, if it's somebody that I don't like, yeah. I don't follow them. If there's something come up on my feed, I scroll right past it.


I don't listen to their music. I don't watch their films. Okay. That I don't, we don't jive. We don't get along. I don't kinda like what you stand for. Okay. Ain't no harm no foul. And I'm definitely not gonna seek that person out to try to start a confrontation or try to get out there somehow. I, I just, you know, you just abor the situation. But I just don't man people now. Damn is, and I got ocho I said before we started. Yeah. This is who we are now. Because you know, Ocho you remember say, are are, are we really that bad on, we really like this. At some point in time you gotta come to conclusion. This is who we are. This is, this is what Hey, I remember you come as a society. Remember you got mad with dude in the airport when you had a bear Yeah.


With the dog. Yes, yes, yes. He wanted him because I, I still don't know how, you know, like I said, he must, he must have been expecting somebody else was there. 'cause nobody knew I was there that day because normally I get a service to take that I drove myself. So nobody kept it. Sometimes they'll, hey, I pick it up Shannon Sharp or somebody or a restaurant say, oh, reservation Shannon Sharp Ochocinco made reservations and the paparazzi will show up. Sometimes they have, you know, assistance or that'll alert paparazzi so they can get pictures. Right. So I was very cautious that day to make sure that I drove myself.


And normally when I go to the airport or even anything and that I have, I have someone, I have someone to drive for me. But I was cautious that day. Right. And I noticed him earlier, Ocho but I, I said, well you know what? Nah, nah, nah. And the thing was is that, like I said, the lady had come right. 'cause she had to pick the dog up from one country. Yeah, that's right. She had to fly from one country. Right. Go to another country to get the dog, bring the guy the dog back to me. She was only gonna be in the airport for like 10 hours because the next flight was gonna leave. So, so my thing is, I'm giving this lady a lot of money. I need to make sure she gets back through security. So I was like, ma'am, do you mind if we do the transaction over there?


And she's like, sure, no problem. Because at first I didn't see her. 'cause she had, she had Teddy in a, in a, in a and a carrier. So I didn't, I'm looking, I'm like, and I called Shelly. I like Shelly. I don't see this lady Shelly get on the phone, called the lady. She said, well she's standing ex-wife so forth. So she got on this, she got on this. I turned right, I see her, I got him. And I'm like, but he, look, he wanted reaction. I mean, I gave him, I mean I guess he wanted me to shove him or something. I gave him what he looked for. He got his little, you know, he got his moment of Fame. But I mean, to call somebody brother a name derogatory what, what, what did ain got? Start big. You fool man.


Well, that's what happened. I mean, people, people get really disrespectful because they ain't never been slapped before. Gotta Gotta, you gotta make an example. So, you know. Yeah man, I just that that's why you think I stay in the house ocho people like me? No, because I just, I just because I, I just wanna be left. Hey you, hey, you know, hey. Right. I get from point A to point B, I'm walking. Oh yeah. Because Jordan, you know Jordan, if he worked for the ever whatever airline we we flying on, 'cause he gotta get everybody in they bag. Me and Ash done got off the plane. I'm like, Hey, what the F is Jordan? I said, don't worry about it, You outta there, You can wait. I'm gone. He getting everybody bag.


You need your bag, ma. Here you go sir. You need your bag. Which one? Jordan? For this airline, all it took was 10 games for the Indianapolis coach to bitch Anthony Richardson in a favor. 39-year-old Joe Blacko. Even though Richardson is just 22 years of age, 10 games was enough of a sample size to draw the conclusion that the last year, number four, overall pick hasn't gotten it done. Jalen, hers is a prime example of giving a young quarterback an opportunity to develop. Hertz said his development is by is why teams should be patient with young quarterbacks. I think the thing, I think things do take time. I think things take time and everybody has a different approach to going in. I wasn't supposed to be the guy I am today.


Nobody expected that. But I took advantage of my opportunities. And that's what I encourage everyone to do. Regardless. I don't, I don't like to move. I don't care what nobody say. I don't like to move. It's your number four pick. Right. It should pick now what I think what what I, what I'm saying is happening. I don't like the fact that they're benching him. For one, he didn't play a lot of college football, he didn't play a lot of college football. He didn't get a lot of snaps. The, the amount of snaps that needed to be able to come in and transition into the NFL and be prepared, you know? Right. It's being big, strong, fast and having a, and have an arm. It's not gonna get it done. It's not. No. So the only way to improve in the NFL is with reps.


With reps. With reps, with reps. He's the future of the franchise. He's the number fourth quarterback. So the only reason I think they put Flaco in is to save the season. Do we have a chance to make a run? So what we're going do is four and four, I think what they are four and four. Right? What's the take, what's the address? What's the coach? Nah, I don't know if they're four and four. You don't think so? I don't know if they run four games. O Joe. They might've. Nah. I, I, I I They're four and four. They're 500. See, I, I knew, I knew it. So what they're doing. But Co Mr. Mr Psych is doing, he's making a change because he field the team had the chance and the opportunity to make a run. At some point, Anthony Richardson will be the future of the cols.


But right now we're gonna put Flaco in because he gives us, he, they think they feel, which, which is true statistically Flaco gives them the best chance to win right now and compete. And, and this is, this is a a a a compete division. Yeah. Because the Houston, the Texas aren't what they work. Right. Jacksonville is very hill to miss. We know what the Titans are. Yeah. So, and, and look, I know people are saying that, you know, he tapped out and that's one of the reasons. But you gotta look at his rec ocho, this guy has a worse completion percentage than Tim Tebow. Tim Tebow completed 46% of his passes. He's completed 46, 40 4%. That's 4% Lloyd than JaMarcus Russell did we think JaMarcus Russell and Tim Tebow were good quarterbacks?


No we didn't. And his completion percentage is worse than theirs. He needs to, he needs time to watch. They, they put him in too quick when he wasn't ready. And what happens is OCHO is that when you draft someone that high and you draft him at that position, you're not waiting. Because after the end of the third year, OCHO, I'm gonna have to make a decision. I'm about to have to get these guys 300, 400, $500 million I need to see. Right. And in the process of that, 'cause like you said, he didn't play a whole lot of football and he didn't play a whole lot of football in a pro style offense. Right. A lot of his stuff, he was running the football.


Well, you know, he said the NFL was easy. I can't tell if the NFL is easy and you completing 44% of your passes. Right. What the hell you think would happen if the NFL was hard? Don't you? Can I tell you one more thing on that? I don't like? Yeah, I'm just saying chat Y'all stay with me real quick, real quick. Like, listen to me. When it comes to the game of football, when you're drafted at high, you have expectations. You have friends, you, you have people telling you this, you that and you, you get to the NFL, you get drafted that high, then you plan, you have a certain high, a certain certain a and feeling about yourself where you, where you feel good, you know what it feel like to get bench on. Do you understand what it feels like to get benched up? Yeah.


As a quarterback. Forget some of the other positions because some of the other positions, you have an opportunity to bounce back, you know, and you have an opportunity to, to make those plays again. But as a quarterback, I think it does something, especially when you're young, it does something to your psyche. I I'm assuming, I I it it has to, it has to do something to your psyche. So now you're telling me I'm playing bad, I'm playing so bad, you're going to sit me down and bench me for Joe Flacco. So if I do get the opportunity to play again, what's the first fucking thing I'm gonna do? I'm gonna be goddamn indecisive. I'm Gonna, well, hopefully you learn. Hey, I'm, I'm gonna be hesitant. I'm not gonna make the big plays I was making earlier. I, it just, I, I don't, I just, you In the last three games, It just weird.


It is weird to me. Plead like Nine and 10 passes. Hopefully, hopefully he gets an opportunity to sit and watch and then he can come. He say, well Joe, what if Joe ask him, he can ask Joe, Joe, what did you see? Why did you go there? Right. Because that's the biggest thing. Ocho ocho you can't throw 30 passes and complete eight of them in the NFL. You're not gonna win like that. Yeah. And he, you know what? And then We can't, we can't play any receivers because they got, they got spawn, man. Yeah. Hey, they got some boys man.


I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the NFL Network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply and see the app for details.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase. Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chassen Company.


Hi, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Who do you know on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now? Everyone right. These game changing weight loss meds are everywhere and Future Health makes it easy to get started. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 With the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage sale. Prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.