
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources, they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com, we've done your homework.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


These days, it feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of home ownership has become outta reach. Well, rocket is trying to give more people a chance to own their homes. They're making home ownership simpler and more accessible to more people. Turning renters into owners Rocket believes that everyone deserves a shot at the American Dream. So are you ready? Own the dream. Visit rocket.com or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


The Volume.


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to edition the Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draft King Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms, and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Hello, it's your favorite on Shannon Sharp. And I'm a road sponsor. I'm also a customer. Women can sense confidence and how sexy they think that is. Therefore, worrying about your erection can affect your swag in the bedroom. Spontaneous sex can be hot and exciting. Men, you can feel like a superhero when you get hard fast. In those situations, Rose Sparks are two in one prescription treatment for stronger, harder erection. They hit the bloodstream faster because they dissolve under the tongue and getting harder. Faster means having more sex after they dissolve. They work in about 15 minutes on average. RO Spark stays active in your system up to 36 hours. So you can go back to back to back three repeat round after round. Be ready in the morning. RO connects guys with a medical provider a hundred percent online so there's no awkward conversation with in-person providers. If approved treatment ships directly to your door. If prescribed new sexual health patients gets $15 off row sparks on a reoccurring plan, connect with a provider@row.co slash Nightcap to find out if a prescription role sparks are right for you. That's ro.co/ Nightcap for $15 off your first order. Compounded drugs are permitted to be prescribed under federal law but are not FDA approved and do not undergo F FDA safety effectiveness or manufacturing reviews. For full safety information, go to road.co/safety info.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us to another episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their nation wifi g Network. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. On Shannon Sharp, that guy, late Liberty City Legend Bing, A ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler, the all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson, please make sure you hit the subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you so much for your continued support. Make sure you check out Shaa by La Portier. What better way to celebrate the new year, Valentine's Day or any special occasion than with a bottle of shaa by La Portier.


If you cannot find it, any city or state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Make sure you check out my media company's page on all of its platform. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything just restocked. We also dropped new beanies in every color and introduced gift cards from 25 to $500. This takes the guesswork out of it and lets someone special pick exactly what they want. We have a big Valentine's Day drop coming tomorrow at 1:00 PM Eastern. Make sure you stay locked in ocho. We're late Doing good.


I mean, you're doing good, y'all. Oh. Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait. Well get up. Ready? Can I finish? Okay. Okay. You're doing So good. Yes, sir. Doing good. Really good Ocho on time. I said Ocho, we really need to go no more than five minutes after the Super Bowl. I gotcha. I got you. I gotcha you. I'm gonna watch the game from my hotel roast. Say, oh yeah, Eddie Ocho wins Ocho going do this thing. Lo and behold, don't tell the people why you were late today. Tonight. So check me out. Right. Check me out. Huh? People, people listen to me real quick. Now, this wasn't my fault. This wasn't my fault. Like see now Whose fault was it you late? It was Ocho. Was Ocho late or was it the the fault late?


Well, the right, you know it was ocho. It was Ocho. That was Lee. Right. But there's a reason, there's a reason behind that. Now listen to me, stay with me real quick now. Okay. So I went, I went on a blind date tonight, right? I went to a restaurant very early on. The reservation was for eight o'clock, the reservation was for eight o'clock. You hear me? Yeah. I went to a restaurant in Wynwood called Sparrow. It was called Sparrow. Very, very nice place. And they had live music and I had no idea what the individual who I was going to dinner with. I had no idea what she looked like. So it was a blind date. Come to find out, I was hoping she looked exactly like her pictures. You know how you see people on the internet and you see 'em on Instagram and you was all kind of face tuned and all this other other stuff.


So you never know. So boom, I walk in, boom, she's already sitting down. I sit down, I order my food, they gimme a latte. They got live music playing. We having a good time. We exchanging pleasantries, you know, great conversation. Yeah. I'm getting another individual and whatnot. So boom, the game start. So I, I'm I, so I told her, listen, listen miss, I got Nightcap the night, so I need to be able to watch the game. You know, the, the, the, the thunder and the goddamn Ws. I'm, I need to watch the game, but I can still talk to you as I'm watching the game. So I, I get up, I say, listen, I ate and we ordered our food. I ate my food. I go outside to get to go to my car. It's 10 o'clock.


I only need, I only need 20 minutes to get home. So I'm, I'm gonna be on time. I go outside. Huh? They done towed a truck, dude. Would you Believe that? Who was they? Alpine towing. Oh. So who said, were you parked? Were you parked in a no parking zone? Yeah, I was. Okay. They, they was, listen, listen, hold on. Wait, wait a minute, let me tell you why. Now, as Sparrow, they had valet in the front. I pulled up the valet and asked valet, how much was it for valet parking? He said, a hundred. I'm like, oh buddy. Hell no. So I, I just went one block further and just pulled off to the side. Lemme ask you a question. How much, how much, how much did it cost? Think about it. The tow, how much did it cost to get your car back?


But I ain't even get my car back. That's the problem. I guarantee it's gonna cost you more than a hundred dollars. Oh, when I go get it tomorrow? Yeah, let me finish. Lemme finish my story though. Okay. Lemme show you. So listen, so I take, I catch a Uber to the tow place. I catch him to the tow place. I told him like, sir, I'm in a rush. It's about 10 35 now it's 10 35. Sir, I'm in a rush night, captain, I gotta do a show. Can I please pay real quick? Here's my license. So he run my license and said, listen Ocho, we know who you are, but your truck is already in the system and we can't give you your truck because you owe money for parking tickets. The tolls, you know the tolls and Yeah, I know.


Yeah. So I, I got Sun pass. I just been running through it and I didn't even realize I done ran outta money on my SunPass. Okay? So I say, listen sir, if I can't get my car, can I please get the keys to my house inside the car? And I'm a Uber, I'm an Uber home. And so I Ubered home and boom, I got here at 1115. Yeah. Now see, what about that? What about that responsibility you was teaching that you to teaching people about financial responsibility? Was that financial responsible letting your pass your easy pass run out? Well, I, you know what? I ain't know that. Huh? I ain't know that. 'cause you know, you know, the problem is, is I've been on the road for the, You know, the problem. Me? Yes. Well, I'm pass. I had a, I had a lapse in judgment in not understanding how much I had on there.


So I had, I had been running the toll all this time and ain't realized I accumulated so much, so many tickets. Well, they won't even gimme my car. The pound. So I gotta, in the morning, I'm gonna wake up in the morning, I'm go to the courthouse, I'm gonna pay the tickets, then take the slip showing the, showing the, the tow yard that had paid it and I can give him a truck. So I had the Uber here. So I ain't even got no car right now. Now Think about what you just said. You wouldn't pay a hundred dollars. Now you're about to have to pay thousands. Now ask yourself again. Whoa, whoa. What's that smart? Wait, wait, wait. The total's only, only a dollar. Now I ain't Finn to have to pay no thousand. You being a little bit How many? I guarantee you, first of all, if you owe that much in they pound and pounds your car, right? You in the system, you more than a hundred dollars over.


Okay. Okay. Okay. Now the tow truck, you are gonna have to pay them for towing your truck. Again. I ask you humbly, was the a hundred dollars you that you refused to pay, was it worth the amount of inconvenience and the money you gonna have to pay Now? It, it wasn't you. You can throw, Hey, can, can I ask you, can I ask you a favor? Mm. You can throw me a little something I'm outta of favors. Hey, do you, do you, you, you got you, you understand my issue tonight though, right? I'm, I'm, I'm, I don't because it's an issue you created by not being responsible with your easy pass. By trying to be cheap at some point in time, it's okay to not be cheap.


Be cheap as want. My grandpa used to say, boy, be as cheap as you want to, but don't be cheap to yourself of all the people. You could be cheap to. Why would you be cheap to yourself? I like that. I ain't never heard it like that before. I ain't never heard it put like that before. That's a good one. Matter of fact, you know what? The rest of the year, I'm not gonna be cheap to myself. Let's less than Well consider the way you was dressed last Thursday night. You haven't been cheaped yet. What you be the rest of the year? Hell, you started up the year not being cheap. Oh yeah, because I told you 2025 is my year. This, this is my year where the cup run is over. It's already running over. Damn. You got more in the cup? How big the cup. Oh hey, the cut the cup be the cup be.


Hey y'all, hey, you just started now. I'm just getting started, but I'm, Hey I'm feel, I'm feeling good tonight. We could be on here tonight. Tonight. We can talk for four hours. We can talk. Well, We already, we well, no, we, we can talk throughout the 45 minutes. 'cause you missed the 15 minutes that we would've been talking. No, we would've, we would've, we actually could have. Hey, I ain't even got no car right now. You, you should at least feel bad for me a little bit. I'm not, I'm not talking about now I'm not talking about the big boys. I no, I I wasn't driving the big boys and I'm talking about my every day. I have nothing. I have nothing to use. I had the Uber here. Don't feel sorry for a person for a problem they created. Mm. Let this either, don't let that go over your head.


That's for you. You can write it down if you want. I can't feel bad for a person about a problem they created. You created this Boy. One, one thing about you, boy, you gonna gimme something to write down. Boy, you hear me This bad here. I can't believe this this bad. Tell about you though. I be going through the easy pass ocho. You know, if you go through one, you gotta go through another to come back through. So even if it's only a dollar, that's $2. That's if you just do it once. And this is what you not understanding. Unc, I hadn't realized I had ran outta money. So I'm just going, I'm working, I'm flying, I'm flying in, I'm flying out. I'm getting in my car, I'm going and I don't go nowhere. You know? It ain't like I'm just driving all over the place.


This is accumulation of six months of work, six months of flying in and flying out, going to the airport, going home. It's not like I'm going out nowhere. It just always time to just build up. And I didn't even realize it. Yeah. So it's an honest mistake, you know? Honest mistake. It was honest. They told, they was like, Hmm, I wonder where that truck is. Ah, lyric Ta. Right. And see, you know what, that's what I get anyway. Ain't no reason I should have been on no blind date tonight. So this, this is, this is what I, I deserve this. I deserve this. This is good for me. 'cause I ain't gonna be free Valentine's tomorrow. I guess what? I know what you call him. That tow truck driver wasn't blind. He saw, they called, they called illegally parked.


That's me. Easy, easy pick up. Now his girl going to get a nice Valentine's Day gift with your money that you gave him. Right? I think they gonna show me love tomorrow though. 'cause they knew who I was. That's okay. Will you show 'em that credit card and that money to get that cop out? They gonna show you love. Damn. Money is love. You didn't know that. Yeah, it, it is it it is, it is. I I This man here, I feel have Mercy Chat. I'm sorry. I feel good. Let's talk about this goddamn thunder. This this Thunder, thunder t Woods game though because IT Woods Defeated the Thunder one 16 to 1 0 1. Huh? I watched, I watched the game at dinner on the phone.


T Woods defeated the Thunder one 16 to 1 0 1 Nas Reed, 27 points 13 rebound seven assist for the shorthand wve that was playing without Rudy Gobert. They was also paired without Julius Randall and Mike Conley. Anthony Edwards chipped in with 23 points. Shea Giles had 24, I think it's his first game at about 20 that he's had under 25 points. But he ended in night with 24 points, nine assists, eight rebounds. But the thunder was two. He was two or 13 in the second half. The Minnesota got going early. Yeah. When Aman dunked on chant Holmgren, you are like, oh my goodness. They had what, three players in double figures?


Yeah. Shannon came off the bench, gave him some, I thought Lou Garza, he gave him 15 quality minutes. He was only four or seven, but he had eight points, eight rebounds. He was hustle, active, very, very active. But the t was, they, they, they got after it tonight and they won this game. An man was three or 12 from the three 10 points. But it was NS Reed inserted into the starting lineup because Julius Randall and Rudy Gobert was out and he was sensational. The reigning sixth man of the year gave you 27, 13 and 8 27, 13 and seven. But it was a very good game. The thunder going to the break. Losing, but I think they're what, 42 and 10 now? 42 and 10. Yeah. Boys good now.


Oh, there's 44 and 10. My bad. 44 and 10. Nothing to hang the head about. You Know, nothing, nothing to head about at all. But I think, I think it's more of a, a curse of teams that are really good going to the break, not playing to their full, full potential knowing that they're going to the break. Listen, the way the OKC is built this game shouldn't, honestly, they should have won this game. They should win this game. Chet coming back with Chet Homegrown was East hurt, right? He's coming off. He's coming off of injury. Coming off injury. Yeah. First game back his year, Trying to get his leg, say the game underneath him, trying to get himself back in the rhythm and get his himself going. There's no reason this game should have been the way it was.


Hey shy. I mean, I'm gonna make sure I say his name right. Shay, Jay. Okay, I'm talking about shy. Hey, remember the groove shy? I do. Yeah. That, that's Exactly If I ever fall in love again. What you know about that man? I just told you I know about it. Jay, Jay got it going in the second half. But it was rough for him in the beginning, huh? It was, it was, it, it was rough for him in the beginning. A player like that, A player like Shay, I think about him. Am I allowed to call him Barry Co Kobe ish or am am I tripping? That same, same, that same killing instinct, that same mentality?


Or am I wrong? Ta if I'm wrong tape. If I'm wrong. Yeah. His get, I mean, he has a great mid-range game. I mean, Kobe had a nice mid-range game. Kobe, I mean, I don't see, I don't see him as finisher that Kobe is. He can get to the ba, he can get to the basket, but he's not, he's not as explosive as Kobe. Right. He's more of, he's more of a slippery sli guy. Right. Kobe first step, like boom, Shaa played. He shake plays with great pace. He has great start stop ability. You don't realize it, but he, I mean he can elevate. Yeah, but you don't realize it that you can't speed him up. And that's what the really good, you look at Luca, you can't speed lu up. Luca gonna play on his time.


Yo, you gonna play on his time? Shea plays at his pace. But to see the maturation and how this young man has his game has blossom choke. Yeah. From where he started. From when they Traded now. Yeah. Hey man, you know what? And I, I wouldn't, like you said, this is nothing to hang your head about, about losing night. Obviously you, you're 44 and 10 and I I I guarantee you it has something to do with the break. Even though the player probably wouldn't admit it, that we didn't play to our full potential because we know the break is coming. And listen, we, we just trying to get up outta here. We just trying to get up outta here. They got off on work. They jumped on the Merley though. O Joe. Yeah. See that's the thing. They didn't, and give, give k, see they was down by 26, 27.


They cut it all the way down to like five or six. Yeah. In the second half. But then Took off The third. The, the wolves, the T wolves stepped on the gas. And for all intents and purposes, it, it was, it was over after that point. But they got really battle scoring. They had what? Five? They had six guys in double figures, thundered. One, two, three, four, five, what you call 'em had five guys in double figures. But the timber woods played really well. They played really well tonight. Neither team shot the ball particularly well. Both teams were around 44, 40 2% shooting. Both teams were under, you know, 27% from the three point line. Both teams, one team went to the fo line 22 times.


The other team went to the foul line 24 times. But it was a, it was a pretty, it it was a, it a really good game. The thunder are really, really good. That young team, they go really big. They start basically three guards and two bigs. Chet at the five Hartenstein at the Bo and Lou Do Shade and, and Jalen Williams basically. So they go a, a 3, 2, 3 guards and two and, and two and two bigs. Very few people play like that currently. Right. You know that, you know, every once in a while you have a a, a center. But now normally he's a stretch. You look at Pingus and, and and, and in Boston he's really a stretch five.


Anthony Davis, when he went the Lakers, he is really a stretch. Most people play like that. Occasionally you got a a, a guy like Joker, that's a typical big man, but he can try, most of the bigs can shoot the three ball. Yoki and bead ad bazinga. They can shoot the three. And so that's what makes these guys, so the, the space in which they play with, but the thunder, when it's all said and done, I believe they're gonna be there. I believe they're gonna be there. They got a young team. They're really athletic, they're really good. They just didn't shoot the ball well tonight. And they ran into a team that, that that played well. That jumped on 'em early. And it happens. I mean, you're not gonna be up every night. Yeah.


But it just goes to show you just how impressive what Golden State did. Golden State lost nine games for an entire season. Seven, three, and nine season. The Bulls lost 10 games. Let that sink in. Now in order for them to replicate that OKC would have to go, that's 54 games. They would need to go 28 and Oh, Or at least hold on as good as, as good as OKC, as good as OKC is playing right now, right? Yep. Who do you see challenging them In the west or overall? Boston can challenge them. Cleveland and challenge. 'cause Cleveland played just like they played, they go too big.


Jared Allen, Evan Mobley. Right? So, and then they go Mitchell and Garland. I forget the other, the other starter. But yeah, they got, they get, and you know what, Boston Mill, Boston Ingas, jb, JT Holiday, Derrick White. They got guys that could defend. Yeah, on the perimeter. They got a guy that could protect the paint. Their second unit, if they ready, they, they don't have to get ready 'cause they stay ready. They go housing Hauser, they go Peyton, Peyton, Prichard. Yeah. They got some teams that can challenge 'em out there now in the west. The nuggets. The nuggets. Yeah.


Houston now they lost the night and sometimes it's hit or miss with the rockets. But they're young team, you don't think they're too young. They, oh, and what you call 'em, Cleveland just made a trade with the honks. They got Deandre Hunter who was averaging about 20 points right in back up. So now they got depth. Yeah, they go that, that's gonna be, that's gonna be a, that's gonna be a really good, that's gonna be a really good matchup. But I'm not concerned about OKC. Minnesota needed this game more than OKC did. But Timber Timberwood feel good going to the break with a victory and thunder. Like, hey, we got two guys going to the All Star.


Everybody else, I mean you probably off until what, Tuesday, Wednesday of next week. So get you some rest guys in. Let's go.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory of how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com We've done your homework.


Everything is more expensive now whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt in a Chime credit builder card. This is a secure credit card with no annual fees. You can build credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus, you'll have access to my pay and get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday purchasing and regular on time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better credit Home loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime Credit Builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Build your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Bang Corp Bank A or Stride Bank. A SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out of network ATM withdrawals and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details


During tax season, your sensitive info does a lot of traveling to places you can't control stopping off at payroll. Your accountant or tax preparer and countless other data centers on its way to the IRS. Any of them can expose you to identity theft because they all have the info on your W2. Just the ticket for criminals to steal your identity. No wonder the IRS reported tax fraud due to identity theft when up 20% last year. You need LifeLock. They monitor millions of data points per second and alert you to threats you could miss. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based Restoration Specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package and restoration is guaranteed or your money back. Don't let identity Thieves take you for a ride. Get LifeLock protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Oh Joe. Yeah. Paul George is receiving injections just to play. That's something players do come, come off playoff time, not necessarily the regular season. Paul George is averaging 10 points, three rebounding us and three assists per game in February. Is it time to sit PG and let him get healthy? I mean listen, based, based on the numbers he's had since the season has started it's been bad. It's not, it's not what we're used to seeing from Paul George. Correct. Obviously, you know, something is wrong based on the type of production that Paul George has been able to have as far as outputs is concerned. How efficient he's been over time when he is played well, something is wrong with him. You know something has wrote him when he, when he is scoring what, what he have 10?


Yeah. He's averaging 10 points, three rebounds and three assists in the month of February. You know That's not normal. Everybody know that's not normal. So something, something has to be wrong with him. But I'm curious as if he's hurt. Why is he still playing? Why is, why, why is he still playing? Because he making 50 million a year. So you, you based, based on the contract, based on how much he's making. He'd rather play and hurt the team and his numbers instead of just say, you know what? Right now I'm not healthy. I need to sit down despite what I'm making. You ain't like that's new. How many times you see players do that? They go out there. NFL players In football? Yes.


Not basketball, but normally basketball players, when they hurt they out. They taking, they they, oh, excuse me, I'm almost cursed. They taking they selves out. What happened is ojo is that he's with a new team and when you go to a new team, you wanna put your best foot forward. Okay, I see. You want the fans, you want the teammates and So you probably do things. Now maybe if he was at the Clippers, he probably wouldn't do this. Yeah, maybe if he was at Indiana he probably wouldn't do this. But he's in a new environment. Right. And, and things are not going. They remember Joel is just not really coming back. Paul George has been in and out. He's been nicked. I think he had surgery this off season also.


So he's been dealing with some stuff of his own. Right, right. BAHAs is right. This is not something that No not look if it's play off time, yeah but I ain't taking no damn injections just to practice. Right. I mean just, well I did, but it's different with an NBA player because they playing two, three times a week. I was just shooting my leg. I was just shooting up to play in the game. Ah. So you know that that's a part of it though Joe. I understood. And the doctors re Mr. Sharp, you know, long term I say ain't worried about long term. I'm worried About that. I I, yeah. My grandma, my grandma need to eat. Right. Kids need need the roof and need to be able to go to school. So I worry about all that long-term stuff down the road.


Yes sir. Right now. Now stop talking. You're talking to me to death. Shoot this look so I can go out there and play. Oh man. Yeah, shoot his leg up so I can go out there and play it. But it's tough. It's tough Ocho because What exactly is his injury? Do you know? Is it, is it an I don't, but but you know a lot of, I I don't know if it's bone on bone. I didn't know if he, you know, it's meniscus or I mean, because I'm thinking Ocho, if he, it's gotta be something knee related. Right. It's gotta be Damn man. And listen, if, if your knee, if your knees, if your knees are no good or your knees are hurting you, it affects You basketball, you duck never anything don't you every party.


That's what anything. 'cause you play, you play sports but waist down. Waist Down. Yeah. I mean, I'm trying to say, I mean they do have the sports in the Olympics where you see guys with wheelchairs and stuff like that. But that's not a prof. That's not professional. N-B-A-N-F-L ba you can't do it and when the knee, you can't turn on the ba you can't turn baseball, basketball. You can't run up and down and jump up and down the court. Football, you can't stop start, you can't drop your hips. Right. It is hard to play with anything injured waist down. Oh, that's crazy. Okay. And I, you know, it's tough man. It's tough. It, it is really tough. And you know Paul George is, is, is was a very good player, but Whoa, whoa, whoa, huh.


Hold on now listen, you heard your word play. You said Paul George was a very good player. He still is. He Ain't a good player this year. Ocho he's Not, he's not healthy right now. Huh? You know this So You, So you, okay. So Paul George is good. Listen, he's he's a good player that is injured right now. And because of the injury it is hampered his play. That's what I said he was, but so when he gets back healthy, well you, You make it sound like he just like, he out in the pastures and he, he's done A man making $50 million a year. Averaging gave, give me a 10, three and three. Could I interest you in that? Hey, hey you, hey uncle, you mean as hell man.


Hold on. He asked that he hyper extended his knee. Ah, in the preseason. That's what he's been dealing with. But now he's out because of a pinky. A what? Pinky guess it's gotta be on a shooting hand. His pinky toe. His pinky toe? No, it's pinky. Pinky finger. Pinky finger. Hey, the pinky finger ain't Ray. Ain't no if you a real shooter, the the pinky ain't really in the, There it is. Listen, I'm listen, I'm a shooter now. Get what, where your basketball at? Get your basketball. If y'all can see this right here. Anybody. Dang Steph, if y'all think y'all can take this LV basketball off, but come get yourself some, come get yourself some Ocho look.


Oh, okay, okay, okay. I see. I see you. I see. I seen you asking how You think, how you think somebody could, how somebody gonna shoot like I See you man. But listen, you know the the ball, the ball leaves the index finger. You know that right? Yes, but look at this ocho, Okay, okay. Okay. And how you dribble? You ever seen somebody dribble? How many, how many? Four finger NBA players you ever seen? If it ain't, if it's not that important Right, you're right. Right. It, it's important. So listen, I like, I like what you're saying. You see what you're saying? So as Pinky's messed up, his knee is messed up. So even though he's making 50 million a year, there's a reason he's scoring 10 points a game. So he needs give him a little bit more grace If, guess what O Joe, you think they still putting that money you that to direct deposit?


You think it's still hitting? Yeah. Okay. All I'm saying is, hey whoever, Hey Steph Dane. Y'all want this Louis Vuitton basketball cup? Get yourself something Wayne call Y'all from the three Wayne. Call out Kyrie Get It. Whoever want it. You ain't Yeah, you ain't no two Hooper. Huh? If you want something, come get So, you know what I'm saying? Don't you LP basketball. That's right. Louis Ard made a basketball. There it is right there. Whoever wants something come get it. How, how much that was, man. So you see, you see I I'm just asking. I If, if you gotta ask, it's too much Ask I I Likehe used to let that thing go.


No, you no you didn't. No, no you didn't. No you didn't. No you didn't. I average. Oh Joe, you gotta realize I average 30 before the three born up. Oh hell. Oh Hell no. Right. You telling you you average 30. You average 31. 30, 30. Who? 30 point Man show, show me a paper clip. Show me a news clip that's showing. Show me a news clip, man from back in 6 19 67. When you average, when you average 30 a game, huh?


Yeah. Hey, the chat asking about you went to dinner. Was you the chef or were you fitting out eating? Because it look like you, you was in the back cooking. Oh, because my outfit? Yeah, your outfit. Oh Nah, that's it's, Hey, this, this a little Louie. It's a little denim set. Oh, okay. Like it Yeah, I'm gonna clean now. You see, I, I'm a clean, now I'm real. I'm real clean. You know little Louis. Yeah, but you, I but I'm, I'm gonna get you some, I'm gonna get you some articles. Where they had, I had 31 in 19 drop 52. Come on man. You got, listen, you got, you got memorabilia from 20 years ago, but you ain't got nothing prove you scored 30 30 or 19.


Oh but Ocho you got ocho. I ain't got, I mean I ain't keep the, I got some articles. I do got some articles though, but they at my grandma house. I'm gonna get them. I'm gonna get them. I'm gonna get them. Boy you ain't scored over 10 points, man. I bet that's a lie. I guarantee when y'all played 5 0 5, I bet you got picked last. IGII tell you what, go to Glenville right now. Ask anybody. I was always the first pick women that had pickup. I ain't never, if I'm on the court and we lost, which wasn't often.


I guarantee you a, I'm running, I'm running next. I need to see the footage. That's all I ask for. I'm Gonna show you 30 and 19. I had who we played, we played Southeast Bullock. I dropped 31 to 19 on them. Dropped 52 on somebody. 37 36? Yeah for sure. 50 52 Dropped 52 school record and got the most record on the JV game. Dropped 39 on them in jv. Got that record too. Got it. Well you just made, you make enough stuff. You making up numbers right now. And if you are putting up these kind of numbers that lets me know the competition where you was at and where you lived.


See, yes you did. That's what I do. It was trash. I made the competition seem like it wasn't no competition. See, see what I did? That's what I just, there it is right there at Savannah State. I got the intermural record most points in the game. 48. 48. I'm not buying that. Most points in the championship game. 42. High scoring average. But check my resume. Now you, you playing against you, you playing against people in the town of 300. That's Why No, no. Now ain't no, ain't no a, ain't no the coach didn't like me. I average one point a game day.


Wasn't none of that shit. Nah, nah, no. Shannon, Shannon, Sean could really play basketball For real though. Was I was a legit hooper. Show me the footage. Either the footage on VHS, so many paper clearances. Oh Joe, if I told you I was better in track and field and basketball, I mean basketball track and field and, and basketball than I was football. But I played, you thought I would lie. You thought I was lie. Go back and look at what that 1985 area players, area player, me and Pervis Ellison on the same team. Stop playing with me on, you know, heard Pervis Ellison.


Who? Y'all ever heard of him? Nah. Okay. I know Hena. I Hey listen, No, no, no, No, no, no. They heard, they heard of me though down here. And I listen. You ain't played no basketball. I did, I did play basketball at Beach High. I just told you not too long ago on a few shows ago when I scored 30 game and you talking about No. Now all of a sudden you scored 32. Come on man. No, I dropped 52 in a game. No You didn't. And I I okay, I'm gonna show you. I'm gonna show you. I, I'ma get, I'ma get, I'ma get, I'ma get, I'ma show you. I'm gonna show you. Please, Please Do. I'm gonna show you then what y'all gonna do.


Oh, he ain't play against nobody. Well, obviously if you put up those kind of numbers in high school, you couldn't have been playing against nobody. I don't even think Kobe put up them type numbers in high school. They said that when I played at, at Savannah State. You put up them numbers, you ain't played nobody. Hey, I need to see, I put up, I put up those same numbers in the NFFL. That's how I got one of these. I I like that. That look good. I got one too. Look at there. Pardon? Everything. Got the scar front of my chin, vein of my son coming on the side of my head.


Got the waves. Hey, hold on. I got, I got one. I I got me in bus two, but it, it is at, it is at the big house. Pervis Ellen played in Louisville. Pervis Ellison went to Savannah High, Savannah, Georgia, which was the Coastal Empire, which was the region that we were in. Okay. Now we were in different classification. He was quad a I was single eight. But when it came to area players, they picked the top five area players. Todd, off. You know what, it must not have been too many players. Ta-da. All I, I know a guy I played, I was on a team with a guy that was the number one overall draft pick in the NBA and he won a national championship as a true freshman. And he was the most outstanding player in that tournament.


Woo. Pervis Ellison, Louisville 1986. They beat Duke. Go look it up. Okay, listen, Now stop playing. Be ocho. I I just needed, you can say anything. You say anything. I say I have footage and proof to go with it. I have footage and proof to go in anything I've say always. Ocho I'll tell you something, you've never heard any player that says Shannon s Sharp's a alive. Be it, be college, be it, be high school, be it the NFL. Tell me the times when I tell stories on here.


You ain't never heard no place man, man, online. It didn't happen like that. Whoa, whoa. Hold on. Well, when I tell my stories, you never heard anybody come and say I'm lying either. Well, she, we know you lying because they're coming out. Your bibles your lips moving. Oh no. Anytime your lips moving, you lying. Listen, I told you and that go for everybody in the chat. I will lie for you before I lie to you. So anything I tell you is based on life, true life experience. I've been through everything. I've been through all this. I've done it all. All I've lived. I lived a hundred lives, man. I'm telling you, I don't know what y'all, I I don't know it all I know was I'm the only man in Glenville high school history to win MVP in three sports and senior athlete.


That's all I know. All that other stuff could be speculation, innuendo and conjecture. But I'm the only one in the 50 plus year history of that. High school is no longer high school. I won MVP in all three sports and I was senior, senior athlete. You, you know, you know that. You know what? That lets me know, huh? If you were there, I'd still being it no. A absolutely. That lets me know the level of competition that you were having to play against and play with wasn't what it should be. It wasn't up to par. Now listen, now if you was down here in Miami where everybody is elite and you were able to do that, then we can talk Somebody, somebody won.


Somebody won Miami State player of the of the year. Why not me. Okay. Alright. Alright. All I know is my senior year in college, I was state player of the year over the guys that played at Georgia, played at Georgia Tech, played at Georgia Southern. If you played football in the state of Georgia, my senior in college, I was state player of the year. Okay. Yeah. You Eric Zi, Garrison Hurst. What's the receiver name? Did He had a receiver. Hey, hey Garrison Hurst. He was good. Y Better chant. Y'all better stop. Listen. Hey, Lemme didn't tell y'all no more. I ain't say nothing else.


Listen, I got get y'all got footage. I got my footage on BHTS. Anything. I say I can pull out footage, I can go into the archives. Huh. O Joe, why do you think I was lie about something Like that? I'm not, I I'm not saying you lying. I just wanna see proof. I can show you proof. All my stuff is at the big house. I can pull it out, put it on VHS and show it to you on the TV screen. Anything I say I can show you me hooping dropping 32. Oh Joe, you gotta realize it wasn't O Joe talking 20 stomach game Back then people didn't record games. This is in the eighties. People didn't record games like they do when you came along. That was 10, 12 years later. Bad. My bad. Oh. So, so I have to, I have to rely on what you telling me as the Truth. No, but I'm, I'm gonna get you the articles.


I'm gonna get you the articles, Okay? Okay. Okay. I ain't gonna lie for you. Eagles Milton Williams who had an outstanding game. I think he had two sacks in that game. Didn't he had two sacks in the Super Bowl? Yeah, bill was balling. Boy, that's 93, right? 93 Ye yes. Yeah, he nice Speaking at his locker. Says he wants to return but obviously I wanna raise. Oh, he gonna get that. Listen, if, if it's not, if it's not for the Eagles, how, how he, how he, they know what they doing. Right. They know what they doing. Yeah. But what he did do based on his performance and that goddamn damn damn against the Chiefs. He done got his self paid. Oh he did that through the regular season. Huh? You look at him against what? You look at him against the lion. I mean the Rams, you look at him. Oh, oh he gonna make some money.


Oh yeah, You got, yeah. Listen, that wasn't, that wasn't no no one trick pony. He was doing that all year long. Just the fact that he was able to show up in the, in the biggest game of the year makes it even that much more better. It makes it that more appealing and appeasing to other teams. You know? I know he would like to return, but I'm just saying, you know, it's bigger money out There. Don't get that paper now, bro. Yeah. Come on now. You got your ring now. Got your ring. Yeah. You can't eat them rings, you can't sleep on them. You can't send your cut ski now if you get hard up, I mean you could possibly sell them. I just read the story today. Unfortunately Lagar Blunt is selling his game. Worn Jersey. His Super Bowl ring. I don't know what why, but maybe, Hey, you're up. Maybe they're not as important to him anymore.


Right. Maybe he feels somebody else will get better use or service out of it than he does. But at this point in time what Milton Williams has done. Yeah. He is earned a pay raise and I don't believe he's gonna be able to get it because you gotta sign a, a LeBron, you met a linebacker that Yeah, Josh Sweat is up. You know what's funny? Who does? How do, that's why I don't wanna be a gm. How do you decide what's important? How do you decide who to keep when everybody played so well, especially in that Pacific game. Williams played well, sweat played well. I forgot Young Bull name on the side. He's a little underside like, like Vaughn Miller, little Nola Nola, NOLA Smith Jr.


And he played well. I mean like You do realize you got Jalen Carter coming down the pipeline. Oh yeah. But that's, He need a big contract. That's Two more years though. He still got two. That's okay. He what? What? Okay. Think about what's going to take to sign of me two years. Oh yeah. You see what Chris, you see what Chris Jones making? Yeah. 32 million. Yeah. That was a year ago. What you think this kid gonna make in two years? Who they have? Yeah. He can't be. No, he can't be more than 23. Well they they gonna have to see him. Yeah, Exactly. Exactly. You got Mitchell, you got Deon or you got Broun.


There's only so much money you can spend. You know what's funny? And it is a good thing. The Eagles in a great situation on, they're in a phenomenal situation where nobody is really up to really break the bank like that. So they gonna be together. This whole court gonna be together the next two or three years and they can, you know, they, they got a chance to do, to have a dynasty too. Now you know that, right? For sure. Oh my goodness. Stay healthy. Yeah. Like I said, they got the offensive line. They got sold up. Yep. But yeah, I agree with a will a go get that money boy Trevor, Travis Hunter will attend the combine as a corner. Ocho. Are you surprised? No. Not at all.


Not at all. Listen, I am surprised a little bit because I said it and I've said it all the time, especially during season. I would love to see Travis Hunter on the off side of the ball and then play a few packages on defense. It's easier the other way. Yeah. I I I know. I'm just saying from a financial standpoint, when it's time to get paid, who makes more money? Huh? The receivers of the dbs. Receivers for sure. Okay. That, that's the, that's the only reason. But listen, I like, I like that he's going in as a db. It, it is gonna be nice. I'm excited to see him, especially in the drill. Especially in the drills to see his transition, how smooth he is, him getting in and outta breaks ball skills, stuff like that.


I think he going, he gonna do very, very, very well. And I'm saying when it's time to run the 40, I wouldn't be surprised if you run four two. I don't see him at that fast. I think high four. I think high four. Threes low. Four Fours. Listen, don't be surprised. Don't be surprised. He too long of a strider to run like that. I think Ocho you think you got that kind of speed? Any, they got those kind of wheels When you, when you specifically train, when you specifically train for the top time. Oh yeah. And you And you do speed training. Yep. You right. Taking back. Don't be surprised if he clocked four two high. 4 2, 4 2 8, 4 2 9. I think he, I think he gonna clipse it.


I'm telling you. But talking to everybody. Yes sir. There's like play that corner. Yes sir. And have some packages. What we were saying, everybody was jumping on us. Why he can't play every snap on offense and defense Because he can't. Possible Because he can't. And y'all just want to argue the fact with people that have played the game, that have studied the game. I ain't talking about No, we're not no casuals. We know what it takes to play at an elite level. Dion. Y'all should. Oh he better. What y'all do realize that Dion played baseball. Do you know how hard it is to hit a baseball?


And I ain't talking about no Dion wasn't just no guy. Yeah, he was the guy. Go Back, get your head in the World Series check his batting average. Yeah. He didn't play every single snap offensive defense. You're talking about one of the greatest athletes who have ever played. Yeah. He played two sports professionals. We see a lot of guys play two sports college collegiately. Yeah. We've seen a lot of guys play a bunch of sports in high school. But how many guys you see play two sports professionally and be great? That's very, I only seen two. Him and both. Now Brian Jordan played baseball and football, but he gave up football to play baseball. Right. Great decision because they way they make way more money and the money guaranteed.


But y'all argue me up and down. Oh, you a hater. You are a hater. Wasn't no hate. I'm just giving you factual information. Right. I think he's better suited at the cornerback and then they put packages in because of his athleticism for him at receiver. Yeah. But y'all just, well, a lot of times I, I, I just come to realize what your Sometimes people just wanna argue to argue, right? Yeah. I mean, hey, that, that's, that's the joy, that's the joy of this platform in general. Listen, difference in opinion. You state your peace, they state their peace, and we can agree to disagree. Yeah. I mean, as great as Michael Jordan was, and he was historically transcendent. He was mythical. Yeah. In basketball.


That baseball wasn't his thing. He, he loved it though. He he gave it a shot. Yeah. Dion could, no, no, no time could really play. Oh yeah. Bo Jackson. Bo Jackson went to the Allstar game. Bo Jackson won an MVP. Yeah. And the All Star game, Bo could really play time, could really play. And that's all we were saying based on the knowledge of the game. Yes, sir. Sir, he's not gonna be able to play a hundred snaps in the NFL. He can't. Yeah. Hold on. I got a question. Yes. I just thought about something. I, you know, the chat let you slide with it. I'm not gonna let you slide with it. Are you saying Michael Jordan wasn't good at baseball? He wasn't. Yeah, that's exactly what I'm saying.


Oh, we, we looked it up. Georgia Boys. Can we put that on a thing? Georgia High School. Most points in a game. In one game. I want you to, and, and Ocho, I mean, Georgia, can you pull this? I'm gonna turn this thing around because I want y'all, can you, can you focus in on that now? Zero down as much as you can. Jordan, I can't see, I can't see nothing. You sure that we Nah, no, no. We going Jordan gonna get that thing in the focus for you. I just see a white screen. Me too.


You can, you can you make it bigger. Jordan going, Jordan, go ahead here. Jordan gonna make something big for y'all because the only thing I don't like is being called a lie. It called me a lot of things. Oh, so I'm Arrogant. I I never said the L word. I never said The No, I ain't talking about you. Oh, we talking about the chat? Yeah, there it is. There it is. There's a guy's name right there. Who name is that? It's you. It looked like your, your name all in the bar. It looked like your name all the way at the bottom too. All this says is 52. That's Georgia. The most points score in a single game when it's 52 points.


What do y'all see? Hold On. It say 52. Are you sure it do it say I I don't know what I Oh sure. I can't read my glasses. Took my glasses off. I can't read. Hey, does it say 52 points? It say 52 minutes. Which one? Oh, What is that for? Hey Chad. Oh Chad, I know y'all ain't getting quiet. I Where's the cab? Chad? I need y'all to put all those blue caps back up there. Y'all got real quiet Chad. Y'all real quiet now. Don't do me like this. Don't do me like this Chad. Y'all just called me a lie now I want y'all to see what that is. Glenville High School, 1985. Now I go a guy named Shannon Sharp went to Glenville High School that graduated in 1986.


I wasn't left there for me. I want Chad. Okay. Where on the cap? I don't see no caps. Y'all Kevin, hold on. I know y'all keyboard is not broken. Where are the blue calfs? Hey, Y'all better stop playing with me. I told I be him. I'm, I'm trying, I'm trying to understand who made that, Trying to understand Kevin, what you trying to understand. Maybe I can help You. Is that chat GPT or does somebody just make that up? Don't do that. Ocho had I known, I might've stayed in the game and got me 60 because what got me going there is a dude from Little Whiskey that had 62.


We called him BI forget his name. He, he went to what's his name? Hey. Oh, he, his school's so little today. Daddy. He put him in there. But damn, somebody scored 30, scored 85, tack minor got 73. Damn. 73. See man, listen man, all these point, all these points, these people scoring, that lets me know the level of competition. It wasn't what it should be. 'cause ain't nobody shoot nobody to be scoring seven three points in anything. I don't care. Will scored, will scored a hundred in the, in the NBA game.


Show me the footage Show we scored a hundred. No footage of it. Has anybody in the chair seen footage of Wilt scoring a hundred points? It's like a folk tale. Ocho It's like a folk tale. They say Ocho the game wasn't even televised. You do realize even in the eighties they taped the late the finals. The NBA finals. You couldn't watch it live. They taped delayed it. So imagine in the NFL game Ocho the Super Bowl, you couldn't watch it live. It was tape delayed. You watched it the next day. Right? Oh, y'all see that? Huh? Y'all see that? Okay, now I can see, I can see it good now. Oh, you can see it good huh? Shannon sharp.


Glenville High School. 52 point. Well wait a minute. A whole bunch of people have 52. You talking about the state of Georgia ocho? How long they been playing basketball? Damn. Hey, yeah. Hey. Nah, nah. Hey y'all. They, they y you know what? Yeah, basketball ain't y'all score man. Huh? That's too, that's, that's too much. That ain't bad now y'all bad. Now the league, now the league was a wheelchair league. Now what This so y'all keep, y'all keep coming up with something. It might have was all I know. Proof in the pudding. Now proof in the pudding.


What kind of league? They said it was Wheelchair. Try to discredit osha. They can't do it though. And we won the game. How y'all feel about that, Chad? Yeah. Nah, I mean, before I was a little guy, I was deaf. You know what I'm saying? Don't y before I little I was deaf. I hear you. Hey Chad, I don't know where y'all went to high school, Chad, but if you look at the history of people that played basketball for your high school, depending on where you're from, everybody's scoring 52 or 60 or 73 point. Something ain't right. Ocho Something ain't Right. I do you understand how long O I'm that for the whole state.


Do you know how long they've been playing basketball? That's not in one season. I know a very, I a very long time. But listen, in Miami, the level of competition has always been elite. It's always been high. So you're not gonna have players outta Miami in the state. Florida Not known for no basketball players. Stop it. Okay, let's go to New York. Okay? Yes. Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, who was formerly Lou Alcindor. You got the great, you got the great Dr. Jake Julius Irving. You got Connie Hawkins. Yes. You got those guys. Kennedy j Smith. Yes. You got Legends. Stephan Marberry. Yes. Sebastian tell Yes.


Yeah. But they now formed 52 a game. Yes, they did. Yes. All right. You know we gonna, we gonna let we, we, we. Now he mad check You See he mad. I ain't mad he mad. Listen, hey, we gonna let you have it. We gonna let you have it. We gonna let you have it. And the famous Words of Urkel, did I do


that? Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. holmes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework


these days. It feels like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own, your home rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their start of homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. The American dream isn't dying. It's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it. And Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can own the dream. Visit rocket.com today or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, masters, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Ready for a new year health and fitness breakthrough that will blow your frigging mind. I'm Carl, co-founder of Body that's Body With an Eye. And this is the Body BOGO Sale right now. If you sign up for a one year subscription to Body, I'll pay for your entire second year. That's 78% off our monthly price and our best Deal ever. Look, it's not easy to get fit and lose weight, especially if you want healthy results. At Body, we make it simple to reverse years of unhealthy habits. We have over 130 structured programs like four beginners only 21 Day Fix, P 90 x and Insanity. Our app also has complete eating plans and thousands of healthy, delicious recipes. Let's take the guesswork out of getting you fast results. The next 500 people who sign up for a year of body get a full second year free. It's time to love your body. Just go to body.com. That's BOD i.com.


Oh Joe, apparently the Steelers inquired about trading for Trevor Lawrence. Woo. Pretty wild. Given that Justin Fields has been constantly posting photos of himself in a Steelers uniform on his Instagram throughout the re week. Fields is hoping to re be resigned by the Steelers ocho, Trevor Lawrence to the Steelers. You know what I mean? So Trevor Lawrence to the Steelers, right? We're Jacksonville picking in the draft again. They high up two. Jacksonville gotta be like what? Top five, top six.


They picking five. Five. Whoa, whoa. That, that make no sense because the two, the two top quarterbacks, they gonna be gone before five. I know that much. The two top quarterbacks, Shado and Cam Water gonna be gone before five unless they sneak up and grab one. But hey, how about this Here I trade you five, I trade you my pick, I swap positions with you. I give you my first round pick. I give look. Guess what? Okay, we're gonna trade you. I give you, Jacksonville's gonna pick five. Steelers wanna come up to five. So I gotta trade places. I get next year's one, next year's two and the next year and the, the following year. So I get 26 1, I'll get 26 2 and I'll get 27 3.


And so Trevor Lawrence to the Steelers then. Yeah. And you think that's the answer? I think the Steelers believe that's that. I think for the Steelers, you have quarterback, they need quarterback play Ocho. They really do. So you don't, you don't believe in Justin Fields and what he was able to do when they started the season off four and two before Russell Wilson took over. Understand your thoughts. Yeah. Well, Ocho for them to inquire about Trevor Lawrence, what do they believe? Forget me and you, me and you can junkie right here. You and I can have spit ball and throw, bounce stuff off the wall. What do, what are the Steelers telling you? If they're willing to inquire about somebody outside of their building.


Okay. You right. Ooh, that's tough. Get out my timeline. I'm done. I done dropped deport. I know. Yeah. Biz Carter's from Florida. So is TB Where's adman from? Georgia. Where's Dwight Howard from Georgia, Kenny Walker, Georgia. So look, but normally those southern states, they, we normally produce basketball players. You start going north, you go to, you go to New York. Yeah. You know California, they normally have basketball and football. Right. But in the south, the weather, you know, we known for, bro, we football, Florida, Georgia, South Carolina.


We start going up the coast, don't you? You come on bro. Right, right, right, right. Louisiana, Texas. Yeah. You gonna have some, you got baseball players come from all over. But y'all know what we do. I'm done. Y'all know what I did. Y'all see it? Y'all saw it. Y'all 52. Yo. You Didn't know that. I know we, we saw it, but it it ain't, I just some questions about it, you know, I, I just, I just want to add, but I, Are you calling the state of Georgia a lie? No, I'm not trying. I'm not, I don't wanna sound like I hate him. I'm, I'm just, and just Well that would it Sound like from over here, Chad, does it sound like he hating y'all? No. No, I'm not trying to hate him. I'm just saying so many people scored so many points over an extended period of time from a Pacific State lets me know that the people in that Pacific State suck at the game of basketball.


That's all. Lisa Leslie had 101 points at the half of a basketball game in California. Go look at the state of California and see what their records are. Go look at the state of New York and see what their scoring records are. All right. You Right. I know it's hard for you to believe because your boy played football. You know what I'm saying? I had, I put the foot, I put the basketball down. But listen, that, that's not a bad thing because listen, I think listen, make to some or your belief, you might be a better basketball player than a football player. But the same thing goes with me. I'm a better soccer and tennis player than ain't a receiver. You ain't playing no tennis. I'm a be, I'm a be matter of fact, I'm glad you just said that.


I'm glad you just said that because I'm playing in the Miami Open in the exhibition match March, March 20th. I believe. If I'm, if, if I'm not mistaken, I forgot who my opponent is, then you'll be able to see, see anytime I say something, there will always be video evidence to fall behind it. If anybody in the chat that's been following me for a while, they can show you that I I can play tennis very well. Oh. Oh, What about, what about MLO Ball? He, he scored 92. So is that any, are they any good? Hold on. Hold on. What the, who the Miller Ball played for? What? Weren't they way out there in the suburb? Chino Hills? They played in Chino Hills. Oh. They can't play, they can't play no hoop in Chino Hills. Man, they can't play Hoop.


He dropped 92. So what about that Ocho? He dropped 92 in the game. He ain't hear what I just said. Huh? What? They can't play, they can't hoop it out there in Chino Hills. There ain't no hoopers. They ain't no hoopers. The man dropping 92. Okay. I'm listen, I I ain't got nothing. Listen, Lalo the real dead. Listen, Lalo is the real deal in the NBA so I can understand him dropping 92. Now that I understand you took, I just chose to go on different route. I chose to go a different route. Joe, you quarter. Alright, Quarter. Who knows? You right, you're right. I'm gonna let you have it. I'm gonna let you have it. I love it.


It seems that the Steelers are looking to trade their first and second round picks for trouble. Lawrence Steelers, if y'all think you're gonna be able to get tr thank you Ocho. If you think you're going to be able to get Trevor Lawrence. Oh, Ocho, here's the thing. Jacksonville wouldn't have to give up anything. Jacksonville would get to stay at five. Right now if we get to Steelers first round pick, we can package that move up. Maybe get a quarterback. That's what we feel. But it's gonna take more. If y'all think y'all gonna be able to get Trevor Lawrence for a one and a two, y'all are out your damn mind. I don't understand what the Jaguars are gonna do. What are they gonna do?


You need a quarterback. So you are letting go of a quarterback that you assumingly don't believe in to this point. Who has all the intangibles? I mean, he passes the eye test. I mean, I'm man already you throwing in the, you you waving the white flag already. Jesus. Talk about impatience. Oh Joe, this is the fifth straight year. A former Giants first round pick has won the Super Bowl. Jason Pierre Paul with the bs. Odell Beckham Jr. With the Rams Caius. Tony won twice with the Chiefs and now Saquon.


It seemed like the Giants got get more guys first Round picks winning championship with other teams. Then they do their own. The the, the funny thing about it is they haven't been able to get it right despite all the talent they did. They didn't listen. They've been drafting. Right. They've been drafting. Right. Because everybody just name was that boy at one point in time. Hell say they wanna steal that boy JP well not, Not Tony, that boy who didn't jab Not Tony. We could bypass that. He wasn't that, he wasn't that guy. He was in college. He was insatiably in college. I saw him at Florida. You remember him in the, I remember him. The SEC championship game Florida against Alabama.


Nasty. Nasty. He He was crazy. He was crazy. Yeah. But for whatever reason, you know? Yeah, I feel issues, behavior issues stalled out his stalled out his career. Yeah. So the Rams reportedly want the number three pick from the Giants from Matthew Stafford. Rams don't want to restructure Stafford's deal and are reportedly getting tired of his wife constantly talking publicly. The Rams could then look to trade down from three to acquire more picks next year to move, to move up for a quarterback. Bring that to me one more time.


The Rams reportedly wants the number three pick for the Giants. From the Giants for Matthew Stafford. I like that move. I like, I like that. I like that move for staff. I'm not giving up, I'm not giving up the number three pick for no for no 36, 30 7-year-old quarterback. Listen, when's the last time the Giants had a quarterback? Eli Manning. How long in the day? Yes. Okay. It's, it's, it's been a minute. If you wanna win now, if you wanna make some changes, you go get your Super Bowl winning quarterback that knows how to win can throw that damn ball. I like it. Stafford. The s talk to me Stafford, the Jalen Hyatt talk to me. Jalen Wyatt Hyatt.


It's Hyatt. Yes. Hyatt. Yeah. Oh, y'all, there's another Jalen for the, the Patriots. Yeah, I think he Jalen po Ocho. But here, this is what Ocho this is what would concern me. What what, what part? Matthew Stafford has really never played outdoors. Oh, I knew he Was from there. He went from Detroit. He went to the Rams. I knew he was gonna say that. Would you be concerned for a 36, 30 7-year-old not playing outdoors? Not with that kind of arm like that. Did you see him against the Eagles in the snow? I Did. There are very few quarterbacks who can whip it like that in the snow.


Okay. Aaron Rogers himself. Stafford, you know, in a, in a sled. Josh Allen Mahomes. It ain't too many of 'em can throw like that Now Burrow. Yeah. I do realize, I know the Rams don't wanna redo his deal. I like Matt. I think he's phenomenal. Met his wife a couple times. She's great. But she loves her husband and she thinks the, they haven't shown the kind of respect for someone that has done what he's done for them. And she ain't got no problem. But I also, but here's the thing though, Ocho what, what I tell you, when you say something and you got a significant other, or a family member says something, where does the team, where do that fan base think that's coming from The individual.


Okay. I Just, I Hey, right or wrong or indifferent. I'm just telling you how the mind say it. Yeah, absolutely. If, if I, if if I said if, if my brother, my sister said something, bucket Burn said something. Oh, that Even though everybody, it ain't come from me. Right. Oh man. You know they get that from a re say something. Your homeboy, one of your homeboys say something man. You the man you know man, you the owe your done total. I don't know why they don't wanna do redo the man contract. Damn man. Staff is still throwing that thing. But I know they like Sson Bennett ain't cheap and they saying we need more pieces.


Right. So they got a very good defense Married. They and they young. Yeah, but you got, you gotta be careful. You gotta be careful. What's that go defensive young. I know they're hungry. I know they're playing. They're, they're playing well. Verse and the rest of them boys. But uncle, you need a quarterback to compete man. I do. I believe I know you do. You absolutely need a quarterback to compete. You not winning without one. Yeah. The Volume.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad-free interface? A distraction-free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in depth school info Perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources. They've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com We've done your homework


At David's bridal. Love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom dress and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person. Book an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more@davidsbridal.com.


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to Fame smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age, self prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


You know more about the PayPal debit card than you did at the start of this podcast. You know that the PayPal debit card gives you the ability to pay everywhere. You know that you earn 5% cash back on a category of your choosing on up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. And you know that you get to pick a new category every month. Apparel for back to school groceries for the holidays. Start earning 5% cash back with the PayPal debit card today. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app. This card is issued by the Bancorp Bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International, Inc.