
John Stewart is back at The Daily Show, and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan Ard. Type on a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Amers here, and after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food and ad's. Favorite wrestling. It's all on lit tabla. Listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin Demur and the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


NFL playoffs. We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring Touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at DraftKings. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six, go to draft King Sports book app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers To get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at Draftking. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap as we wrap up Wild Card Week weekend. The Rams do a demolition job 27 to nine on the Minnesota Vikings. I remind you of 14 and three Minnesota Vikings. So much for that reeding. But anyway, the Rams move on. They're moving on to Philly to take on the Eagles as they win 29, 27 to nine over the Minnesota Vikings. Please. Thank you. I am your favorite. Uncle Shannon Sharp. That guy ticked off a little bit. Is your favorite Bengal, the Ring of Famer. The Hall of Famer.


The Ringle is the, excuse me, the Ringle. The Bengal Liberty City legend. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We want to thank you for your support and your continued support. Support in 25 and beyond. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock. Hopefully your team is winning in the playoffs and you have an opportunity to celebrate. What better way to celebrate than Will a bottle of Shea by La Porter. If you cannot find it in a city or state near you, order it and we will ship it directly to your door.


Please, please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84, our newest release with 84 being spelled out. Our newest release just dropped last month. We got shirts, sweats, beanies, coons and mugs. Quantities are limited, so please or order yours while supplies last tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. It's our first spring tour stop. And the tickets are on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. February the sixth in New Orleans at the Mahalia Jackson Theater. Be there. You don't wanna miss it. Both Nightcap and Club Shehe have been nominated for NAACP Image Awards.


Nightcap was nominated for outstanding podcasts, arts, sports and Entertainment Club. Shehe was nominated for outstanding podcasts. So Society and Culture. Please go vote for you guys. The link is pending. Our social bios Ocho before we get into the game, there was a lot going on today. S sm Shehe Media. We add an addition under our umbrella. We're going to produce and distribute Humble Baddies and a lot of speculation is going on. Did UNC tell Ocho about this situation? I didn't know I was supposed to tell. We running a business here and No, I did not tell Ocho I didn't feel, I didn't feel I needed to tell Ocho we're running a business and when you run a business, you do what's in the best interest of the business.


Ocho Not, not really in the best interest of the business. We are, we are a partnership. You and I, we start, we started Nightcap. If we are part, we did. Yeah. If, if we are partners, anything that has to do with something that was a part of my life, which is including her and she leaves my life, that means she's no longer a part of what I have going on. That's including Nightcap. So just because you and I from a a, a relationship, from a football relationship to a business relationship, if she decides to leave me and my life, that means she's gone. So you my dog. So that means I did Say that. Well, I remember saying that Ocho I remember you and I had this conversation. You said that So you not even standing on business about what you said and how you live based on your whole, your, your morals and the way you operate.


You're right. I lied a little bit. Ocho this business we trying to make, I'm trying to make money. Don't you wanna make money? Yeah. Yeah. I, I wanna make money, but listen, all money ain't good money. All money ain't good money. You, that's, that's something that you didn't have to do. As matter of fact, if you were going to do something like that, something like that, you know how I felt about the situation already? She left. Right? She left. Okay. So if she decides to leave me, sign her and not even running by me and let me know something. Give a heads up. Give me gimme some type of warning. Let me know. Hey, listen, I'm thinking about something Ocho I signed railing. I signed railing her girls to a a contract. I'm letting you know. Here you go with the bullshit Ocho. I just, hold on, hold on.


No, no, no, no, no. You told me when you leave, you done. That's one less expense. So I figured, I was like, well, Ocho don't really care, so let me go ahead and and make this happen. Yeah, I I'm saying you gotta understand, you gotta understand where I'm coming from. It's, it's about, it's about principle. You know, you, you supposed to, you a dog. You, I mean you a dog. No, you, we got, you gotta play that different. You got, you gotta play that different. So all things being equal, how should I have played this out? Boom. Hit my line. Ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring. Okay. Ocho check this out. Yeah. You remember back in Atlanta, REL and I had a conversation. She had a podcast and she was wondering if I would be interested in having my company produce it and distribute the podcast.


She said she talked to you. She said it was okay. I said, sure, REL, let's talk, let's reconvene. You and I Ash to jump on a call on Monday, which we did, and we hashed. We discussed it, and we finally got everything. You know, we got them what they needed. We're gonna produce the show, we're gonna distribute the show. And you know, they're gonna do it a shoot it a couple of times a week instead of the one time a week. They're gonna go twice a week. And she was really excited about this. She said, you were excited about this. Yeah. Now, once the, once we start down an agreement, right? I gotta be a man of my work. I say yes. Whoa, we're gonna do this. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. Time out, time out, time out. When you guys had that talk, when I was excited about the opportunity for her to join under the umbrella.


Yes. Shea Media, you know, doing her thing. I'm listen, I, I would happy for her, but once she decides to leave me, when she decides to leave me, she leaves us. She leaves anything that has to do with Nightcap. No, she left you media. Huh? She left you, she was still with Shehe Media. So see, see, see what I'm talking about Principal alone? If she leave me, then you should be like, listen, I can't work with you more. There, there are so many. I had already given her the money. Oh, you did? Yeah. How much, how much that tweet you were, listen, I tell you what I would give whatever the advance was, I give it back to you.


But I, I just don't, I really don't think that's a good look because now, you know, we if we in a rough patch right now. Right. And who is We? Huh? Who we Oh, you and her. I thought you talking about you and I with a rough fact. You're a good Fact. We, we good. We good. We good. I mean, okay. If I was in front of you and we would've had a tussle today though, we would've had a tussle. Yeah. We would've had, First of all, first of all, I'm gonna beat hell at you because you already over $5,200 and you tried to take more money outta my pocket with ra. Matter of fact, the fact you definitely ain't getting no money now, you definitely gonna have to get in blood that you ain't running that by me. You ain't even running that by me. Okay. So you said I gotta take it in blood.


That's the only way you get it. Don't mind if I do. Don't. So they can stop trolling. Who? The Ocho the Ocho million. Yeah. Make sure y'all go subscribe to Humble Baddies podcast. Thank you. She, Shea Media, your Aunt Chad. We love y'all. Thank y'all for the support. And he is our number one supporter. He was the first one to subscribe to Humble Baddies. Hey, but listen, listen, listen. People in the chat, I was trolling a little bit earlier today now, this, this, this. Now listen, this, this is all business.


I I understand business. It's all about putting your people on, you know, allowing them to allow them to, to flourish and whatever endeavors that they, I was a, a supporter of this, but this does not change things. No. This does not change things at, at home. The foundation, the forefront still needs some work. You know, it still needs some work, but I I and You. Yeah. But, but anyway, I, I'm happy, I'm happy for colleagues, I'm excited for their show. I'm going to be producing and doing the editing and other, other, other than that, That's what we not gonna allow to do. That's not what we, now you welcome, you welcome to join in and be a guest.


Have your little guest bottle there. Right, right, right, right. But we're not gonna let you edit. We're not gonna let you produce because I'm, I'm here to be a supporter. I'm here to be a supporter, you know, and if at any point she wants to, you know, reconvene and, and, and, and reconcile our differences and, you know, I sit down and we'll, we'll, we'll talk about it. But that's great. I mean, you have been RA's biggest supporter because you brought it to us that RA wanted to be a part of Shehe Media. And when she mentioned it in Atlanta, I was like, let's reconvene on Monday. We actually had this conversation. You mentioned it to me. Rel had, you know, she had up doing her thing and she wanted to put it with somebody that had the infrastructure Yeah.


That can make the thing be what she believes it can be. Yeah. With her and her partners. And I said, okay, let's talk to Rel. Rel had a conversation with me. I said, well, let's talk, you and I and Ash should get on the phone on Monday and we'll have a conversation. Yeah. And if we can see if this is something that could work. But rel this is a lot of work. I mean, this is not something that you do if you really wanted to be successful. Right. Which you found out Ocho this takes a lot of work. Yeah. If you want it to be successful. Yeah. Now, if you wanna do something as a hobby that says, okay, I got a little, Mike got a camera and I wanna do something 20, 30 minutes a day, that's fine. But if you really want this thing to be successful and to want it to grow, you have to devote a certain amount of time to it.


And, and, and knowing real her background, how she turned her real estate thing into a big deal. Right. She has a show on Netflix that's coming out, I think in a, in a week or two Ocho. So I know she's going to work to make it, make it possible. Yeah. But what I, but the thing is, but you see Ocho what you get an opportunity to see, you get opportunity to see how people wanna tear you apart real quick, don't they? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You see how they jump? You see how they jumped on that so far? So to try to rip you and I apart, so now you see Yeah. Everybody talking about, oh, I love Nightcap. No they don't. No they don't. And then guys, all y'all that got that thing, oh, there might be trouble brewing and Nightcap and UNC and Ocho.


We appreciate that, that pub, because there are certain guys out there because y'all spend a lot of time talking about Shannon Sharp, talking about what Shannon doing on the ES, espn, what he's doing here, what Ocho is doing. We really appreciate that. Yeah. Now how y'all looking? Yeah. And How y'all looking right now. It It's, it's, it's all love. It's all love. It's, it's all love for all, all our competitors out there. You know how I feel about you. I still love you anyway. There's a big plate and there's enough for all of us, Steve. There's enough for all of us. See, you know, you, you need to understand that. And something about before Nightcap, before Nightcap, before it was ever came about, Shannon Sharp was a friend of mine, Shannon Sharp will always be a friend of mine, you know, business. I would never allow business some money to get in the way of that. Never. I've never been one to fall out about stuff like that.


There was an opportunity that presented itself. Obviously Mrs and I, you know, we, we, we, we, we going through some, some rough times right now, you know, you know. But when it comes to business, when it comes to continue to elevate her and her career and what she has going on all for it. Even though we might not be seeing eye to eye right now, you know, I'm, I'm all and thank you though Joe before Sha before I got here and Yeah. And, and Shehe Media Club. She, she Nightcap took off. How many of those people that had podcasts mentioned Shannon Sharp before this thing took off with you and I Ocho how many of the things, how many people mentioned Ocho and Shannon Sharp, right? It seems to me that the only content that they can create is self-made.


Is you and I? Yes, sir. You and I have a disagreement about you coming late. You and I disagreement about the players or something. You disagree. I disagree. Go ahead. I have a question. Can I say something real quick? Go ahead. And this Yeah, it's for people in the chat. People in the chat. And this is for you and, and and our team, you know, collectively, I'm never late actually you just starting too damn early. That's the problem. I ain't never late. You know, you just starting too goddamn damn early. We kinda have a floating time. We kinda like wanna start between these, but sometimes Ocho float past that. Yeah. Yeah. But this is a great opportunity. Pharrell.


There're gonna be more, that's gonna be more people that's gonna join Sheha Media. We got meetings with a lot of other people coming down the pipeline. So in the near future, we're gonna add probably one, two, maybe even three. By June we'll have three more up under the umbrella that we'll produce. We'll distribute. Right. And go ahead, OCHA. I I have one more thing. Now I understand this is business, right? I, I I know and I'm all for business and I I'm all for making money, you know, and sometimes they see all, all money ain good money, the the hell it is and this economy. Well if I can get it gotta happen. So is there anything, is there anything we can structure in her contract where I can get a certain percentage based on a finder's fee?


Because What railed you to give you out her, out their cut that between you or Ra? We, we, what we gonna do is go get her check every month. That's all I got for you. That's between you and Rel. I ain't got nothing to do with that. No, I Don't play. The one thing I don't do is I don't play, look, I'm not the government now unless we get something from the gov from the agency that say we need to garnish rails wages. Right? I ain't touching that. Well, Let's, let's, let's pretend my name is my, my, let's pretend my, my, my last name is Sam and my first name is uncle. So I'm asking you to garnish a small percentage of a finder's fee and whatever she gets monthly and just send it to me if that's okay.


That The thing they zone. I ain't messing with real money like that. What say ra I told him, I said good thing that check ain't gonna shell rosato you where it's gonna, I said A-L-A-L-L-C What RA is a LLC. So in other words, RA is a business. So ra ra would get all of the money. Rel will then be responsible for the taxes on said money. You know, I know how to get round taxes and all that. You know That, that between you and Rel, how y'all get that ain't got nothing to do with my company.


I'm not Finn take lock my issue up. That's between, that's between you and re But we are excited about having the Humble Baddies podcast up under the Shea media umbrella. We're very excited about Rel and her team. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Time out. Time out. Now if you a batty, you can't be humble. So we might have to, we might have to change the name. No, they saying they bad, but they humble. They don't be out there, you know, talking about Yeah. I'm a bad be and all that other stuff. Y'all know it, y'all see the way we walk, y'all see the way we carry ourselves.


Y'all know what it is. This, this one here. Like the way she, the way she talk to me, you know it. At sometime, I, I don't, I don't think God would like that. I like that. I don't think, you know, I, I dunno. Especially now. Especially now. 'cause it little different, you know, you know, she see me and she view me in a different lens right now. So, you know, she, she, she got the mouth of Satan sometime. Huh? You Look, you understand what you dealing with. Look, when you deal with a stepper, when you know that there are other, that, that she's a looker. Yeah. That no matter where you go, whether she's with you or she's alone, right? People are gonna look men and women, you accept that? Hold on. I, and you wouldn't want her if they weren't looking right?


I'm, I'm a stepper too. What? You, what Exactly? Hold, Hold on now let, let's, let's not forget, let's not, man, don't make me come up out this shirt, man. Hey Ocho. But when they in a high, in, in on the, in the penthouse, right? If it costs the amenities gotta be great, right? You got marble, you got hardwood, okay. Yeah. If you a penthouse your accessory piece, Right? Gotta be up to par. Hey, you, you know, you know what they say, What they say. You know, they say they can tell how much money a man got based on what he got on his hip. For sure. Yeah. Yeah. What On his hip?


On his hip. There ain't got on here. See? You see, see what I'm talking about? What you say? I'm telling her what I just said. My little friend. You know, you could tell how much money dude got based on who he got on. You know who he got on your hip. She's about ain't number Bones on that hip. So guys, please go subscribe to Humble Batty page. The link is pinned at the top of the chat right now. So again, there it is. Right there you can see. Congratulations rel congratulations to the rest of the ladies. Congratulations Ash. And what, what's, what's his name? Alexis. Yeah.


Al Alexis and Ash. Congratulations. You know, I could be, I let me be a guest. Let me be a guest because I, I I got something to get off my chest. Yeah, No, Banny. Alright Ocho, let's get into the game. But again, congratulations. Humble Baddies for their, their podcast Re Ash and Alexis, those three have a podcast that's gonna be twice a week up under the She Shea Media brand. We'll produce it, we'll distribute it, but they have, they have creative control over it. So that's the way they wanted it. We're glad we could be a part, glad we can come to an agreement.


Yeah. So we're very, very excited to have them up under the Shehe Media umbrella.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondents and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show. Here's edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liar's Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd Nam RK tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NHL scripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Amir, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp. How about the sport and all the other things to running it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now you wish You could pull off my short shorts Burke That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts


Now to this game. The Rams defense put on a dominance performance against, as the Rams routed the Vikings 27 to nine, the Rams now will travel to effects Philadelphia on Sunday in the divisional round of the playoffs, the Rams tied an NFL postseason record with nine sacks. And they, they were coming tonight and they could swim. They Neville Gemorra that Neville g that's never Gallimore to play with Dallas. Wow. He didn't do that with Dallas. He had one and a half Sack B Young had one and a half sack Hawk had a half a sack with a spoon, had a sack. The rag had a sack. D Johnson had a sack.


Fisk had a sack. Didn't bur have one too? Oh, Jeff, I guess they took his sack. But they were all, they were all over tonight. They were really all over Sam Donald. He didn't have an opportunity and then he fumbled, gave up a scooping score of course. And that was, that was really it. But this defense, look, we know the Rams can pressure the quarterbacks. Yeah, but we didn't see this. Not This, no matter of fact, not this. Yeah. What we saw for the ram tonight. Oh, I'm gonna be, listen, they got there front four, the two rookies on the outside. Phenomenal. I'm talking on the, on the inside. Worse and young. Yeah. Phenomenal players.


Now, when they came from a defensive standpoint, I gave the ads to the goddamn the Vikings. Vikings Because they're a pressure team. Yes. Because he's a pressure team. And most of the time, 98% of the time they get to the quarterback, make him uncomfortable as far as his decision making in Russian throws. So that's what I thought I was gonna see tonight. Oh. But I'm looking at the game like what in the world is going on? And just like you always say, no matter how you play in the postseason, I mean, might know how to, no matter how you play in the regular season, when you get to the postseason, it's one game. One Game. Doesn't matter if you got 14 wins, if you got eight wins, you got nine wins in just one game. And what team is gonna show up tonight and the Rams show up tonight. That cool boy, Hey they guy, guy a Puka Higby made some big time catchers.


Cooper Cup only had Cooper Cup had one target. It was a big time catcher. 29 yarder. Yeah. Obviously Kyron Williams had a receiving touchdown. He ran really, really hard. Look, the Ram struggled. If you go back and look, I think they started the season one in four. Yeah. They were bad everybody. Yep, they were. And then all of a sudden they got hot and they did not. And they did not look back. Stafford started playing better. But it was that defense, the defense started generating pressure, taking the ball away, creating turnovers, putting their offense on short fields and the guys started capitalizing. Yeah. But Ocho if they play like this here, I don't know if 22, I don't know if 22 points is gonna get it done for Phil.


It they're gonna have to play better than what they played against Green Bay. I, I, I said that yesterday. I said that yesterday. I had people in, in, you know, in the chat or tweet me today. Who you say, who you say not gonna be able to score or, or, or beat Philly not scoring. You need to be able to put up numbers you need to be able to put up, because when, when you come in there next week, you gonna have to get Devonte Smith involved. You gonna have to get AJ Brown involved because you have a high powered offense was with, I'm talking, I'm getting ready to say Sam Donald what? With Matt Stafford. Who gonna score who? Hooper Cup Conman Williams. The tight ends. Everybody Who Bigby Yep. Is Involved in, in that offense. The Eagles got to match that energy.


Yeah. They have to match that energy and get contributions from everybody. Ocho they're gonna have, they're going to have To run the football to slow that path. Rush down. Because see the night they really couldn't, Minnesota really couldn't generate a rush. Yeah. So they threw caution to the wind and No, once you see blood in the water of the sharks, yeah. They gonna turn, it's gonna turn into a frenzy. Yeah. You see a lot of times now they freaked. They they got 'em a couple times they brought the double edge. Yeah. Justin Jefferson went in motion and they, they knew like when Jefferson goes in motion Yeah. He never looks hot. They don't run hot to that side. Right. So what we gonna do, we gonna bring both of 'em off that both of of 'em off that side.


Yeah. And neither one of them look back, we were always taught Ocho, if you come in motion Yeah. Just take a glance back if nobody runs with you. Right. Why you not, why you not moving? Why y'all didn't bump out somebody come, come up Ocho I, I don't like this because normally when somebody come in motion, if a guy's already over the outs inside guy Yeah. He's going bump to, to the outside. Well if he don't come my intent that he coming Yeah. Ain't no way. Ain't no way he gonna stay there and leave me by myself. Yeah. And the funny thing about it, especially when something like that, I would think, and I would hope, but obviously they don't, you would have hot bros built in. You should have hot Bros built in no matter what.


And obviously he didn't, you know, DV coming right off the edge and no unblocked Justin Jefferson. He, no, he just running down the field and it's not fault. It's not his fault. And then one of the interceptions. One of the interceptions. I just wanna talk receiver talk real quick, just, just, just real quick on Addison. I can't remember number fourteens name from the Rams Justin Durant? Yes. Out the, out that bunch Slick, I mean out that bunch. Look with the condensed split where Addison had the out route. I wish if with understanding if he can hold that inside shoulder just a little bit longer and take 'em towards four yours just to get the DV to open up. Just if you can get him to open up, even if the throw is inside it, give you a chance to adjust to it and make the catch where the DV still has the transition and flip just to make a play on the ball.


But when you just, when you just roll out of it and he not opened up yet, all you gotta do is just come on right down to the ball. If, if it's a bad throw. Yeah. Hold on Ocho I know it's, it is. Hold on. Kobe Durant, that's his name, 14 for the Rams. Kobe Durant. Yeah. It was A good Play. It was, it was a good play by Kobe Most sack yards lost most sack yardage lost at a playoff game in NFL history. Sam Darn has the record now. 82 total yards on nine sack. The record was in in January on December 31st in 1967.


Oh, was that the ice bowl? That might have been the ice bowl. The cowboy sack Bart Star for a total of 76 yards. Mm. That that's the coldest. I think that might be the coldest game. That was the Ice Bowl 12 31 19 67. Right. The cowboy sack. They lost most sack yarders lost in a playoff game in NFL history. Sam Donald now holds that record with 82 yard sack yards lost Bart Star had the record in the Ice bowl with the Cowboys sacked him Right. For 76 yards. But the difference is the Packers won.


Yeah. If, oh, that was the last, that was the last NFL championship then. Huh. But with that, I don't think they was called it the Super Bowl then. I think that was the NFL championship. I'm almost certain. Damn. Because next year it was next year It was the Super Bowl started in next year in 68. And you know, I I was, I was, I was hoping I was, I was excited. Oh man, I thought, I thought it, it would've been a much more competitive game. I wa I did. IIII really thought he was. And I listen, when I was on inside the NFL and we talked about who I thought was gonna win on Ultra Predictor, I only picked the Vikings simply because of the defense and what Brian Flores was able to do throughout the entirety of the season.


Matthew Stafford in the offense, they got the ball out so fast. Even if you did bliss, it didn't even matter. Right. Because weren't gonna get there. The ball was coming out so fast. But you, they, they run a, but if you look at the Rams offense, a lot of that, that's why they're able to beat the BLI a lot because they got a lot of bubble screens. They lot got a lot of jailbreak screens. They run a lot of shallow crosses. They got, they got a lot of building inside of Jess. So it's hard to trap them Now occasionally you can get 'em. Yeah. But a lot of that is built in. Cooper Cup is right there. Puka does a great job of getting her head around. And you know, Sean McVey is really, really creative. He does a great job of, of understanding like, okay, in this downing distance, a lot of the time they like to bring a blitz.


Right. So if they bringing a blitz, that means their man on the other side. So what we need to do is get the ball into our guy's hand, Cooper Cup hook naco, and now we get two blockers or we get a blocker out there in front. He break the tackle. Now that's a big, that's a big game. And, and, and they've done a great job of that for the, since Sean McBee has been there. And the thing that was Matt Stafford, the way his ability to change arm angles Ocho Yeah. He can go overhand and he can slide, he can side arm it. He got, but I don't know if, I don't know if that was a pass when that, that scoop score when, you know, that, That, that was, that was supposed to be a fumble. I I, I thought hook two Fumble. But the fun, you know, the thing that saved Matt Stafford on that play where even some people were still question it is the fact that Kuku was right there.


Yes, he was, he was literally right there. Yes. Yes. And that definitely that I think, I think you're absolutely right. I think that did save him because had it not, maybe they would've called intentional grinder, but because the guy scooped and scored Right. That would've been a touchdown. And and I think that changed, that changed the complexion of the game because now all of a sudden Ocho what that have tied the game up. I'm, I'm not mistaken that that have tied the ball game up. Right. And so yeah, turnovers are huge in this situation. And what, what did he have? Sam Donald had one p he had one pick one touchdown, nine sacks for 82 yards. Matthew Stafford got, got two for seven yards, 19 to 27, 2 touchdowns.


And Matthew Stafford had a couple of drops. Yeah. Tight end dropped one. But Addison dropped two big ones though. And I, it, it's hard to hold onto that ball when you're, that hop in the air, you hit the ground unless you got a real farm hole on it. Right. That body jars and that ball's going to pop out. So, but look, Minnesota had a great season, but tonight the Rams were the better team. Yeah. They outplayed 'em from top to bottom and hold on. The ra and the Rams made a bone head play on special team. They ran into the punter. Gave, gave, who did they give? They the the vices Another opportunity. Yeah. But that defense tonight, they look good.


That's the good of performance. How do you that you're gonna see each other. Right. How do you see it playing out against the Eagle, the Eagles and Rams? How do you see It? The Eagles gonna have to run the football to slow that pass rush down. That's the only thing they could stop the pass rush. Right. Because it got into a point where they couldn't run the football and so there was no, there was no disguise, there was no fault of them running the football. Right. And even when they did run and said, you know what, we'll give y'all a little three or four yards. We don't believe y'all can hurt us with the run. Right. But we believe those receivers, Hawkinson, Jefferson, Addison Naylor, we believe that's where you could hurt us at. So what we're gonna do, we're gonna cut the head off the snake. Right. And then we're gonna let the body just, and me, you know, just middle around and, and they ca I I mean I've got, I'm trying to think Ocho you probably gotta go back.


Tennessee did a number on on you guys, but Bur was able to pull it out. Remember when y'all guys went on the road to Tennessee? Yeah. Oh yeah. Okay. They sacked him nine times. But as far as like a dominating performance, you gotta go back to that. Maybe what the Broncos did to Cam and the Super Bowl. Oh, this, this is what that looked like. Ojo. Yeah. They was all over him the way, I mean, because Cam really didn't have no time and me Bond was on him. De Ware was on him Wolf, I forget the other Malik, Malik Jackson. That was just four man pressure. Yeah. And a lot of this was, now a lot of this was just four man pressure. Yeah. They brought a couple of cap blitzes, brought the edge, brought the, the slot blitz a couple of times to, to catch him off guard.


They caught him. But really that was versed, that was young and that was Turner. Yeah. And they got home, never Gallimore had a game, had a game, maybe played himself into a a a big time contract. Contract. Yeah. But these guys, that defense was coming. Hell, I was like, damn, when did they slip Aaron Donald back out there? I'm like that, that, that defense looked, they had Aaron Donald that's, and they had Bond and they had Leonard Ford when they went to the Super Bowl that year on that, on that, that run to the Super Bowl. Yeah. Late in the season then in the playoffs. That's what that defense looked like tonight. They got out, they got out the Minnesota, they knew the passing game was what the Minnesota could rely on to beat them. And they took that away.


And this thing was, it was over. I mean Ocho, when this thing got what it was 20. It was 24 to three at the halve. You are like, y'all not coming back. It Was, it was over there. It was over there at that point. Yes, it absolutely was. But the Rams move on. They face the Eagles on Sunday. Yeah. Oh yeah. Rare. The Washington commanders play Detroit. Bring one on Saturday. Okay, Ocho, now it's time to welcome in. Baltimore. Ravens receiver, he got the party started Saturday night early. He caught the touchdown, the first touchdown from Lamar Jackson. Rashad Bateman.


Rashad. How's it going bro? Man, thanks for joining us. We're doing great. Rashad. Look, you guys played unbelievable on, on Saturday. You guys dominated the ball game. You got off to an early start. The first drive you go down score a touchdown. But what was the, what was the, what's what this, this team, this offense, this team, it looks different, this playoff compared to last year. Did, is there a difference? What have you noticed different? Is the practices different? Are you guys meeting different, did Coach Harbaugh change anything because you guys had a, a look in your eye that like look yeah, we're excited about this one but we got something else in mind.


Yeah man, I would definitely say the, the team is on the, you know, agenda right now. Lamar, Derek, you know, lean us in the right direction. But no, ain't nothing different. I would definitely say, you know, players just locked in right now, man. Ranking going crazy man. Everything hitting. So, you know man, we just gotta, you know man, keep doing what we're doing. Yeah. I like it. Look, SHA what's up man? This Ocho man. Huge fan man. Appreciate Bro, listen, speak to our audience man and myself also. And, and, and let us and and UNC know why you believe Lamar Jackson is the MVP. I mean at this point man, I only know what we're going off no more.


I dunno if we're going off stats film or what man, but yes sir. You know, in my eyes, I mean everything speaks for itself. I mean dude or white made plays, you know, week in and week out and not just, you know, regular plays, you know, amazing plays. I mean the stats of death. I mean you turn the film, he jump out. It ain't even just about the numbers, you know, at this point it's just, you know what I'm saying? You can't deny that Lamar Jackson is on the field no matter who on the team. So, I mean, I ain't the judge but hey, you know what I'm saying? I definitely think it's, you know, it be three year Ba When you guys found out like the Baltimore Ravens have signed Derrick Henry to a two year deal, knowing, watching him for from afar, I don't know if you were on that team the first year that they played you guys in, in the playoffs that came in there on the divisional round.


No, I wasn't there. I don't think he was there. I think you came the next year. Yeah. Later. Yeah. But when you watch him, obviously you watched him on, on film before, what is it about him? How is he able to do that? It seems like he gets stronger as the game goes on and that's when those big runs start to take place late in the third quarter. Fourth quarter. I mean, seeing a guy like that, you know, at this level, you know, every day you, I mean you see why, you know, he a player. He's, dude eat healthier. Do you know what I'm saying? Practice hard. I'm talking about, you know what I'm saying? Hard first one went in, last one leave. I mean he do all the things you would, you know, think that a rookie was doing, you know what I'm saying? He a, you know what I'm saying?


A veteran, you know, hall of Famer. So there's no question to why, you know, he having success, you know, this late in the league. So I mean, you know, I I I guess in no age, you know this running back thing right now ca bro ka bro to that beat right now. He told that Zay, excuse me, I mean ba you guys go get Zay flowers back this week. Now you guys probably knew early in the week that he wasn't gonna be there. That meant you and other guys were gonna have to step up, mark Andrew, likely you guys are gonna have to step up and carry the low Aguilar. So now that there's a possibility that he's going to return this week, what does he bring? What addition does he bring now to the table when you go into Buffalo?


I mean they spread the field out. I mean this year I think that's the biggest difference for us. It's been able to spread the ball a lot. You know, I'm in all different areas. We got a lot of Playmakers over the field, you know, as we see, you know, anybody can have a good game for Lamar, Dar, mark, Zay, myself. You know, it just depends on how the game going. You know, back then za back, you know, would definitely be big for us, you know, if it happened. But you know, we'll just go see how that plays out right now. Listen mo, most of the time ba you know, during this time of year in the postseason towards the end of the season, most players are banged up. Nobody's really, truly a hundred percent. And you've dealt with some tough injuries early in your career. Do you feel now you've turned a corner and what helped you cope with extensive rehab to get you to the point where you are now?


Yeah, I ain't even gonna lie, man. That was a tough time. That was a tough time right there, man. But I definitely say that I crossed the hump last year was my First time, you know, playing a full season health thing. So this is my, you know, second year playing healthy, you know, finally being involved in the offense. But man, to get over that man that just took God and, and and mental strength, right? That was right. That was a time where I thought it was all over. But you know, at end of the day, bro, 'cause in the NFL man it's a draft air year, these people trying to pay somebody air year. So yeah, Hey man, your time, your time is ticking. So you just being able to, you know, have that mindset thought mentality, bro, just keep going. You know what I'm saying? Know who I am, you know what I'm saying?


I know I be open, I know I can get open, I know I can be plays. So man, just being able to believe in myself and continue to continue to go out and do that. Yeah, well, most definitely. Also, I wanna extend my services while I'm here. Now we talk about, you know, your time taking and, and, and being available. I can extend your planned career by 10, 12 years as a nutritionist. Now if you wanna hire me, you know, I I can, I can help you out with that part. I'm not sure if you have a nutritionist, I don't wanna step on nobody to, but we could talk about that later off camera and do a little business. I don't charge number $20 a week. So you, you add that 20 a week for six months, that relay ain't nothing. That's a drop in the bag. What McDonald's paying you? Yeah, I, I figure, I figure So Babe, talk, talk to us about like, when you run a route, obviously you expect the ball.


1, 2, 3 ball might come out. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 ball might come out, but you have to stay alive. That's Lamar Jackson bout there and he can extend the play three seconds to five seconds to eight seconds to 10 seconds. And on that first touchdown run, I mean, excuse me, that first touchdown pass, that is exactly what happened. He was able to extend, extend, extend. You start one way and then come back. Tell us like what is your thought process when you lead a huddle. Okay, they call a play ready break and you lead the huddle. What's going through your mind Better be in shape. You gotta, you better be in shape brother. You gotta be in shape man. That's why it's important. It's important to be on the field and be able to get those reps in with Lamar man because he the type of quarterback man, you gotta, you know, take practice to take the stay alive.


You stay alive to learn how to, yeah. You know what I'm saying? Play like that because you know, it ain't easy bro. It ain't easy man. A lot of people can't even relate to that type of ball. So I mean it's tough. Do you guys practice that because like sometimes like, like a a a a scramble drill. Do you guys, do you guys like, do they allow him to keep the ball? Because a lot of times we didn't, we didn't do that. I mean after like certain things, you know, that coaches just blow the whistle but you really can't blow the whistle because it's so hard to get his ass on the ground. And So you really, really have to stay alive for at least five seconds. I mean, maybe Coach Harbaugh don't even blow the whistle till the whistle get to like seven to 10 seconds because you gotta stay alive because they're not getting him down within the first three seconds.


That ain't happening. Yeah, I would definitely say when we be practicing hards, definitely let the play go about 10 seconds longer than a normal a normal coach would because that's about how long, like l can extend the play for sure. Right? Yeah, yeah. Listen, I, this I got a good question. This is the good one. And listen, I I am a, I'm an enthusiast, but great defensive back player, you know, and you've been in your short career so far. Who do you think the best DB is in the league and who's the best DB that you've faced to date so far? You go, so Pat you probably talking in the right now? Yeah, yeah.


Okay. Okay. Have you had, have you had an opportunity to go against Derrick Stingley yet? What, what do you think about Derrick Stingley? He nice, he nice for sure, but I'd definitely take Pat Ham. Okay, okay. I like it. Pat fluid man, he just like, he glide, he just so ent, I mean he just in and outta them brakes. I mean the way he can close on the ball. Yeah. Yeah. And he, he long, he got long ass arms. Yeah, pat Tall and Pat Fagg to be that size. He Bigger than you think he was. He like 6 2 6 3? Yeah, at least six three. He at least six three for sure. Yeah. Pat tall, he can move to be a bit. Yeah. What was your, go ahead Joe. Hold on before you go I need you to do me a favor and, and Pat Marlon Humphrey and Nate Wiggins.


I need to pass them a messages for you. Matter of fact text them, you get a chance And tell Them that they can't stop me. They couldn't cover me and they need to be thanking God. I'm not playing in this era. Oh nah, you alright be I'll send a message. I'm gonna see what they say. Alright. Bet. Be Babe. Babe, what was your welcome to the NFL moment? Shit, my rookie year. Roco, you on my team now. We went to Chicago, bro. Knocked my helmet off. I ain't never, ain't never had, I ain't never had that before. Hey and my whole career for white, ain't never had my helmet knocked up. I said yeah boy get paid, D boy get paid. I said tighten up. Did He catch you slipping? Yeah, he called me slipping called a little scream color. Screen cut back.


Yeah, helmet came off, Came off. It's that, that's what people don't realize. When you run that jailbreak screen, the bubble screen or whatever you guys call it, it's that inside that hurt D line and them linebackers, they coming from in here. That's what you wanted to do. Turn back into this Headache. Yeah, don't go back in there. No, no. I asked Ocho he seen what ing now you know what, go on now, now Ocho. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Listen, I I lived in the trenches though. I lived in the trench. You gotta think but I, no I didn't. You gotta think I did. I did. Huh. You Gotta think he might have been born in the trenches. No, but he ain't living in no trenches. Not in the N matter. He was, I dunno if he was successful though. Yeah, I, man, listen, you gotta think I I was 6 0 2 30 when I was playing, So you know, I, it was, it was nothing to me be down there.


That's crazy bro. Yeah, yeah, it's, Yeah. McDonalds had the boy at two 30 today. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He ain't been over, he ain't been over 200 a day in his life. He like 180 5. I I be watching. So now look, this is a rematch. Yeah, Buffalo, they came in in week four. You guys did a job on him. Derrick Henry ran wild. That was like, okay. They put Derrick Henry into I formation. They tossed it to him. They handed it to him and he ran wild. What do you guys expect? Buffalo? Look, this is the rematch that the two MVP front running candidates. Lamar Jackson, Josh Allen. But this time it's in their building.


I mean, I definitely say, you know, like any other person, you gotta start the run game with anybody. Man. I, it's to the point. I don't know how to like, how to defend it, you know what I'm saying? You gotta account for all players. You gotta defend, you know what I'm saying? All links to the field, you know, when you play us. So I would just say, man, you gotta be prepared for all. I mean we done shown that we're capable of being on the run game, you know, pass game, screen game and you know, we healthy, you know, we got guys back on the field. So, you know, man, preparation practice gotta go out and, you know, say execute. It's always game plan execution. Last year bait, the season did not end the way you wanted it to.


You got the MVP front runner, you got a almost 2000 yard rush in your back field. You got the First time a Ravens drafted receiver has gone to the Pro Bowl. You guys are low. You guys had the most, I think you guys had the most pro bowlers. I think you had nine pro bowlers. Yeah. You got a lot of all pro guys over there. If you guys don't get to and win the Super Bowl, is this season of disappointment in your eyes? I mean to us, man, how we view it. I mean, if we're gonna do that, I feel like that's every year, you know what I'm saying? We hold ourselves to that standard. That's a standard that's setting, you know what I'm saying? This organization, you know what I'm saying, that's go win. Super Bowls won't take nothing less. You know what I'm saying? That's what we struggle for always. So that's the end goal.


The goal is to make it there. And then we don't then of course, you know what I'm saying? We feel like, we feel we got all the tools, we got everything we need, you know what I'm saying? To be successful, top to bottom. So we just gotta go out and do it now. Yeah, yeah. That's what Hold on, hold on for a yo, Come on man. Don't come on. Don't do that man. Don't do that. Hey, Don't He played, he played for the Bronco. He played for the Broncos for 12 years. He just happened to be on the Ravens for two. That don't Even, it happened to be, It just happened to work out. Don't even count. He just happened to work out, bro.


Hey, hey. They don't, Hey, do they happen to get either? Gotta work. You gotta work for that one. Gotta work for that one. You gotta, You better check somebody if you, if you a Raven fan and y'all know anything about that 2000 Ravens. I did my part on the offense. Okay. Big play cliche showed up. I understand you. But see, that trophy right there, that trophy you carrying? Yeah, that trophy is 'cause of the Raven 2000 defense. Whoa, Whoa. We did score some points. You got score? Yeah, you gotta score. They On, they only score with nine points a game on offense. Hey Joe, look at that right there. Aren't Joe On?


Man, don't do that man. Matter fact, don't I tell, I'm gonna talk, I'm gonna tell him how game You talk to. How game the game gonna go. Right. They gonna start eight, they gonna stack eight, nine in the box. Right. You gonna have about 1 20, 1 30 and two tds. I speaking into existence. Go ahead. I'm no, I I'm telling you, I'm manifesting it. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not Cleo and I'm a, I'm a bang as, but I'm telling you how the game gonna go. I, I already know they gonna stack the ball. The bangal, we do bad things to the bangals bait. Don't even worry about the bang. I don't even know why he brought them up. Not been, we Talking about playoff. We talking about playoff teams. Oh, I've what? He Was, I've been very respectful. I thought that's what he was talking about. My brother. I was very respectful.


What you mean you respectful? I I was telling Bateman how I telling Bateman how the game gonna go. You talking about the bangles? Oh, I forgot. I'm not supposed to talk about teams that didn't make the playoffs. You know, me and bank, we talking about teams that made the playoffs. That's what we talk about. You know, we talk about, you know, trying to make a Super Bowl run. What Happened to your Broncos yesterday? Whoa. Whoa. This ain't about Bronco. That's crazy. I hear Raven today flock up. I had two teams in the playoffs. Nah, you didn't know you, you had one team. You a hater. That's crazy. You, you a hater. Hey babe, we appreciate that man. So you picked to win the play. Who? You, who y'all got winning right now? Oh, I listen, I'm la I'm Lamar all day.


I'm living, I'm all day. I'm just making sure all Day, all day. He had, nah, he had Josh Allen for the mvp. Come on. I had Lamar Don't what we gonna lie like that. We we gonna lie on, we gonna Say it was over with. Babe. Come on now. This me now. Come on, Come on Ocho. If that's true, that's fine bro. Hey, this me now this me now. I know, I know, I know, I know. I ain't no hater. Ain't no hater. Okay, Come on on. Don't do that because you got the man believing. I I, I really Well you kind, I mean you wasn't, you wasn't like, even when everybody saying it was over that Josh Allen had the MVP sold up. I say, look, I don't know if y'all see what that, see what that guy in Baltimore doing.


Right. But it's hard. I mean, how you gonna overlook? I said he's gonna be somewhere in the low forties. He could have less than five interception and there's an outside chance he has a thousand yard rushing. So what we gonna do about that in a season that we've never seen before? And you might not ever see it again. No. So what? Yeah. So what we judging up for? Look, I I said it before, what he's doing, only one other quarterback has ever done it. And that's Aaron Rogers when he goes 40 in less than five interceptions. Right. And every time he's, and he did it. He won the MVP. Now you throw 900 rush yards on top of it. What we talking about here that's different. And the fourth and the fourth highest passer rating in NFL history.


Yeah. He's the MVP control. That's not to take away from anybody else, babe. Josh Allen had a phenomenal season. For sure He did. So does Sequan. Yeah. But when we look at this, the value that he gave that team is just, yeah. Listen, they, the, the voters can't make any excuses. They can't say he had Derrick Henry, they can't use, they can't move the goalposts now. We, we know they're known to move the goalposts based on who it is at this point. There's really nothing you can say. There's really nothing you can do to take that MVP away from Lamar Jackson and the type of season he had regardless to who he's had at the disposal and, and as his supporting cast, it just, it doesn't matter. 'cause what he did is, is unbelievable.


Yeah, For sure. I'm glad we all know Frank. We wanna appreciate you man. Thanks for taking time joining us at night Nightcap. We really appreciate that. Wish you the best of luck. Yes sir. Continue success. You know, we gonna be watching you, but good luck on Sunday and hopefully we'll have another conversation down the road, Man. For sure. I appreciate y'all having me on. Y'all be safe. Yeah. Whoa, whoa. And tell Nate me in. It's, it's whatever or Humphrey, whatever they wanna do. Be these. Bet. Bet. I'm gonna tell both. Bet. Alright, Appreciate that. Alright, See y'all.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondents and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liar's Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd Nam Tainment on a new podcast. Podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NHL Un scripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 Game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way. NHL network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture and you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're still gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we're gonna all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL now You wish you could pull off my short shorts Burke, That's sure to cause a ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demur, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


Wide received Baltimore Wave. Ravens wide receiver. Justin, was it Rashad? I don't know why he keeps saying, I don't know why Justin's on my mind. Rashad Bateman first round draft pick played really well in the app. He played well all year. Oh yeah. Obviously Zay is their number one, but Bate came on and make big plays when given the opportunity. And that's what you have to do. Ocho Hey, Zay was out so I gotta step up and do my part now. Step up. Yeah. And that's what you have to do. And that's what I like likely made a name for himself in the absence of Mark Andrews and Andrews. Yeah. Likely stepped up and now they run a lot of double tight end set. And it's hard because a lot of times when teams run double tight end set, you think they're gonna block well they getting both of those guys out in pass coverage and pass, you know, in passing and passing situations.


But like he said, it's, it's, it's not easy to play. I mean Lamar is great, but you just gotta stay alive Ocho Yeah. Yeah. You gotta stay alive because there is no dead play. It's not no like, oh man, it done got Lamar and next thing you know, you hear the crowd standing up. You like what they standing up for? I thought he got sack. Nah bro, you gotta get on your horses. Oh yeah. Either you go straight across, you come back or you take the top off because we have scramble drills, you know. Oh, we closer to him. We the closest guy come down the hill. Yep. Then you have the guy coming over and then you got got a guy going deep. But it was, it's great to see. It's gonna be a great ball game. Ocho Yeah. I'm anxious to see how this thing turns out. The two MVP front runners playing the quarterback position.


Both teams got a running game. James Cook for the bills. Yeah. Lamar, excuse me, Derek Henry for the Ravens wide receivers. Maybe you get Zay flies back, but if you don't, you got two tight ends likely and Andrews going up against Kincade and Knox wide receivers. You got Shaki and Coop going up against Bateman Aguilar. So we get a, it's a great up offensive lines are are very, very good. They got a Pro Bowl. The Raven's got a pro Bowl center, what you call 'em, got a Pro Bowl left tackle. So that thing's gonna be very, very, and the Raven's right. Tackle has done an outstanding job.


TJY didn't register a stat At, oh, The previous week he dealt with Miles Garrett. So Lamar like, I feel pretty good. I got Ronnie Staley on one side. I got a Pro bowl center, a pro Bowl, and an all pro center in the middle. And then I got a right tackle. That's, I think he's a rookie that's playing out of his mind. Yeah. So it's gonna be a very good game. Ocho the Cowboys part ways with Mike McCarthy. That's, oh, Joe, who's the, That's some bullshit, bro. You know that Dez Bryan signs off sounds off against the Cowboys coaching drama.


This is what de tweeted. Dan Quinn turned it once struggling franchise into a playoff contender and won his first playoff game until Dallas focused on winning instead of politics. Cowboys fans should not expect success soon. I'm telling you, this straightforwardly just as I always do, Ocho Yeah. Who's gonna be the Cowboys next coaching victim? I, I don't know, I don't know who the victim is gonna be. I'm not sure. I'm not sure, but I just don't like the way Jerry operates. I don't like the way he operates. There was an opportunity for Mike McCarthy to be able to interview for the Chicago Bear job. You know, Jerry blocked that. He said, no, I'm thinking, well, if you're telling me no, Mike McCarthy should be upset if you're telling me no, I can't go in interview for the job.


I'm thinking you're going to retain me and discuss a long term contract at some point. What was the point of even doing that? Just to show that you're in control, just to show your power. Yeah, that's what it was. You knew he wa Ocho he knew he wasn't bringing Martin McCarthy back. But no, I'm not gonna let you interview with, I'm not gonna let you interview with the Bears on your timeline. It's gonna be on my timeline. What would, what, What's the point? What's the point? Control. We know you're in control. We know you're the owner. We know that the season eight isn't even in and you're still making headlines based on your decision making. That's at making absolutely no sense. Let the man go, you know, you didn't want him to begin with because if you wanted him, you would've paid him before the season even started or paid him in season instead of, instead of allowing him to finish out his contract.


Like, what, what are we doing? But here's the thing, remember when they lost, they lost a couple of times in the first round. They thought they kept Dan Quinn. Dan Quinn really stayed because he thought he was gonna get the job right. Then off the side, Jerry kept bull driving, said, man, let me go on out here and get me a job. Right. You bull jiving. And guess what, Bobby Wagner was available. Yeah. He ain't had no blind backer like Bobby Wagner. Yeah. B Wag. Go look at that. Know that defense. No, Dan Quinn's defense. Now Kendricks played well, but B Wags a different animal. Yeah, but see, Jerry is gonna be Jerry, he gonna hire a coach and then he gonna tell you who to hire. Well, this is gonna be your defensive coordinator.


This gonna be your offensive coordinator. Go ahead. I have a question now. I've seen reports I tweeted out earlier today. You know, I was just thinking just, I, I just threw it out there like, you know, I ain't, I ain't talked to Prime, you know, I'm just thinking, well, let me see. Mike McCarthy's gone and I'm thinking about Prime, you know, obviously, you know, I'm not, not trying to disturb no trouble. And then as soon as I tweeted it, three hours later they go to reports. Jerry Jones reached out to Deon Sanders about the opportunity. Deon Sand. He's been, he was intrigued, you know, but he loves what he has in Boulder as far as his team and his roster. And I, I just, I I just, I just listen. When an opportunity like that comes along, when an opportunity like that comes along, do you let it pass you by?


Do you let it pass you by? I know Deion said I would love to coach my sons. I doubt probably, I'm not sure where Dallas is picking, but she saying is not gonna be there. He's not gonna be there unless they do something extravagant and climb the ladder. Climb the ladder and go get, go get a quarterback. I, I doubt it. You know that they have that They're not getting no quarterback. You just paid Dax 60 million. Yeah, I'm, I'm just saying this. I'm, I'm just talking, I'm just speaking hypotheticals. But I'm saying for the opportunity to actually coach at the highest level, were you dominated where you made your Hall of Fame career? Man, do you really pass some up like that? What do you, what do you think? Well, look who No Ocho look, we know Jerry.


Jerry is Anau author authoritarian. Right? It's Jerry. Well, noway he feel, I heard Troy tonight said he don't believe the cowboy job is as coveted. It's I profile, but it's not coveted. No, he says, because coaches can't become who they are and what they become, become because of Jerry. He says Dan Campbell is not gonna be Dan Campbell in Dallas like he is in Detroit. Andy Reed would not be Andy Reed into Dallas like he is in Kansas City. That should tell, that should tell. Think about it, Jerry. You continue to do things your way because you want the credit.


Sometimes you don't realize how great things can be if you don't care who gets the credit. But Jerry cares and therein lies his problem. He's always carried. That's why he fired Jimmy. He won't ever admit it. It drove him crazy that everybody missing Jimmy and he got no shine. So he fired a man back. Let us sink Chad, let that sink in for a second. 'cause I don't think you guys realize what, what I'm about to say here. He fired Jimmy after back to back Super Bowls and his oldest superstar was Michael Irving at 28 years of age. His oldest superstar was 28 years of age and he fired him.


Now, first Battle Hall of Famer and Troy Eggman first ballot Hall of Fame, all time leading rusher, Emmett Smith, Michael Wet got in on the second ballot and they had that team together. What they won another one they missed that year. They went and got Prime and they won another one. But had they had Jimmy, that's when Jerry started. They were, they won in spite of J Jerry. Right. That was the, that's how good that 95 team was. They won in spite of Jerry. Right. But had they kept Jimmy, what you see the Patriots did. That's what Jimmy would've done. You think they could have ran it like that?


Think about what they had. Emmett Smith, Emmett came in with me. So Emmett left early. So 93, Emmett should have been 24, right? Troy was 26. Mike was 20, Troy was 27. Mike was 28. Listen, remember what, remember what CD said, the color purple. Huh? What that Somebody, somebody need to do that to Jerry Until you right by me that everything you Well, I Forgot what gonna come back on you. Yeah. Every, yeah. And, and that's what's happening.


Nothing has gone good for the Cowboys since that fire. Now you, you made, you made it to the playoffs, you made it, but you always, you always going home in the first round. And, and, and still Jerry continues to continue to do, he continues to do the same exact thing, the same shenanigans. The season. Not even, they're not even in, he's still making headlines for the wrong reasons. Yep. And the thing was is that, that's how Jim, he said Troy, I mean, you know, he was talking like Barry wanted to be everybody's friend. Jimmy ain't wanna be nobody friend. Yeah. Jimmy ran that thing with an iron fist. Yeah. The same way Coach Belichick, any team that that wins and win consistently, their head coach run that thing.


Right. Damn. Fired him after back to back Super Bowls and they hadn't won a Super Bowl in 20 plus years and he wins back to back and Jerry fired him because Jerry wasn't getting shot. Nobody mentioned Jerry, I'm in the league, so I know right? Everybody talked about what Jimmy had done, what Jimmy had built because Jimmy knew the players. Jimmy was at the University of Miami. He recruited those guys. Yeah. Yeah. He recruited the guys that was coming into the NFL. He, he tried to get him at the right, so he knew how to do it.


Jimmy, Jimmy made that trade to get Herschel up out there. Herschel was the one valuable piece they had. Jimmy said, Hey, yeah, we can keep him and go five and 11. What, what does that give us? And Jerry den, but Jerry, he's the firm for it. This is what Ari Miro Mero, the Cowboys handling of negotiations and money is downright baffling. They basically sat out free agency last year, dragged their feet on players extensions and created unnecessary drama with CD Lamb and Dak Prescott by waiting until the 11th hour to get deals done. And it's just not them. He has a pattern of several with several players over the years.


They made Mike McCarthy and his entire staff coach out their contracts block McCarthy from interviewing with the Bears last week only to part ways. Anyway, in week 18, they even bitched Cooper rushed to avoid him. A 50,000 incentive for playing 55% of the snap on this year. He was at 52%. Completely avoidable chaos and not what you would expect from America's team. Yeah. Ain't, hey, you ain't gonna have no good luck. Listen, making headlines for your own reason. And you wonder why things never go well. Damn.


Hey, market spear swag story had to coach. Hey, we win. I promise. Bad swag, swag go. Jerry ain't gonna let you do nothing. I mean, Ocho, I'm not, I'm not trying to hear the owner speak to me before the game or after the game because you're not there. See, Jerry's all about show because what does Jerry do Ocho this how, you know Jerry's about show during practice. He landed his helicopter on the field. That's crazy. It's all about show with Jerry. Jerry don't care. Nothing about no winning. Jerry got, Jerry got the fans, but the fans are starting to see now, man, Jerry don't really care nothing about no winning.


I I don't think the fans understand it. Huh? They Do. They're starting to see it now. I mean, Listen, I mean it's been 20, 25, 26, 27 years. How you just now seeing it almost 30 And listen, and they're not going to, that Jerry's not going to change until it hits one place in your pockets. But until you stop showing up, until you stop coming to the games, until you stop by merch, nothing is going to change. And you know, when football season come around, oh Jerry's world, that stadium is gonna be filled up. Yeah. When they go to LA for training camp, oh, it's gonna be filled up. They're coming, they're, they're gonna keep coming regardless because they love the game of football and Jerry knows that. It's like, hey, Here's what he is.


Ocho, once you get to that age, age Jerry's in his eighties, he ain't changing. Yeah. Ain't ain't no sense that, you know, hey, this is what Troy Eggman had to say. He said, I thought Mike McCarthy would be the head coach. So it's a bit surprise for me today that he is not going to be what went into those conversations. I'm not exactly sure and suggests there are not a real, there's not a real plan as far as the co job. I don't know if that's accurate. I do think the Cowboys are obviously a high profile team and whoever's the head coach of that team is certainly going to draw a lot of attention. But I think most football people that take over as a head coach want to do it on their terms. And that's hard to do in Dallas.


What everybody has said. You take Dan Campbell for instance, is Dan Campbell. Dan Campbell, if he's with the Cal Cowboys, it's hard to imagine that he is. It's hard to imagine that a lot of these coaches might be, I love the Dallas Cowboys. I played there for 12 years. I wish them well. But to say is a coveted job. I'm not sure I would necessarily agree with that. Sometimes you get in your own way. Huh? Coach Prime told ESPN tonight to hear from Jerry is truly delightful. And it's intriguing. I love Jerry. I believe in Jerry after you hang up and the pro and process it, you think about it, it's intriguing. But I love bolder everything about our team, the coaches, our student body and the community.


I like it. It's just hard for me. It's just hard for me to see a scenario. But where you could be successful. Yeah. As long as Jerry's Ling it's just hard. It's just hard for me to see it. Ocho I just believe the owner should be hands off. Right. If you hire somebody, I can't be, I can't hire somebody to do a job and then I'm over telling them how to do the job. Well if that was the case, I could save me some money. Why don't you just coach the team? Yeah. If you know so much about football, just coach the team. That's what Papa Bear Hallas did. Right? He on the team and coached it. Oh, that's hilarious. If he believes he knows as much as he says he does or he tries to convince the people that he knows he does coach it.


Could you imagine Jerry as the head coach on the sideline in the suit? No, they don't let you do that. You gotta wear NFL gear now they, Dan Reeve, I mean the old guard used to do that. Coach Reeve, Mike Dicker, they used to be on there with, with suit, you know, shirt and tie coat sweaters. NFL said, nah, we need you in this NFL issue gear. Right. Which we can't sell them suits. We can sell these, we can sell these sweaters and these hoodies and these jackets. Right. We can't sell that with you wearing, So you gotta come up outta that. And guess what? It used to be players you could wear, you could wear your own stuff on the sideline. They won't let you do that now. You gotta be an issue. Yeah. N Gear. Yeah. Yep. Yep.


The Volume.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature with and Insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Id Nan Kin to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deir here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and N NA's Favorite Wrestling. It's all on La Tabla. Listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.