
Stay farm in DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it? Right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't, right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves. Educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network. Plug in a Hyundai EV in the extraordinary happens from the charge time and range in the ionic five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower.


Ioni five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 iq. Five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive. And 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 Iion. Six SE long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details. Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career.


Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu. Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information. What's good Justin Jefferson here.


Football is a lot of explosion, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it. To be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more, check out bs.com. The Volume, TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six. Whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet.


Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the DraftKings Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut.


Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources. Great.


You spent, I think, well all about one year of your NFL career here in Houston. What does it mean to you to get drafted by this franchise and be considered when they think of the short list of the greatest players to ever play in the Houston Texans uniform? Your name is the first name to get brought up. Man, I always tell the story about when I went to my first Pro Bowl, the guy, it was some guy he worked with the NFL and he was like, who the hell is here from the Houston Texans? And that's something that always stuck with me. And I put that chip on my shoulder and I was like, shit, I'm gonna make people respect us. You know? And that was the way I played.


That was just the way I carried myself. And, you know, to have this Hall of Fame thing happen. It wasn't just for me man. It was about this whole city. So the actual first player in the Houston Texans to go into the pro football Hall of Fame, what did that, when you got the call and it says they knock on the door. Andre Johnson, welcome to football heaven. You've been selected to the pro football Hall of Fame. I mean, Shannon, you, you've had that knock. You know? So I don't think words can really describe it if you like, I had to take a moment to literally go sit on my couch, you know, and I had my hands in my head and I just, you know, to be, it's been over 30,000 guys that play this game.


It's only 300 and it's 78 people in the Hall of Fame. That's one. That's not even 1% That's correct. To be mentioned with that man. That's, that's it's special. It's special. I ain't gonna lie, man. Just having you here and enjoying this with you, man. Yeah, yeah. Appreciate it. Appreciate it. Appreciate It. A lot of people, a lot of people really don't know, man, how far we go back, bro. Yeah. Oh, way, way back. Way back. Matter of fact. Yeah. So the The funny thing about it, for those of you that, that don't know, Dre and I used to train in off season, you know, during our day when we were playing me Tanner Mann. Yeah, Tony Brown.


Crazy ass. Who else we had out there? Man. Man, it was a lot of, it Was a lot of, so, you know, we, the, it was a certain connection that we all kept. Like we was family, you know, obviously we all played on different teams, but everybody from that area, we all, we all got, got back together. And, we always man shit. Worked our ass off in all season, man. And it, it is awesome, you know, as, as someone that has always looked up to you, even from afar during the times. We're also close men. I'm proud of you. Appreciate I'm really, I'm really proud of you. Appreciate It. Dre. You had some unbelievable games in the Hall of Fame, the first Houston Texan player ever selected to the pro football hall of Fame.


But I'm pretty sure they showed on your highlight clip that fight. Oh, I forgot about that. I knew that was coming, but go ahead. I, I had only met, I had only met you once I came here early in your career and way as a matter of fact, I think, I think Koko was the coach. He was the coach and you were very quiet and you're still quite quiet. And I remember that happening and I'm like, what did this man say to get him? He don't even talk let alone fight. What, what did he say to get you sold? Like you like FF it. I'm in Liberty City right now. I'm swinging, bro.


Nah, it, it had been going on for about three years. Damn. You know it build up that long. Yeah, Yeah. It, it, it had been going on for about three years, man. I, I never shared this story with nobody, but 'cause we all Nightcap would give it to, there you go. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That what I'm talking about. Yeah, there we go. So Chad, you remember club play? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So old Chris style. Yeah. Yeah. So, man, this is no lie. Like they're driving up to the club. It is my little brother and Rudy, my brother's sitting in the pa passenger seat, Rudy's in the back seat.


And bro, I'm pulling up in valet and they jump out the car while the car's moving, right. And I'm like, what the hell y'all doing? They was like, there you go. So I'm like, what are y'all talking about? It's Courtland, he's standing at the front door of the club. Right. I didn't even see him. They wanted to get on him right then. And I'm like, nah, like we not doing that. Right. You know what I'm saying? So that happened like a, a year prior, so I don't know man, like we was up 20 to nothing. And I told KI was like, Hey man, I'm finna beat his ass.


Normally coaches call plays for the player. The player called the play coach. I'm gonna beat his ass on one ready break. So that was just, that was just it, man. Like I just had enough of, you know, the, the stuff he was doing. So, so it was mainly cheap shots, not so much talking. It was the cheap dirty No, no, the talking, you could talk all day. I don't give a damn about talking. Right. But the, it was the cheap things he would do after plays. Okay. Yeah. Y'all cool now, y'all cool now y'all, I don't know. I ain't never seen, I seen him one time since that whole situation, so I don't, but after that he ain't chief shot you no more, huh? Nah, he ain't gonna do that.


I don't coach, obviously you've been around the game of football for a very long time. For those that are on the outside looking in, I don't think they understand how special a season that was for you to have. Obviously you understand the difficulty when you draft a rookie quarterback and understanding you have a program that is trying to build itself back to winning consistently and to be able to have a successful season, obviously not winning a championship, but still having a successful season knowing that you can build off of that. Do you understand how great your season was last year? Yeah, I, I do understand it all. Like it all starts with the, like you said, the rookie quarterback. Everybody now they expect rookies to come in and just ball out from the start. That doesn't happen.


Right. Like, especially at the quarterback position, you gotta have a special, special person to do that. And you know, we were fortunate enough to get CJ at number two and this kid is special. Yes, definitely, definitely. You know, he's fun to work with, but, and he didn't start off that way. Like we didn't, we started off with a rough season. Like we had to go through some growing pains and he learned a lot, our team learned a lot of how we had to play to win games. And that growing, that growth process throughout the season, that made it even more special to know we didn't just come out just beating people. And I told our guys too, you know, we talk about how special of a season it was, you look up, we had, I think it was 10 games that were in the last minute of the game.


We were right in the game and I think we won seven of those 10 in the last minute of the game. So that just shows the margin for error in this league. It's still tight even though people, it's a great season, but man, I tell our guy, you got to, you have to work hard. You gotta grind those wins and you gotta be smart in those situational moments to close games out there. There was an issue obviously with, with Brian, with Brian Flores and Tua and the way he, he talked to him, obviously it rubbed Tua the wrong way. And I just wanna know, how do you navigate being able to coach certain players certain ways and and how do you approach it? Because you can, some coach, some players, you can coach hard, right? You know, you understand those that are built like that, you can coach 'em a little harder. Some of 'em you gotta pat 'em on the back and guide 'em.


How have you been able to do that with your, with your players? Yeah, with, man, that's a great question, right? I was just talking to one of my coaches about that earlier today, man, you have to have a relationship with guys. Like, if you don't have a relationship with guys and you don't know how that guy's gonna respond. Yeah, right? Some guys, I could, I could coach hard. Some guys I know like, ah man, I can get it out of him, but I don't need to go as hard with him. I just gotta tell him, Hey man, you're doing a great job. Hey, keep it going young fella. You, you, we gonna get there. But if you don't establish that relationship outside of football, like you just gotta sit down, you gotta eat with guys, you gotta meet with guys, just talk to them one-on-one like what's going on outside of football so you can really get to know that young man and what's going on in his life.


Like, that's how you are able to relate to guys and coach. Like now once you get that relationship, I can coach 'em up hard. Right? Right, right. But everybody, you can't coach hard. Everybody doesn't need hard coaching. But as a coach, it is our job. Right? And that's one thing I learned about coaching. I thought, man, when I finished playing, I thought I was gonna hop in like, Hey Kyle, I can come coach the linebackers right now. Right? But I, that's what I learned when I was in San Fran. I truly learned like, man, you got, every guy is different. How do you teach every guy, right? Every guy learns different. Every guy, you gotta explain things differently and they pick it up different. So for me, that's where I learned like, man, you have to be adaptable as a coach, right?


Right. But you gotta know these guys outside of football, You know, go ahead, give it up to me. A lot of times sometimes coaches try to hide hard coaching behind disrespect. It is like, if I'm working for you, I want you to coach me, Howard, I want you to say what I'm doing wrong. But there's a very, very fine line between hard coaching and disrespect. Now you have guys have to understand that's a grown man you're talking to. This ain't college. He's not trying to get to the NFL. He's already here. He's not in high school trying to get to college. So those guys you can coach, you can coach. I mean, when we grew up, coaches cu us out Oh yeah.


Across all kind of things. You do that now you gonna turn a guy off, or a guy might wanna fight you, He might wanna fight you or he might just leave. You know, guys, it's just, it's a different different era and I've never like try to cross the lines of cursing guys out. I feel like if I have to curse you out, like I got the wrong guy. Correct. First off, right? Yes. I I know we don't have time for that. Like we are men, we're working together and I tell our guys my first meetings like, this is what you can expect from our coaches. Our coaches are gonna be respectful, they're gonna tell you the truth and they're gonna coach everybody in this room. Right? Because they care. Your success is their success. Correct. So we have to find that common ground to work together for us all to be successful State Farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo, no, making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow.


Tackle these situations in stride. And, and yeah, of course be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down, right? And also as I did with repairing my credit, you know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, you know, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment, get you know, my first car under my name, then eventually buy my own home. Like, these are all things that are possible for all of us. We just have to educate ourselves and put in some of the hard work that it takes to unlearn bad practices we might've, you know, inherited from our family. And then also educate ourselves on the things that we don't know. You know, the information that wasn't passed down to us because our, our parents weren't educated on these things.


Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network. Plug in a Hyundai ev and the extraordinary happens. It's not just the ultra fast charging capability in long range in the Ioni five, in Ioni six, or the adventure seeking spirit of the Kona Electric, or the groundbreaking 601 horsepower, ionic five. And and it's not just the comfort in knowing that every Hyundai EV is backed by a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile limited electric battery warranty. Hyundai's EVs transform a low hum into a loud adventure. They bring color to your journey and turn energy into main character energy. So forget everything you thought you knew about EVs and turn the extraordinary into something truly electrifying.


There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated three three mile driving range for 2024 I five SE SEL L limited real wheel drive and 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 Ioni six se long range real wheel drive with fully charged battery. Estimated range varies for other models and trims and depends on battery capacity, temperature options, and other factors. Limited battery warranty covers defects and materials for 10 years or 100,000 miles, whichever occurs First. See owners manual for complete warranty details and limitations, visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details. This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you.


Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. No way. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com. The world is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks.


The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple CarPlay and a panoramic moon roof make driving the kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is more fun to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, visit nissan usa.com/connect/legal.


Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Inc. Intelligent all-wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Cardio. Tap your ass Coach. Prime. If you were the head, if you could, if you could choose as a head coach, would you be the head coach or the general manager of the Charge? I don't wanna do pros. I love college. I would never do Pros. Uhuh. I don't believe that. That's a lie. I don't believe that. Prime you. You are the very Listen to me, stay with me baby. You are the very person who had a song called Must Be the Money that Yeah.


I'm straight Turning Me. I know and I'm straight. And if And if they show you, if they show you that money over there in la, guess where we gonna be at notice? I said we guess where we gonna be at. I'm so glad you said that. So let me address this one thing at a time. Yes sir. Must be the money was the testimony. I wasn't bragging about the money. I was saying must be the money that's turning y'all on. I said Diamond, Rolex, Gators on my feet. I got a pair every day of the week. My hair's done, my fingernails too. Six budgets down. I don't know what this do must be this money I was saying y'all changed. Right, right, right. It must be the money now. Secondly, I'm straight. Come on, Come on. I provided everything I need, man.


I'm having the time of my life. I'm has Colorado. I love the kids that I get to coach. I love the recruiting process. I love it. So I like the way it sounds and I Like the purity of the young men. Yes sir. You know, I like the, the, the, the the sensitivities and I like all that and the amateurism of it, even though it's turning to pros because everybody want a bag now. But I would have a hard time in the locker room with a guy that's making a multitude of millions and he don't wanna play. I don't want to give his all I would have a problem with that. Chad. A real problem with that. And you know, we had teenagers like, I can't do that. Yeah. And that, and that's, I been trying to tell Ocho Ocho so he ain't never played with nobody like that.


Yes he did. He just didn't wanna see it. Wait, They just played for the money. Played for the money Just or didn't wanna play it off. They really want to give it, they all just wouldn't want to play. Wait, they had a lot of talent and they didn't, they just messing around. Well I well mess it around by doing things off the field, not on the field And on the field. Just don't wanna do. Right. Yeah. See, I I ain't pay attention like that. Honestly. I I, I ain't gonna lie. I ain't gonna lie to you. I ain't gonna lie to you. And I don't want you in LA You can't be in la Right? Yeah. First of all, LA and you la first of all, LA Too expensive for me. You know how cheap I am. I'm not getting a house. Yes. I don't like California. Right. I don't like It. I I I want, I'm trying to get closer to Shannon so he could take, I wanna sit closer. Shannon Don't want closer to him.


You haven't got that hint. I don't Have he ever invited you anywhere to California? No. He don't Even het even he don't even answer my damn text message. Thank you. I meet you somewhere. If you get there, then he gonna be evasive on getting there. Yeah. Based on what's in there. Right, right, right, right. That's who he's you who He's he don't want us there first. All he need get in Atlanta's what he need. Oh yeah. Don't need back. No, I don't. Well You said you were taking me to the arm, to the place with the booty juice. Magic food ain't Magic Lady. Shit ain't going there. First of all. Second of all, you still got, you still got your house there. Yeah. How you got a house there? You don't invite nobody and don't even let nobody use it.


That's selfish. That's why I call him selfish y'all. That he's selfish. Hey, can I, can I use it for Airbnb? Nah, I talk, I talked to ma, I talked to Magic. Said, come on. Magic. First of all, magic is a hero. A national treasure. Let's get that right. Magic, magic ain't one of the games still looking good. Still fly. Magic is still magic. You talking about somebody that should have a movie, a documentary done. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Magic changed everybody life. Yeah. And just taught game. Yeah. I mean magic just, just just taught you game and all that. Man, I love magic. You know, when you, when you talk about quarterbacks, we understand how important that position is, obviously in order to sustain a consistent success for any team.


If you look at the top teams in the NFL, it always comes down to the quarterback position. Is there, is there a disconnect in any way with the quarterback competing with each other, understanding the pressures that are on Kirk Cousins, if he doesn't play well, that in job is in Jeopardy. I think. I think the message was clear coming in. Right? It was open. It was honest. It was clear. Kurt's our starter. Yeah. Kurt's gonna take us to places that we want to go to. Okay. And Michael's gonna come in and he's gonna watch what it looks like, what it feels like. He wanna see what it looked like when you had your quarterbacks on your day with John Elway, he wanna see what it looked like. You ain't having no quarterbacks, but what it look like to go out there.


You've been a, you've won Super Bowls at two different stops. You've been an assistant on a lot of different head coaches. What is the common denominator between winning and losing the People? Mm. It's a people first business in everything we do. When you were a Raven, I watched it live in hand. I came into that stadium and I watched the confidence in the people. I watched Ray Lewis talk smack. I watch you talk smack And. we went in there like, man, we about to beat 'em and then y'all let us know after the game that y'all wasn't. And it was, it was, it was the people that was involved with the organizations. It was all about that. And here we building a people first business and we're doing it with us. We're doing with our people, with our fans. And like, I just think that's just the messaging.


Like you gotta have that type of mentality. It's gotta be a people first mentality. It has to be at all times in everything we do. We're talking about with the fans, we're talking about with our community. We're talking about in the building, we're talking about with myself and Terry font, knowing our relationship art the blank and how he communicates with everybody. How we go about our whole process. It's the people. It's the people. It's simple. Obviously you had other opportunities. How do you convince coaches that look like you, that don't feel like that opportunity is ever gonna come? Because you had, think about it, there was a 15 year gap. Sure. Between the time that you were the head coach until you got it again and you had interviews and did you ever think like, man, I don't know if I'm gonna ever get another chance to be a head Coach again.


So you ready Shannon? This, it's real simple for me. Right? I was a 3-year-old head coach and I did it again And People were telling me, you should have had it a long time ago. I don't give a damn what your people were saying. I'm gonna work for it. I'm gonna go get it. And when it happens, I'm gonna be ready. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna keep developing my skillset that when it happens again, there's gonna be no denying on what you can and how you're gonna be able to do it and go about your business. And I don't give a damn what color I am. Yeah. Results don't know color. I like it. I like it. You look at what you've done.


You got Grady Jarrett, you bring him back, you signed Justin Simmons, you signed Matthew Judon. You just gave AJ Terrell boatload of money you secure locked him up. I drafted him to, don't forget You did. You did draft him. So what is the expectations of this defense? Considering you've got guys that have been pro bowls that have been to the AllPro, aj Terrell's, one of the better young corners in the league. And, we know Gary, Jared is one of the, the outstanding defensive linemen in the league. What is the expectation that's your area of expertise? As you know, as you know, it's really simple, right? Stats are for loses. Yes. Their expectations to go out there and beat dogs. Right. We gotta find ways to affect the quarterback and make 'em just feel uncomfortable at all times.


And once you find a way to make 'em uncomfortable and you dominate rundowns and you get the ball back, then just go watch our offense shine. Right? That's what winning teams do. That's how you form your identity. That's how you make things move. That's how the needle moves. And the next thing you talking about it on your shows about the stats, we don't care about none of that. We care about the dog mentality it's gonna take to get there. That's what our, that's what our goal is. That's what our, that's, that's what the expectations are. If I'm going to be what's up? What, What's up? I'm trying to get comfortable right now. Huh? You good? I'm good. Alright. Tell us about the transition to becoming a cowboy. Crazy. What's it been like? It's different. You know, football is crazy out here.


You know, I hear about Texas football. I'm kept California. Right. There's good football out there, but you know, football is, is different in Texas for sure. Just a little bit, a little bit more, you know, You know, more on a PA Little bit more pressure. Yeah, yeah. For sure. Played for the Vikings, the C of Seahawks, if I'm not mistaken. No, My brother played with Seahawks. Okay. That's your brother. But I played for the Chargers charger. Yeah, You reunited with Sam. Right. So what's what, so how has being reunited with a former coach, because obviously you know this defense and so you've been able to partake some of the wisdom, the keys of where guys need to be, what them is looking for in a particular defense.


So tell us about somewhat being a coach on the field. Yeah. You know, I feel like at, at first, you know, we're all trying to learn the basics, you know, I mean, obviously I have a little bit of a head start, but everybody's learning the basics. You know, we're trying to get the concepts down, they kind of carry over to different coverages, you know, we can run split coverages, things like that. But, you know, I feel like with zims defense's always about like, you know, the player's taking a little bit of ownership too, you know what I mean? We have to be at, we're, we're the ones that are quarterbacking it out there. So, you know, at some point, you know, we gotta be the one making the calls and checks and be confident and when we're doing so, and I feel like now that's, you know, we, we obviously we're in camp for a month and stuff like that, but now we're transitioning, we're about to play this first game and I feel like now we're starting to transition into having that confidence where everybody's kind of like, oh, okay, we're running this now, let's run this now.


You know? So it's been a lot of fun and you know, obviously we have a different pieces than I had in Minnesota, but, you know, the, the, the, the heart of the, the heart of the, the scheme is the same. You know, Listen, Zim was the defensive coordinator of Cincinnati when I was there, so Zi is really cool. He cursed a goddamn lot. You cursed a lot. But what is your expectations, your personal goals for you throughout this season or this upcoming season? Your own personal goals? My personal goals is to be, you know, the, the just the, the voice that everyone can count on. You know, the just the, you know, the constant communicator, you know, be be overdoing my communication to the fact that we're all on the same page. Yeah. You know, I wanna definitely be the anchor right there, but shoot, you know, I just want to just, just keep stacking these years I feel like, you know, a hundred plus, you know, three and something, you know, I don't want to, you know, get too specific.


I write 'em down and everything like that. But, you know, I wanna win a Super Bowl, man, I, you know. Yeah. That's why you Played my, you know, it's, it's cliche, but you know, my brother won one, right. You know, I got kind of close, but, you know, not really, you know, so I wanna, I wanna get it, I wanna get it going. Right. Obviously, like you, you played this game a long time and there are always surprises that when you come in, there's a rookie that comes in that stands out. You like, okay, be at offense or defense. You like he can play and he's gonna play, he's gonna make plays for us and he's gonna be big for us. Who surprised you in this rookie class that you're like, okay, be at offense or defense that he can Play. Yeah, one of my linebackers, Neil Meris, you know, he's a kid from Hawaii, you know, went to Notre Dame, I think I, I don't know which round he got drafted, you know, I don't, I kind of disconnect myself from that.


But he came in, you know, he's obviously learning. He's a very humble kid. Quiet, but he knows his role, you know what I mean? He's been getting more and more, more and more burned. You know, we had a couple guys go down to camp and he had to step up in roles where he, you know, he had to be more of a communicator, you know, more of a, a guy who was out there and he's know he's done, he's done a great job. You know, I just, it it, it gives me a little, it gives me passion, you know, going into my 10th season, you know, seeing a guy in his first year and how he's trying to get it. And it just makes me, you know, it makes me get that hunger. It's, it's still alive. You know, The Volume With the lucky Land sluts, you can get lucky just about anywhere.


This is your captain speaking. We've got clear runway and the weather's fine, but we're just gonna circle up here a while and get lucky. No, no, nothing like that. It's just these cash prizes add up quick. So I suggest you sit back, keep your trade table upright and start getting lucky. Play for free@luckylandsslots.com. Are you feeling lucky? No purchase necessary. BGW gr avoid we're prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply. The Hollywood Reporter is the source for insider entertainment news. Whether you're running a studio or you're someone who always has their finger on the pulse of hollywood, thr.com is the place for you. Find in-depth reviews, what to watch next, and the stories behind the front runners for the next big awards.


All in one place on thr.com. And. if you need minute to minute updates on what's happening in Hollywood, follow us at Hollywood Reporter on all your social Platforms. When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo Paramount Plus is your home for the Wafa Champions League.


The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and it's bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for champion league match live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today. Plug in a Hyundai EV in the extraordinary happens from the charge time and range in the ionic five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower.


Ioni five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 IQ five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive and 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 Ioni six SE long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.