(0s):
Today sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed, starring Michael B. Jordan. Comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan, return to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre bending Thrill Ride shot with IMAX film Camera Sinners now playing only in theaters rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.

(32s):
Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development Banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington DC

(1m 2s):
The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back. We're partnering with Nissan. So pull up to their exclusive lounge to get a special look at the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks and Nissan Rogue. The Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than C RV and RAV4 and features available 12.3 inch touchscreen display while the all new Nissan Kicks holds it down with a totally redesigned interior cabin with features like available wireless apple CarPlay and available panoramic moon roof. Relax and see how Nissan is leveling up the game. Come kick it. April 26th, that Pullman Yards in Atlanta. Get ready for culture, community, and good conversation

(1m 37s):
Every morning brings a fresh new energy. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. We get the best start to the day because we started together. Watch the Today Show Weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC. The Volume,

(1m 56s):
The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the hot stakes, drama, clutch moments, and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting, draft drafting sports book has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playing games all the way through the finals, now it's time to back your favorite player and teams as they go. Chase Glory. All season long DraftKings has been your go-to spot for NBA player prompts and that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30, 40 or even more? It's your call ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app now. Lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for you. First timers, new Draftking customers bet $5 and get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 instantly. And bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.

(3m 54s):
Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants you to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweeps details And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.

(5m 13s):
Wow. The Mav said they're proud despite their tumultuous season. Clay, I think we persevered. We were down to eight, nine guys at one point and we held up to four and got into the playing game. Gave ourselves a shot to get into the playoffs. It sucks. It really sucks. But I'm really proud of every man in this locker room. We showed up to work every day. We try to do things, we try to do the right things every day. Jason Kidd called it an incredible Caesar. Mm So I mean they can't, they can't tell the truth. Jason Kidd can't say what he really wants to say. What's that? What's that? You know what they wanna say? They're not gonna say it. They can't say it. They're a part of the team.

(5m 56s):
Clay know what he wanna say but he can't say it. What are you proud of? Actually, you let your best player go when you let your best player go. You bought in ad but what happened? He got hurt soon as he got there. Cancun on what? And and Kyrie got hurt. K. Now Kyrie, that's, that's the killer. Yeah. You get Kyrie back and you play now Kyrie is tremendous in the pick and roll. Now just imagine him dropping that thing off the ad who got mid range can finish at the rep and he's protection. Yeah. And you got other two other bigs that can lack ad play with his natural position to pay he the where he feels most comfortable, which is the fourth lie.

(6m 42s):
So I'm not, look I I I never thought this was like we look at this right now because if you look at it right now, yeah the Lakers got the better of the deal. But in full strength when they get Kyrie back and would pair him with ad, now you might have to ship one of those bigs off and get, I mean look, do I believe Dallas is gonna be in the KD sweepstakes? Yeah, but what do they have to offer? I don't think they have the, I don't think they have the draft capital. So if they don't have the draft capital, basically the only team that has the draft capital, so KD going OKC. So it's gonna be and SGA?

(7m 22s):
No I don't know. But you, but you have to understand, don't know if Sam Prety want that. Right. SGA because look, now you got S-G-S-G-A got the ball in his hands all the time. Hey don't, hey if they win it, if OKC messing around and win it, they ain't messing that up. They not gonna play with it. Nah, because I, I agree with you Joe. 'cause I believe had Golden State won the championship against Cleveland when they was up three one. I don't believe they get Kevin Durant. Nope, don't get it. But they got Kevin Durant because they realize we'll never be able to be Cleveland again. Right. When LeBron at his apex, RIE is now an all star is at his apex.

(8m 3s):
Yeah. We'll never beat him again. We gotta get a neutralizer. We've gotta get somebody that can go head to head with LeBron James and at that point in time there's only one man that can go head to head with him and match him bucket for bucket. And that was Kevin Durant? No. Yep. That was it. That was 'cause when you look at it, LeBron and kd, that's a push step. And Clay, Steph and Kyrie, that's a push. Right. But the difference was what Clay gave you Kevin Love wasn't consistent enough. And when they went and when LeBron went to the bench, when they brought in Livingston and they brought in those shock troops in the second unit. So I don't know, I don't know if Kevin Durant wants to go back to OKC.

(8m 49s):
Probably not. He left for a reason. That's what I'm saying. I don't know. I don't think so either. Do do Sam Presty want him back because You know you heard the rumors Joe Sam Presty value Russ more than he valued kd. Kd. If KD ISS going somewhere else again after leaving the teams, he's left Brooklyn. Phoenix, OKC obviously played with the Warriors and got got rings. Wouldn't he wanna go somewhere where he have the chance to get another ring and not just be playing basketball or go to another team just to, just to be there because I wanna be happy. I wanna go where I can win and what he gives him the best chance to win back home in OKC.

(9m 38s):
I said the heat, I mean even, hey people drag going to the heat, there's nothing of value that we can, this ain't the wizard of the bars. There's no place like home. There's no place like home. This ain't it. Hey I like him in Detroit with K Cunningham. We just said unc, I'm sure he wants to win a championship. What? Hey hold up though. I like him in Texas and either Mares or Houston Championship. That ain't it. Yeah, yeah it is. Oh yo. Here be Ky read that. Yeah they'll be Benley Forman and you ain't. And hopefully you can keep, if you can't keep both of them bigs, you can at least keep going.

(10m 23s):
But here's the thing though Joe. What draft capital do you have to give up That I guess that, I guess that 28 first round pick that you got from, that you got from the Lakers. Oh they gonna have to piece something together. They gonna have to do some, you might have to give about five or six teams involved. You gonna have to do something. You gonna have to make it work. Yeah, and and guess what Joe? I ain't in the business to try to help you win a championship. Nah, I ain't got nothing. I don't want a deal. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on Joe. Why not just go back to Golden State? He ran that course already, man. You did.

(11m 4s):
But Joe, you and I agree. You see OCHO hadn't brought, bought in yet. Dropping Kevin Durant in doesn't automatically mean championship because we've seen him dropped in a couple of places other than Golden State. But Golden State had won 73 9 73 games the year before Kevin Durant got there. Yeah. They had an MVPA unanimous MVP of the only guy that's ever wanted unanimously. That's great. So it was a perfect fit. But let's be fair, The other places that he's been, he didn't make them better outside when he was in Brooklyn and his foot was on the line when they played against the Bucks, they, I thought they had, I thought they had a pretty good chance.

(11m 51s):
But I think Kyrie got hurt. James Hard was already hurt and then Kyrie got hurt like game two Mm. But they had a two oh lead now. Yeah. Yeah. And Game seven was on your court or your home court. Yeah. Injuries a part of the game man. It happens. Hey, if Kyrie and Kevin Love don't get hurt, we might be having a different discussion about Steph Curry and LeBron. Yeah. Talking about that first one. The, the first time. Yes. Yeah. Def Curry, I mean Kyrie got hurt in that overtime. Yeah, yeah, definitely. And Kevin Love didn't even play at all. Go ahead Ojo. Yeah, I don't know Joe.

(12m 35s):
I like KI like, I like Katie. To me it make the most sense if he does go somewhere else again, a again, another move. I'm thinking ring. I'm thinking ring. So you Think you saying ok C what I'm saying is KCO of the warrior or back, back, back to the Warriors, even though he is already done it. You you on the, you on the back end, you not young no more. So cement your legacy. Even some more go back to OK go back to OKC. Whatever riff or any issues you might have with, is it Christie? That's his name. Christie Presley Presley. Yeah. Whatever. If there's any issues men that man we we talking, we talking basketball, we get personal issues or go back to the Warriors.

(13m 19s):
I just think OKC gonna do well this postseason and they could, they end up winning it. They could end up winning it without they, the youngest team in the league already ojo. So they end up winning that. Even if they got to the finals, I can't see, I couldn't see 'em doing it. Because you gonna have to give, you gonna have to give some of that youth up you got over there. Yeah. But if you give up the youth, you make enough for it in production that KD gonna bring. I don't think they willing to do that. That's all I'm saying. Yeah. I don't, I don't think they willing to do that. Jay let, my grandma used to say I raised my hand. I, I think the thing is for me, Joe, Kevin Durant went to Golden State.

(14m 4s):
He got the rings, now he gets to play free. Yeah. Yeah. That's why we went to Golden State because we gonna have the same conversation. Hey, not going to Golden State. He was gonna have the same conversation that we have about Carone, but we have about Charles Barkley, about we have about other great players who's the greatest player never to win a ring. Right. He got the ring now he could play free. Yeah. And he ain't coach tell hey Ocho, he ain't co tell neither. You know, he got, he he, he led the way man. He was impressive. You know, in those two runs he had with Golden State. You know he average was 35 in that first series, man. Oh, he was a mismatch problem. He was a nightmare. He was a nightmare.

(14m 45s):
Yeah. So that's the thing. Look, everybody, everybody criticize people didn't criticize him because he was a free, free agent. They didn't criticize him for that. They was like, bro, how you joined a team that you had down three one and you go link up with them, you had them down three one. Yeah. I believe. Look and people are like, well, but Golden State needed KD as much as KD needed them. KD realized KD he see and now he's like, well he could've went anywhere and won a championship. No, he couldn't have, he needed to go there because he goes so they're not beating the cows, bro. Is at his apex.

(15m 25s):
Yeah. That bro control the entire game. Yeah. Tyree giving you 26, 27. Kevin love's gonna give you the rebounds and Tristan Thompson give you rebounds and you got Jr. You got guys that can make timely threes. They needed each other. Nobody needed anybody more than anybody else. Golden State needed kd. KD needed Golden State. That's why they got on a plane and went to the Hamptons. That's why Kevin Durant, rich climbing told him where he was. Yeah, bro, I'm up in the Hampton, I'm in Sag Harbor. Come on up here, holler at your boy. See what y'all talking.

(16m 5s):
They loaded up that contingent Bobmeyer, Steve Kerr, Draymond, Steph and Clay. Yep. A a match made in heaven. Because now K d's playing with the greatest shooter ever and You know, clay is just as good. So You know that, that, that's a nightmare because K d's so great in isolation. He can shoot, he can play off those guys and they create so much attention. Yeah. That the game was so stress free for him. He could just freelance. Yeah. I think I'm gonna give y'all about 40 tonight. I'm gonna give about 35 tonight. I'm just chilling.

(16m 45s):
Yep. And and that's how think about, think about the attention that Steph draws. Draws. Yeah. Now this was five, six years ago. Yeah. And think about it, the tension. And you got Clay, who's one of the, arguably one of the two or three best catch and shoot three point shooters in the history of the game. Yeah. Yeah. So you got perpetual motion, which is Steph, you got a great spot up shooter, which is Clay and you got a guys as efficient as there ever in anybody in Kevin Durant shooting the ball. A three level score, three point mid-range can finish at the rim. A 88, 90% free or a a free throw shooter. Yeah. Really?

(17m 25s):
Yeah. Too easy. Too easy. And people are like, well it ain't even fun no more. You know what I mean? You got you, you got those two guys together, but hey, and he got tired of hearing it. And I, I mean I know he's gonna say that's not the case. But as, and I said this Joe, I said the, this was New Edition when Johnny Gill joined Johnny New Edition fans was never gonna accept Johnny 'cause he didn't grow up in Roxbury, Boston. Right, right. He wasn't a part of the original group. He wasn't a Candy Rain. I mean Candy Girl. He wasn't that, that's not him. Candy Girl.

(18m 6s):
That's not him. He wasn't, he wasn't Ralph and Bobby and Ricky, Mike. No. That ain't him. And Johnny get out and say, and, and hey, don't get me wrong, all of them. 'cause think about it, all of 'em went solo. Yep. Bobby did his thing. Woo. Had that that Ralph Transman I sensitivity you had be and you had the other guys bell. Bill the vote. Johnny get woo woo, woo. Be Johnny with Johnny Better with Johnny. No. So he was never gonna be accepted. It was always gonna be Clay. It's the same thing with LeBron. LeBron can win five titles.

(18m 46s):
Right. LeBron is never gonna be bigger than Kobe. Never gonna be bigger than Magic. Never gonna be bigger than Shaq. It's just not. And even though Shaq didn't, didn't originate there, but those other two. Yeah. Magic and Kobe, I don't care who come. Right. You not finna be bigger than them, beloved. It's what? It's Ocho, right? Yeah. You right, you're right. It's what it's, it's just like you in Cincinnati. Somebody else come in and they might put up great numbers. Nah, but guess what, Ocho o we drafted Ocho, we drafted Chase.

(19m 29s):
It's what it is. Yeah. But hopefully KD gets somewhere 'cause he still giving you 26 a night. So if you put himself, he ain't well, he ain't gotta do, You know, the dirty work, You know. No. That, that ain't him. Defend tough guy. Let him freelance man. Come

(19m 46s):
on. Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today, if these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington, DC

(20m 18s):
Every morning brings a fresh new energy. This is Today with Sun. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. When things are tough, we talk about it. When there's something to figure out, we dig into it. And when there's joy, we celebrate it Because today is where it's all happening. We get the best start to every morning because we start it together. Watch The Today Show with Savannah Guthrie and Craig Melvin. Weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.

(20m 47s):
Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past, Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen report,

(21m 16s):
Millions of people have turned to Claude, the AI assistant from Anthropic because it just feels different where other AI often sound a little robotic. Claude has been designed with special research that informs its character, meaning that Claude just gets it when it comes to empathy and emotional intelligence. That's why Claude has become the, if You know, You know, choice for dating advice, career coaching, gathering your thoughts for those important life decisions and more, give Claude a try for free@claude.com. That's C-L-A-U-D e.com and let us know how you feel the difference.

(21m 59s):
Alright Joe, this is near and dear to you. Rumors are swirling about the potential Tre Young Landing spot this off season, Joe. What the hell? What the hell gonna do with Ice? Straight? Cool man. Hopefully they keep him. He's he's too great of a peace man. You know, I I I was at the game the other night, Ocho. Yeah, we should have beat each y'all, but whatever we should have. Hold on man. I just, This is the perfect time for you and Unc. I know we have a, a lot of he fans that are watching and, and, and you and UNC said that Atlanta Hawks were gonna beat us.

(22m 41s):
So I mean, you could take it upon yourself, You know, to an issue, an apology. Not just to me but to the rest of the heat nation out there because you did say we was gonna lose and it didn't happen. Did we make a bet? Did we bet? Nah. Nah, we ain't. But you forgot you ain't, you thought we bet it. Yeah. I, I, I I could've wo we bent. I thought we bet something. I'm, I'm not sure. Nah, I see how you owe off 5,200. I'm like, I ain't gonna even get that mess. I'm gonna, I'm gonna just, I'm gonna stay out your way, okay? Yeah. Don't pay it. Yeah, yeah. I'm, you do don't pay it. Yeah, I see what's going on. Yeah, but this man got a, a Shakespearean theater play in my face and he'll tell somebody pay him his money.

(23m 21s):
Hang on. Matter of fact, I just, I ain't get a chance to, I ain't show you my truck. I just got Huh? What truck? I, man, I know we got it. Hey, I know anybody back there got a picture of the truck on so we can see it. There go right there. You see it? You see what it saying? You got that type that's yours? Yeah. You see what it in the window? What a what a other what other little clip without a look. I'm gonna tear your ass up. That's what's in the window. Nah, You know, You know when you, when you get the truck, they, they get to see it right there. See what that say. Congratulations. What he say? Congratulations Chad Johnson. That's me. That's me. You, you happy for me man?

(24m 4s):
Y'all see how this man doing? Nah, but listen, this man just, this man just buying stuff. He said 2025, he living for himself or he said he take care of Joe. I ain't done, I ain't done nothing nice for myself in years, man. I ain't done. And so, You know, this year, 2025, I really decided to treat myself and I, I'm just, I I I feel good because most of the time I'm, I'm rarely on the receiving end. I'm always the one giving Right. People, people take people who gimme my money. Huh? What's next? What you get next? I know you fixing get something else. Casket. What? A casket.

(24m 45s):
That's what's next. You want that Marvel joint wrong Joe. You gonna pay me my money man? I, I promise you. I promise you. Alright. Listen, unc, I promise you I got my cyber truck. I got my Lambo. I bought the new house. I'm good. You know, let me finish the pool in the back. When I finish the pool. What kinda, Joe? What kinda, Hey, hey o you gotta chill. Hey, no, but my kids like to swim. I'm trying to teach 'em, I'm trying to teach my daughter to swim.

(25m 27s):
Let me finish the pool. Give my daughter lessons. I got you. Mm. What about my kids? Your kids, they like stuff too. Yeah. They your kids grown though. They good? My, my daughter's only three. Oh Lord. How mercy. This is Joe. I Think you good. Listen Joe, I, I done told, I done told him many of times download Apple Pay. It's on your phone, cash app, Venmo, PayPal, any of these apps to make the transaction easy. He's refusing to do that. He, he's refusing to do so.

(26m 8s):
I don't understand. Listen, he, he, he just got a dog. Right. He sent the lady a wire in advance. Just sent a wire, which lets me know that you can do a transaction. So it at the same way you sent that wire. I could wire you 5,200. But you don't want that. He want cash. I don't carry cash. Hey, look at my dog. You weigh, man. 1 73. Thanks. Hey, you 1 73 for real Going?

(26m 52s):
Yeah, man, he, oh, Ocho, first of all, Shelly sent, Shelly sent the, well, I don't have no why? I don't, I don't know how to do that. I don't, don't, sorry, what, what's Shelly information? I'll send, I'll send, I'll send it to Shelly. No, this, this is, this is a transaction between you and I. You see, you see Joe, you see how you're being, see how you're being difficult. You see what I mean? This, this is, this is why we are where we are. The last time, the last time, lemme tell you why I stopped sending wires. Huh? I bought some tires. Tires. And I don't know if I made a mistake or the bank made a mistake. Right. But it was supposed to be 20 525,000 went out.

(27m 35s):
Whoa. So, oh, wait, wait. I don't know if I made a mistake serious or they made the mistake. Huh? You serious? Yes. They gave bank right? You got some money like right. Yeah. Okay. But I said I was done, I was done after that. I, I ain't selling, I haven't sent out another y since. Yeah. I ain't got no apps. I ain't got nothing. Yeah. So, okay. I got you. I got you. I got you. Baltimore show. I want, I want everybody in Baltimore to watch. Man. That's two months away. You been hard bro. You been, hold on. You've been Harding me since February, March, April, may. So I gotta wait five months. You, I got, I gotta pay child support.

(28m 24s):
What Did I gotta do? Boy, I'm gonna tell you like My girl asked her mom to babysit the kids one time. Yes sir. Talk to me. You know what she told her? Take because we wanted to go out. She said you f for that one. You watch it. You f for those kids. I ain't Finn to worry about you child support payment. I'm just playing. I ain't on child support. But I'm gonna give you money though. I got you. You keep saying you gonna gimme my money, but Chad, he ain't gimme my money.

(29m 5s):
Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Don't forget now. Link is in five. I got you. I got you. But one thing all guys, I don't know if you guys have seen this video. There's a viral video that surfaced today. DeMar Rozen at a sushi in a sushi restaurant. DeMar was sitting at a table when a random person shoved the phone in his face with a flashlight on the prankster, uploaded the video and later showed him himself in the ambulance. What? I don't know if you've seen it. DeMar Dero, who was sitting at a table with his family looked like with his family and some friends, the guy came up, put the phone in his place talking about DeMar. They're trying to throw me outta the restaurant.

(29m 46s):
DeMar was like, bro, don't walk up on me. That, that don't. And people are like, well, he was just a, you don't, I don't know that. Right. You got the luxury of hindsight. But somebody just walking up on you and putting a phone in your face, bro. Stop playing people. Y'all play too much. I don't know why. I've never seen grown people play so much with people that you don't know at a mall. And I, I'm watching these people in these, in these what with it Costco, or not Costco, but like Lowe's or Home Depot. And they throwing pillows on stuff and they do is, man, will y'all stop playing contact cream when, when the grown people start playing so much, Joe. That's what Joe, you'll meet, you and I, Joe probably close to the same age, but I don't remember grown folks playing when I was coming up.

(30m 34s):
Hey, hey, these, these young candidates out here, they creating content o Yeah. They out here creating content and anything that's gonna go viral. Somebody put them uhs on him. Somebody put the stop. Somebody You said he was in the he was in the ambulance. That's what that's what he Yeah. He tried to get But see now see, and they going, oh man, no bro, you come up in that man's face with, with his family and you shove the phone in his face. Yeah, because don't say you didn't know who he was because you didn't do, you did that because you knew who it was. Right Now, if you go to his page, it's like either comedian, like he's a prankster. He doing stuff like that. Okay. But with somebody, hey, somebody gonna get laid down and then they go like, well he was just playing every, I keep telling people, everybody don't play how you play.

(31m 20s):
Right. You know what he trying to do? Huh? You know, he trying to get a quick buck. You know, he trying to get a quick buck because DeMar didn't touch him. DeMar didn't touch him hard enough to do anything that bad When you got to be inside the ambulance. You know what? Hey, I felt threatened. I felt threatened that that's his defense. Dammar, I felt threatened. Yeah. It should work. It should work Stu. Hey, stupid game. When you play a stupid game, you win stupid prizes. Yes sir. But y'all got fans. I, I get He's not a fan. He's not a fan. So let me take that back. Fans. Y'all gotta understand at the end of the day, see y'all quick to say money don't make you better, but y'all do things and then think money should, no, I'm a human being.

(32m 10s):
You would get upset. Stop saying it. If I made this, if I made that. No, you wouldn't. It's easy to say what you would do because you're not in that situation. Yeah. Everybody look deserves a level of respect. Stop running up on people doing this stuff. I ain't talking about fans. Y'all gotta understand. They don't know you like that. Y'all grabbing people by the shoulder. Hey, ain't ain't, bro, stop that. You know what it funny. And if, if athletes don't know you, at least approach 'em the right way in a respectful manner. Approach 'em as if they don't know you. You tried to walk up on somebody just because you recognize them, they don't know you.

(32m 50s):
Yeah. Right. Yeah. So it's a way to do things. It's a way to do things. You know, if it was, if it was me, if you didn't know me and I saw you Unc, and I saw you out, You know, I understand it. Listen, I'm Mr. Shaw, I would probably never see you again. You know, and I just wanna take this opportunity to say I'm a fan of yours. If you'll take a picture, if you sign, if not, I understand because it's your personal time. Right. And I don't Think you invade your space. But if you would do me the graces of just giving me give, gimme a signature and gimme a picture and I get out your way. If you say, how many people don't, I'm still gonna be a fan. Disrespect fan ocho. I'm in the airport. Me and Jordan walking do, dude come, dude come put his arm around me.

(33m 32s):
Talking about let's get a selfie. What? Did you take it quick on Quick Boat? On Quick Boat. You, you got, you got him up off of you, bro. I come on now. Oh, oh, I you gotta take a picture with me. I said, no, I don't gotta do anything. Right. I said, but if you ask nicely in a respectful manner, I'll take a picture with you. Stop this. I got to Oh you, hey. And please, please, I'll take a picture. If I'm in a, if I'm not in a hurry, I'm not running late, I'm gonna take a picture.

(34m 15s):
But I'm not gonna sit there while you call somebody and we get on the phone. Guess who? Look who it is. Look, it's, and I got fuck phone. That's, that's the worst. That's the worst. That's the worst. You know, you already didn't want to stop. But now you finna sit here and make a whole phone call and you want be sitting here and talk to somebody who I have no idea. No, I don't even know you. I know them even less than I know you. At least you stay. You I do it yourself. Yeah. My, my my favorite. Can you make a video from a, can you make a video from a family member? They a fan of yours. It's so they, so they knew like, hey, guess what, I'm going to the airport. I ly ocho today so I'm gonna have it. What I see it, I'm gonna have make a video tell you, give you a shout of Happy Birthday.

(34m 57s):
I'm a, I'm, I'm a, I'm a little bit more lenient, You know, Joe. 'cause I'm, I'm very sociable. You know, I places, I don't go out often, but when I go places, I'd be ready. When you coming to me, and I'm sure some people, I'm, it might be people in the chat that have seen me in public somewhere where I sit there and hug you and act like I've known you 30 years. Yeah. I'm hold a convers. But if I, I hold a conversation, I'm, I'm a little different. Unc I know you don't play that unc don't play that Ocho I be sitting at the table about to eat. I fist bump. You do say, Hey bro, I wanna shake your hand. No bro, I'm about to eat. I, and I don't mind taking, like I said, if I'm not in a hurry.

(35m 41s):
Right. Man, yesterday I was at the wrong gate. I was at, I was at Gate 20, my gate is at, at 1 35. I'm in international. Right. I was like, I cut, ask the lady, can you get a cart? Oh Lord have mercy. Ain't no car Ocho, you had a book It, I got a book it now Rest your soul. I'm sweating like Michael Jackson before the verdict is red. I'm sweating. You know what I'm saying? Pouring off me. I got my bag Ocho man, You know, but my heels bad, my knee bad and I gotta walk a mile. They tell me it's the final call.

(36m 22s):
The lady, is that you Mr. Is that you Mr. Shark? Yeah, that's me. You better hurry. We about to close the door. Yeah, well you would've been well you would've been mad. Mad dude run way from back down there. Hey, can we get a picture together? I said, bro, you think I'm about to Mr. Flag to take a picture with you? I said, you a, Hey, I can only imagine. I said, Lord have mercy. Listen, look, it's a, it's a once in a lifetime thing. Oh. They probably ain't gonna never run into you again. That's how Yeah, that shit, I gotta, I gotta get him Joe. I had already missed one flight. I had already missed the flight. Okay. Okay. Dealing with the LA traffic. It's supposed to be on the three 30. I get there at airport at three 20.

(37m 4s):
Oh man. So I done missed that flight. Okay. I'm sitting down there, I'm like, You know, I've been, I've been to dinner club, You know, I'm like eating some chicken. I eat some Adobe chicken. You know they got some corn bread I eat up there. I look up like damn, I better go. You know? So I ho by like, oh, I ain't nothing right around the corner. You know ain't this ain't nothing me. Right. Man. I get in the game 20. I gave a lady my phone, I think she's like, sir, what flight are you trying to go? I said, I'm going to Vegas. She say, honey, this going to Salt Lake City. So I'm like, oh Lord, salt Lake City.

(37m 44s):
I said, so ma'am, if you don't mind me asking where, what a flight of Las Vegas. She got a little thing. She like, oh, always at 1 35. I say, how far is that? She say, son, it's in, it's in the international. I said, well how far is that? Oh yeah. Yeah. It was stressful for you, wasn't it? I already go. Oh man, I already know now mind you did the interview, had an interview yesterday with it. I can't tell you who it is. Great door. We have a great time. She'll talk, I will tell you that she can talk. So now I'm supposed to get to there airport a certain time. Traffic. Oh, now I'm already late.

(38m 25s):
We got Nightcap. Now if I don't get this flight, I would've took the show. I would've took the show. I got you. Yeah. Back to back to the, back to the hotel. I gotta go. Jordan already, Jordan asked, he already Shelly, Shelly blowing my phone up. Jordan's on the flight. She said he hadn't seen you. Well, I hadn't seen him either. Well, he should have called me. They came and got me. Hey, hey, hey. That's why if you ever fly private, you'll really, really appreciate it because You know what it's like going through that airport. You know how stressful it is.

(39m 5s):
Yes. I mean, I ain't got private money. I got public money. That's why I fly public airlines. Right, right. I ain't got private money. Oh, Joe, Joe, you be flying private every Blue Moon Ocho. I gotta have something real important to do. Okay. What, what, what that run. What'd that run you? I don't mean to be in your pocket. I'm not trying to count you, man. I'm just asking what that run you. It's all about how far you going. Yeah. Yeah. Depending on where you going and what type of jet you getting on, what you on. Okay, you on a citation, you a bombardier, you on a G six, G five, four. What you on, what's the lower G to go to one? I mean, you probably, I mean, it probably start about what?

(39m 45s):
I'll probably say around five, five an hour and probably go up to 20 an hour. 20. Who? 20 K. You get expensive O Joe. I'm, I'm, I'm good. I I lead that to the CEOs. Boy, you gotta tell me nothing. Like I say, Hey, it's gotta, it's, it's got to be very, very, very Right. Very, very. And especially matter of fact, if you whatever you spin it right. The fly private and whatever it is, that's important. If you, if the reason for going where you gotta go of importance is about making that money back then I could see it. I, I, I could see it.

(40m 26s):
I could understand. But I hate Ocho. Boy. I hate cutting that check. 'cause you gotta wire that money and you wire 80, ou 80. Who? And even if you, if you make wire 80,000, even if you make 150, 200, you be thinking like, man, I could have flown Delta. That'd been 2000. That's how I be. Right. I be thinking, oh dude, hey Shelly, b Shelly, after you wanna apply? No, I do not wanna fly private. I do not. I'm listen, I can, I can get you, I can get you from the east coast, west coast on Spirit, You know, for $180. We talking about 2000. Come on man. I mean it's the East coast, the west coast. 180 bucks. Yeah. Joe, come on over here to Spirit with me now.

(41m 7s):
X row C 13 A. They'll take care. I got, I'm, I got 2 million miles on Delta. I'm good. I like Delta. Alright. I mean, I'm right on Delta. I got you. Yay. Them peach. Hey they nice because You know Joy, Hey, you get to leave when you want to leave. Hey, would you like food? They have whatever you want. You want Popeye's, whatever the case you want. They have a nice prepared meal. You want seafood? I can do every, everything you naming right now, I can show up to the airport early with everything you naming in hand and get on my spirit of life. Everything. Hey, this, oh, Joe. I I I ain't got it. I swear I ain't got it like that. I just, nah, I just can't see that money going like that.

(41m 48s):
Yeah. It, it's, it's hard to see it, it hard to see it. Leave that account in all you want. What? Yeah. And then you think about it, you, hey, you be sick. Like, ooh, damn. Think about just like Think you could could've done with it. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. And so like, I was like, nah, I'm good. Hey, I just, hey, I have to take this old bad knee and walk through the airport. Don't show. Pretty soon your boy gonna have to be on that cart. So, Hey Chad, when y'all feel you boy on the cart, don't talk about, Hey man, I saw unc, I saw UNC on the cart. You damn sure did. That was me because I'm about to be sitting my ass up on the cart. Well, You know what's funny? You got a bad knee. You got, you got bad head.

(42m 28s):
You, you can get the wheelchair. You ain't gotta stand in line. Nah, I ain't gonna do the wheelchair. Now. Say that. Man, I, I'll tell y'all story, man. I went to pick up my mom from the airport. My mom didn't tell me she had broke her foot. So I'm driving around the airport. I say, mama, where are you? She talking about, I'm right here. I done drove around the airport about five times. My mama sitting her ass in a wheelchair. She said, what? You tell me you broke. I, so how was I supposed to know? I wasn't looking for somebody in the wheelchair. Mama. My mama sitting in the wheelchair. I done drove around the airport about five times.

(43m 9s):
And Joe, You know how it is driving around Atlanta airport, that thing crazy. Oh yeah, man, this is, that was the la actually, that was the last time I picked up somebody from the airport. I'm gonna send a car for you. Yeah, it is rough around here, boy going that airport, this the bus airport and probably country. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, first of all, I'm mad all, first of all, I gotta go pick somebody up at the airport. What I'm really mad about is the hour and a half traffic that I had to get through just to get my ass to the airport and the hour and a half back to get from the airport. Right? Yeah. So you come see me, I'll see you when you get to your destination.

(43m 51s):
Yeah, that's what I see you. I'm not coming to pick you up. I'm just gonna tell you now, my kids, my kids know. Hey, when they come see me in LA car service, pick 'em up when they come see me in. I got you. That ain't 'cause I, I, I'm, I'm, I'm moody, I'm irritable. No, they trash out there LA and then, and then Ash walked like she in a parade. Okay. Hey, know what we do, what we do with Jordan, we leave Ash though. But this joke right here, Jordan Ocho. Yeah, Joe, if you ever fly with Jordan, just go ahead and tell him you gonna meet him at the hotel.

(44m 32s):
This JoeGon help everybody get they bag off. I look back there, he taking bags off this your bag mail. I'm like, Jordan, that ain't your job. Hey, I said, Hey. Okay. Don't be in that trunk. Don't be in the trunk when I get here. Go. Hey, you left. You gotta catch a cab, huh? Uber? Yeah. I reimburse you. You wanna, you want, you wanna work for the airline and take everybody bag drop. I got you.

(45m 12s):
Don't worry about it. Okay. This is subject OCHO that's near and dear to your heart. To my Tracy Ellis Ross say she only dates younger men. Yeah. Because of the toxic masculinity. Masculinity and men her age. A lot of men my age are steeped in to toxic masculinity and have been raised in a culture where there is a particular way that relationship looks. Anything that start the smell of that with me, I did enough or where I was controlled and felt like I was a a, a possession or a prize. I just have no interest in it and I will not do it again. So she doesn't want to feel like a possession or a prize, but she gonna date younger men. That's so she could feel like a possession or a prize.

(45m 53s):
Prize. I mean, it, it, it would, it would be the same thing. But I I I don't, I don't understand what I, what I I what I, what I will say is, as a older woman, like Ms. Ross, I think she also has more control dealing with the younger, with the younger fellas anyway. Yeah. He has more control. But what, hold on. But what they say about when, when, when, when, when, when UNC say he wanna date younger men. Right? They killed me. What they say? What do women what? Yeah, what I'm saying, I wanna date younger women. What? I said what I wanna date when I wanna what you man, when I wanna date younger women, what they say Ocho. Right. Oh, I'm a creep. Oh, I'm, I'm a I What, what they, what they call that?

(46m 34s):
What they call that when a, when a when a when a man like, I'm grooming. I'm grooming. Right. That's the term they use when me grooming. When she talking about dating younger men, Joe, what they say? Go ahead girl. That's what I'm talking about. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean it's, it is different. It's, it, it, why is it different? Oh, I, I don't, I don't know. They just, they see it different. They view it differently. And I mean, I, I don't know. You know, it's, I call it, it's called girl math. And girl math is not for us. It's meant to understand. But listen, I I think it happens all the time. Older, older men love dating younger women. Older women love dating younger men. It's been that it's been like that for a very long time. Listen to each their own. I don't, yeah, I think when it comes to, to women dating younger men, they're able to control 'em a little, a little bit more.

(47m 20s):
They able to get 'em to do what they wanna do as opposed to dating men their age where there's not much they can get away with. Because men their age really don't play the games that they wanna play. You able to, they they able to to manipulate the younger men all the time. But here's the thing though, Joe, what people don't understand, she's Tracy Ellis Ross and she's 52. She's a celebrity, she's an entertainer. She has money now, all y'all that's out there in y'all fifties and sixties or forties, and think y'all gonna get you a 20-year-old, 25, 30-year-old. Come on. Now you saying she got the means to do that? Yeah, she could play. Listen, when you got money like that, she could play the game the way she want to.

(48m 3s):
Right. But all my thing, my thing is, if I said I and you ocho we've had this conversation, Joe, you've never been a part of this, but Tcho and I, we've had this conversation. I say, You know, hey, 30-year-old, 35 maybe up to ny Man, you need to get you somebody your age. Why you don't want nothing to open a bankroll, daddy. Hey, so what we gonna do, get on that, get on that little bus together so they can take us to a doctor's appointment together. Nah, I want somebody to drive me to my appointment. Let me get outta the front. Go park the cop and come in there and join me. That's what I'm looking for. Hey, hey. You said want me your age.

(48m 44s):
She can't keep up catching off, huh? Huh? A woman your age can't keep up with you. She can't keep up. I ain't got, but I, I got two and I possible Joe, I got a spade. I got spade Wood two and I possible, and they might be cutting it. I got a bunch of a, I got the ace, but I got a bunch of diamonds in my hand, so they might be cutting off the rip. I'm telling you that ain't, that's all I got for you. That's all I got for you. All that. No, I, I ain't never been no guy. Hey, I ain't Finn lie to him. Ooh, girl, I'm gonna, oh, I'ma tear you up all night long. No, I'm not. I'm gonna be sleeping all night long. Hey, but You know, You know what?

(49m 24s):
But, but Ms. Ross can, Ms. Ross can get away with that. Obviously other women can get, get away with it as well. But Ms. Ross is in a position, in a, in a position of power. Not many women are in a position like she is where she can correct who she wants to deal with regardless. I ain't got no problem with it though. Yeah. I like, I'm just, you and I, we just having a conversation. I ain't got no problem with it. Yeah. I don't got no problem with whoever you date. I don't care how old they are. If they're legal, if they 19 and you 40, that is a legal consenting age. I ain't got nothing to do with that. I don't care what people do in their homes. Mm. But I'm just saying the hypocrisy of older women dating younger men versus older men dating younger women.

(50m 5s):
Right. And the first thing when it comes to men dating younger women, the first thing you gonna say, y'all ain't got nothing in common. Y'all ain't got nothing in common. What do y'all have in common? But you talk Yeah. What, what they got in common? I don't know. I don't know. That's a good thing that, that, that's a good question. But again, listen, when you are in a position like Ms. Ross, you, you can do that. You get to pick and choose who you want. You don't have to deal with, you do most of the time. And women are in situations where they actually need a man. They need a man. She's in the business. Well, I don't need you. I actually want you. Yes. Everybody ain't, I I, I, I think after you get to a certain age, it's like, okay, what am I willing to deal with?

(50m 52s):
Like she say, she don't wanna deal with a man that has a certain, You know, hey, if you 55, 6, 50, 55, 60, you grew up in an era, it was a certain way, Joe, You know, your mom and dad, things worked a certain way. Grandpa, grandma, it worked a certain way. Now it's, it's gotten a little. And so now these men, now women now they're like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. No, ain't no stand at home cooking ain't no stand. Hey, if I don't go out, you can't go out. Women say, we you wanna go, or I'm going. My, I don't remember a time, well, when my grandmother, my grandfather didn't go, my grandmother wasn't going. Yeah. If my grandmother wasn't going, my grandfather wasn't going.

(51m 32s):
Be it church fishing, the grocery store, it didn't matter. Now women, like I go with my girls, I don't care. You look, I don't want to go. I don't care. I ain't got no problem with that. I I I have never been one of those guys. When you can't go out or you can't wear that out. Right. Right. If you wore that when I met you, keep it going. Right. Right. That's how you gotta be. Don't yo Yeah. I, I know you, you don't like that, huh? Who? If you meet, if, let's just say for the sake of argument, you meet somebody and she wearing something, she wearing something revealing. Right. She get with you, you gonna make her stop wearing it? Or are you gonna like, okay baby, hey, I met you when you was wearing this.

(52m 14s):
Keep it going. No, I'm, I'm not like that. Huh? You know, I don't run no prison. I don't run no prison. I'm not a warden. And obviously if you, I talking to somebody and she's wearing something revealing, I doubt I would even take someone like that serious. So I really wouldn't be in that situation to begin with. I would. Yeah. So you see somebody at the beach and she got that, she got that, that one piece. Or she got that two piece in that fat catty corner in a bunk, right? You would Think you were talking about you ain't gonna take her serious. Yeah. For fun. She that I'm looking for that. What I'm looking for. Come on over. Okay. Okay. I, I understand what you mean. Yeah. For fun, for fun, I mean, especially, especially at the, well, damn, what you want go with a, with, with a, with an army skirt on. No, no. But, but for fun, there's, there's a certain way, there's, there's a certain way to dress without having to reveal that you got there.

(52m 59s):
Think give me with least something for the imagination. If you got it all hanging out already, I mean, okay, that, that lets me know. Okay. That right there, that's for fun. That's not to take serious. It's simple. Really. Come on unc, You know that. Don't, don't do that. Don't. You've been in a game too long. You know that

(53m 19s):
Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today, if these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington. DC

(53m 49s):
Every morning brings a fresh new energy. This is today. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. When things are tough, we talk about it. When there's something to figure out, we dig into it. And when there's joy, we celebrate it Because today is where it's all happening. We get the best start to every morning because we start it together. Watch The Today Show with Savannah Guthrie and Craig Melvin. Weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.

(54m 18s):
Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 20, 24 Nissen report,

(54m 48s):
Millions of people have turned to Claude, the AI assistant from Anthropic because it just feels different where other AI often sound a little robotic. Claude has been designed with special research that informs its character, meaning that Claude just gets it when it comes to empathy and emotional intelligence. That's why Claude has become the, if You know, You know, choice for dating advice, career coaching, gathering your thoughts for those important life decisions and more, give Claude a try for free@claud.com. That's CAUD e.com and let us know how you feel the difference, You know that, come on.

(55m 32s):
I mean, I, I just, I, I just, I just like looking whatever, whatever they're advertising. Once you get that, ah, what's left after that? There's a, they advertising it. It's to get attention outside that. We'll give it to what's left. I'm just, I'm just asking outside of that. What's left. All right, once you did, Hey babe, I'm just asking Joe, am I, am I tripping or am I wrong? No, man, you ain't tripping. Okay. I don't know. I've just been in a game for seven years. I guess I might be. I'm out here on the island by myself. I just, I just like, I mean, I just like looking. I just, You know, I can't buy the car. I just, like, sometimes I go to the dealership and just look at 'em.

(56m 14s):
I, I like looking too. I like looking. We all like, is that, is that a form of cheese? If you looking? They say people get three to five for staring. Is that a form of cheating? No. No. For real. I'm joking. No, no, no, no, no. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, bro. But but here's the thing though. Here's the thing, now you with your lady, nice girl walk by. Do you acknowledge that she's nice or you pretend like you didn't see it? Hold on. The funny thing, if I'm with my girl, right? She going, she going to see it before I do and tap me. She gonna say something. Yeah, she gonna say something. Man, look at that. What?

(56m 54s):
Ooh, she what? She got some ass, don't she? Yeah, she do. Yeah, you gotta pretend. Who, where she at? I done beat. I saw him. I saw way before you did. I saw 10 minutes earlier. I didn't say nothing. I saw, I saw exactly they start tingling, but I pretend like what at? Oh yeah. You okay? Good lord of mercy. Hey, hey, one thing. Hey, this, this. Oh my goodness, boy. Yeah, you just gotta pretend like you don't see it just, oh, you like that respect. Oh, you like that, huh? No, I don't like that. I like the way, Hey, I like the way your booty dragged the ground.

(57m 37s):
That's what I like. Hey, You know what I'm saying? I, I don't like that working, sitting up on the shoulders. I with you baby. You gotta make a feel. You got a ocho You gotta be, you gotta be careful the way you answer hype, man. You gotta be a hype man. Got you girl, Joe. You know this. You gotta be hype man. Yeah. Damn baby. That look good. Yeah. Oh, hey, now I, now you doing it, baby. Okay. That's what I'm talking about. I done turn into a hype, man. Ocho, I, I didn't know. I mean, I go to, we ain't have to hype it, You know, like, yeah baby, you look good today. Yeah. Every day. Yeah. All day. Yeah. Reassurance. Reassurance is very important.

(58m 17s):
Today's, today's era very important. Yeah. Oh yeah. I ain't got no problem with it. I mean, when you, boy, when you boy step out there, he got a little something nice. Go and tell him, You know, Hey, you look back baby. Okay. Okay. Yeah. You know, I like a little affirmation too. I like to be told that. Hey, okay, you put that on. I like that daddy. Yeah. I like, I like, I like it. I like get 5,200. I can get me a nice little outfit to go to Green Bay. Do this a draft. I get that 5,200 right quick. Well, I, You know, matter of fact, I'm not even wearing, I'm not even wearing an outfit to the draft for green bait, but I'm wearing, I'm wearing a sterling, sharp jersey.

(59m 2s):
Okay. Yeah. I got a, I got an authentic sterling, sharp jersey. It's gonna be 44 degrees O Joe. I'm gonna put on what the Wait o be outside? No, we in the atrium. Yeah. So, yeah, I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. You know, I like the cold now. I ain't got no problem with that. Oh, okay. I got mad boy. Huh? Florida boy, like the cold. Oh man. Yeah. I don't know what he's talking about. Listen, being in Cincinnati, oh God. Coming from Miami where it's always hot, we get a cold front. Every blue moon. I, for some reason, I grew an appreciation for the cold and I couldn't wait till we get to November, December and we get what Joe? We get about 40 to 30 degrees. Man. I'm out there practicing with no sleeves on, running around, having a ball.

(59m 44s):
Everybody else standing by the heater. I'm out there doing put, I'm, I don't, I, I don't like the cold. I just love the cold. What y'all be off of On them, on them cold games, man. What, what you be off of? So you gotta be off on something Red Bull or something? What? You No, no, no, no. I just, I put the Vaseline on the sleeves and I just go, I'm good. What the Vaseline do? Keep keep the heat in. Yeah, keep the heat in a little bit. And You know the, the benches are already heated then. You know I got my, I got my heat, my What's you call the heat warmer on the Oh yeah. You got those, those, those, those packs. Y got the packs. They got the, the warm packs and got the warm, the yeah. Head warmers good. And the TV anytime at the TV timeout I always run, I always run to the heater, warm up a little bit.

(1h 0m 26s):
And I watch the man with the orange gloves. When I see him do like that, I just run back. I run back out to the field. Nah, I ain't like that. Woo. No, I don't like the cold. I do. And it be cold like that, Jordan. I mean, I was in two places I played would get cold. Denver, Baltimore. Yeah, yeah, yeah. In Denver. It get really, really, really, I'm talking about 2010 and 20 at practice. Yeah. Mm. I went out there with no sleeves. Sunday I'm gonna be out there with no sleeves. Yeah. During the week. You know, I'll be warm for sure.

(1h 1m 7s):
And You know the offensive lineman, they got no sleeves in their shorts. Wish y'all the best. Alright, we gonna get you out here on this one. It's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for Q and Hey, Kera Norwood, Jr. Said, oh, I'm rolling with the Lakers until the wheels fall off. Mm. Lakers and five. Well we all, we Hey, one of 'em done came off Kera. Let's just hope the other one don't. The other one don't come off the D Smith say Unc, I told you the Wve are not long and their bench is way better. And I knew if Nas read that the key to the series. I got this series going six or seven.

(1h 1m 48s):
But game two is important for the Lakers. Absolutely. It's an absolute must. It's an absolute must. Absolute Ns Reed did what he was supposed to do. He won sixth Man of the year last year for this very reason for the performance that he gave the wolves tonight. Oreo Hoodlum said JJ Reddick, JJ Fish, JJ from Good Times. A man at five. Alright. Oreo, you all y'all bragging. See? Okay. Okay Doc, what's up hugging Ocho? Oh, if the Timber woods take game two, will it be time for the Lakers to panic? Of course. Yeah. Yeah. Because if, if, if Minnesota go up too old, they looking to bring that broom out.

(1h 2m 32s):
They ain't looking to come back. Exactly. Red Hood say Lakers at five. I be careful what you might say. Might need a broom. I'm smelling sweet. Mm. Ready. It ain't gonna happen. RJ Copan, salt shakers shaken Bakers. LBJ is a goat baker. Lakers lose in five rj. Okay, see y'all do all that. I I knew they was gonna happen. I knew what was gonna happen at some point in Leg Lu, y'all gonna be talking to crazy, but Okay, make sure y'all show up Monday night now JW from Akron. Oh, why Ocho always trying to bet your guests?

(1h 3m 12s):
No, he ain't paid you or me. When you run, when you run up and get, get your five bands. Snatch about Snatch that jersey for Yeah, Ocho You know. Hey J Dub, you didn't get that man. New Jersey Ocho. Who? J Dub. Oh, J Dub. I thought you supposed to send, I thought you was supposed to send as the information so I can send the jersey. She done send it to J Dub. We done sent, we relayed that information to the proper channels. OCHO has it. Wait, hold on, hold on. You ain't finna put that on us. Okay. Okay. Okay. Matter of fact, we might do it 'cause the proper channels ain't really the proper channels no more. Oh, okay. Dr. Frankie l Belly said, Hey Fab, overall, which team made the biggest statement tonight?

(1h 3m 54s):
And who should be worried most after game one? Lakers. Remember the team that lost on their home court? Yeah. Series doesn't start till the world team wins. And T Wolf got off to a great start. They've already won. So the biggest, the biggest statement or the greatest impression made was made by the T Woods in the final game. Tonight wasn't even close. Big guy wasn't on Joe. Joe, what do you do with the Lakers? What does the Lakers gotta do to win game two to avoid a 2.0 play with some damn intensity. True. Yeah. Probably more, more of a sense of urgency. Yeah, man, they energy just wasn't there.

(1h 4m 34s):
Like I said, I just felt the, the Timber Wars were very desperate. They played desperate and they played like a team who came in there to, to get a win. They came with a purpose. Absolutely. Absolutely. They ain't back down that one bit. They attacked them. They attacked the Lakers all night long, man. And like I said, McDaniels and re gonna play like that. Lakers ain't got a chance. Him beating a Wve 10 17 Boogie Luca Paducah, bazooka Wolves in five Dewan Hines. Procrastination, condensation, relaxation. Lakers about to be on vacation. Okay, Dewan, y'all talking bad. Y'all talking real reckless.

(1h 5m 16s):
Y'all talking real reckless King saw 1, 2, 3. Not my best day as a sports fan. Cm Punk lost the Lakers. Lost damn cm. Punk lost. Damn, I ain't happy about that. More happy, more disappointed. Lakers lost than C him. I'm sorry guys. There's zero chance OKC would consider taking KD back. The ownership despises him. I don't know about that. I mean, I guess I'm assuming that you live in OKC and you probably heard something, but I don't know. I'm not so sure Kevin Durant, that's just us talking. There's nothing that's ever been said. I don't, Kevin Durant has never mentioned anything. I know he, he enjoyed his time while he was there, but he probably hadn't been back since he left.

(1h 6m 1s):
So probably not a great chance of him going back. Kevin's sw Hoffer, could you see Adman teaming up with Weby late in their career? And would d and would D Rose be a top three all time part point guard if he didn't get injured? Oh man, that's a good one. What you think what you, this this is, this is your level of expertise, Joe? Yeah. D Rose's man. I mean he's the youngest. MVP, right? Yes. He was the youngest MVP ever. Like I said, I've got a chance to play against him in playoff series. And he's, he was special man.

(1h 6m 41s):
He was special. Probably the most athletic guard that we, he Oh, you in the athletic point guard. Because now you see Russ, you see Russ, you see Ja, all these athletic point guards. He was the first man. He, that was a tough matchup. Yeah, he definitely, he, I think he definitely would've been, You know, at least top five, You know, point guards ever to play. He just played with so much tort that it seemed as though his body just kind of gave out, man. But he was special bro. He was special. Gracie Gracie q titles about to go collect his dad's money.

(1h 7m 21s):
He's bigger than OCHO so it'll be easy. Yeah, I'm, I'm gonna send Titus down there with you to get my money. Ocho I told you I'm gonna pay you, I'm gonna pay you after the, I finished the pool. Huh? But old folk don't never have no patience. Patience in the virtue what's in the Bible. I'll let you, I'm gonna let you spin, finish doing what you need to do with my money. And then once you No, what I'm doing, what I'm spending ain't got nothing to do with your money. Your 5,200 is off to the side. Well go and send it to me, Thomas.

(1h 8m 3s):
I figure out a way. What about bring it to me Green Bay. How about Green Bay? You'll see me in five days. Okay, I'm gonna bring it to Green Bay. You Think you, what'd you say, Joe? You want in cash? Cash money. See, I don't see, I don't carry cash. That make me feel like when I have cash like that, it make me feel irresponsible. Amen. Don't worry about it. You, you should feel irresponsible that you hadn't paid me. Nah, because as long as I owe you it never go broke. I'm broke right now. I need that Nelson Black. Say I, my cousin is getting married July 12th and I'm on the wedding and your show is Charlotte is in Charlotte July 12th and I got the meet and greet ticket.

(1h 8m 49s):
So don't judge me if your boy late and come here with a tux. Nelson, come here. We like the church. Come as you are. You know what I'm saying? We don't judge. We don't judge. Now my grandma didn't take that serious because you was not going up in that church to look at any kinda house. All that said, but God said, come as you are. Mayor Porter didn't say that. No sir. Not having that. Hey yeah, Nelson, the Charlotte meet and greet tickets are sold out. So thank you. We appreciate that. But come on in there. Come on in. That thing Franklin status four, the chemistry y'all have because she was my wife Christine Franklin nursing student is turning 41 on the 25th.

(1h 9m 33s):
My son Christian Franklin, student athletes turning 1720 ninth. The shout out will be appreciated. Christine Franklin, Kristen Franklin dad want y'all to know he is very proud of you guys and all of your accomplishments. Wifey. A nursing, nursing student. Congratulations son. I know you gonna do big things, so I ain't worried about you, but your dad just wanted to know wife. He wanted you to know that he's proud of you guys, congratulations. Continued success.

(1h 10m 5s):
That concludes this episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network Today.

(1h 10m 17s):
Y'all know me. Your favorite up, your favorite number 85 being a legend. Liberty City is own, that's Ochocinco Johnson. And in your top right, the man known as ISO Joe, the mid range specialist, sharp Stu Shooter extraordinaire. Joe Johnson, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for your support. Thank you for tuning in. Hey, sometimes we come on extremely late, but we can always count you guys to show support and we greatly appreciate that. And I don't know, I don't know if we can say thank you enough because thanks to you, all of this is possible.

(1h 10m 58s):
Like I said earlier, all these plaques that are behind us, the awards that we win, everybody's talking about Nightcap, everybody talks about Club Shehe. Everybody really loves the addition of Joe Johnson. And so we are looking to add Joe for the basketball for the entirety of the basketball season, upcoming basketball season, starting in October. So yes sir, we thank you guys. We listen, we hear what you guys are saying and we try to make sure we bring you the best. Whatever it is, be it football, we try to have you the best contributors. We try to have the best guests. We try to make sure that we continue to evolve and make sure you con you're pleased with the content that we're producing. So thank you guys.

(1h 11m 38s):
Make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We do have it in stock and if you cannot find it in a city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84. Everything is restocked. The link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies Last. Last but not least, tickets for our Not Safe for Work Tour went on. Sale eight stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, la, Miami, New York, Chicago and Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. That's shehe media.com/tour.

(1h 12m 21s):
That link is pending in the chat. Also, guest line up is shaping up. Well guys, you don't wanna miss this. Hopefully we're coming somewhere near you and you'll come out and see your favorite UNC and your favorite N UNC in ocho. Get your tickets now while you can. Thank you guys for joining us again. We off tomorrow, right? We off tomorrow. We doing tomorrow? We're off tomorrow. We'll see you Monday, Tuesday. We'll see you from the draft Thursday and we're back in a regular rotation. So we're off tomorrow night. We'll see you Monday. Thank you guys for joining us again. We greatly appreciate your support. Oh, OCHO and Joe, we'll see you on Monday. Peace.

(1h 13m 6s):
The Volume Some stands for. So others, mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase, community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington. DC.

(1h 13m 40s):
You know, some people say that, ooo, business management software is like fertilizer, the way it promotes growth and all. But other people say Oo is like a magic beanstalk because it grows with your company and it's also magically affordable. And there's some people who would even say oos, individual software programs come together to build the perfect suite like building blocks. Well, oo is all of these things. Fertilizer magic Beanstalk building blocks for business. So sign up now@ooo.com o doo.com.

(1h 14m 11s):
Millions of people have turned to Claude, the AI assistant from Anthropic because it just feels different where other ais often sound a little robotic. Claude has been designed with special research that informs its character, meaning that Claude just gets it when it comes to empathy and emotional intelligence. That's why Claude has become the, if You know, You know choice for dating advice, career coaching, gathering your thoughts for those important life decisions and more, give Claude a try for free@claude.com. That's CAUD e.com. And let us know how you feel the difference.

(1h 14m 47s):
Get This. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives. But are we investing in their future financial success? With Green Light, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving, and investing, and this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.