
This is an iHeart podcast.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na, and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they eped up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's X purse spring and back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Tito's Handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Tito's made in Austin, Texas. Real attention to detail. I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice. Refreshing. Easy. Summer, winter, spring. Totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's, it's a perfect time to kick back with some Titos. It's what I pour you should too. Distilled and bottled by Fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


The volume Pound for pound. When I was in the league, I was the second strongest player. I was 225 pounds with a max of four 70. Hold on. You was the second strongest player on your team maybe? No, in the league body weight, pound for pound. Man. Hey, you did that with no, with no spot man. No, I, no. Yeah. Hey, he probably listen. Hey, that it was probably elevated. They probably had some help. Ain't no elevator. Hey, you see?


Pull it back. You can see what's back there. You can see what's back there. Hey on. You see these on? I take it down. Slow control on Joe by myself. Hey look, touching my chest. That is a bitch. Hey, that's a, that's a magic trick. Hey, hey look, I gotta see that for myself. That's a, that's my a a Hey Joe. That's AI Joe. That's ai. That ain't real. Who can ai? That's ai. Hey Chad, that's ai. Don't, don't, I ain't gonna lie to you. That's one thing to Chad. No, the chat. No, look, I ain't gonna lie to you. That ain't nothing but some squat weight for me. Boy. I ain't, I ain't sitting here. I ain't gonna sit here and lie to you. I ain't Finn try to get under there and 11 0 4, 0 5. Boy please. Hey, hey, hey Joe.


It ain't that hard Joe. He just, just look like that. You know y'all got d You know football players have different build from basketball players for sure. I do. Joe, look at me, Joe. I There you go. There you go. Here you go. Here he go. Look at my, Hey, y'all Give, I tell you what o ocho give me six weeks. What you gonna do at six? What? What you, what you, you get you six gimme six weeks. Whatcha you talking about? Okay. You want, you wanna do Ocho, you really wanna do this? You know I work out every day, UNC. No, I'm said Whatever you gonna do. I work out every day. I, I ain't played football in 12 years. I work out every day. Like I'm finna get How Long you think it's been since I played football?


Damn. You think I retired yesterday? I'm, I'm telling you, I work out every day. Like I'm finna get a phone call. You just never know. I Gene case, I've been, I've been retired 22 years. Okay. Okay. We double hips. What you wanna do? I mean, what? Want you don't want Six? I I be you. I wouldn't even put my feet on the Floor. Man, listen, six weeks, what you wanna do? I could hold my feet up too. What you saying? Hey Ocho, aunt Joe, I'll be, I'll be you. My feet up like this. Here. I, I can do, I can do the same thing. It's all about, hey listen unc, it's all about core at that point. Hey, you see how my feet, that's feet, my feet on the bitch with you?


Alright. I wanna, I wanna know what's up with this six week challenge. What you trying to do? 'cause I love, I love a good competition. I ain't wasting my time with you, man. That's what I, I thought because You know what's up. You don't want no smoke with me. You know better, You know, line. Don't get your blood pressure up, Joe. Hey, no, I'm, I'm good Joe. Joe, I'm good, Joe. But when it come to competing, can't nobody to see me in nothing. I don't care who it is or what it is and what I do, Joe, Man, Ocho, I don't even, I don't even really live like that no more Ocho, but for you man, lost is mind over there.


Yeah. Woo. You I be ocho you can't even do three 15. How you gonna tell me what I could do? I do it tomorrow, UNC, before my flight. I do it before my fight tomorrow to show you aint lifting weight. Ain't nothing to me. Huh? Hold, I'm trying to think. Hey, listen, hold on. Where we going? Hold on. Listen, let, let me finish. I've been pushing weight since the eighties. I've been lifting weight the eighties. All right, now. Alright. Whatcha talking About? I, huh? Oh, hey Joe. Joe, I done done it. Oh, Joe, I was a mule for the cartel. Joe, you talking about this what I do? Hey, look at this. Look at that. Lemme, lemme put it in the camera for you so you can see Joe. You see that? That's 30 inches, boy, that's 30, That's half of that.


Hey man, I need to waste my time. Hey Joe. I I took a nap today, Joe. Yeah, I tell, I I took a nap today, Joe. You must be had something to drink. Say you could out, you could out, you could out bitch me. I ain't, I ain't doing nothing. This Avon, It spiked with something guys. Tyreek Hill runs a ten one five to win the hundred meters at the last chance. Sprint series. Joe, take a look at this. Well, he right there. Who was that? Who was that came in second, next to week?


Well, he, Hey On, hold on. Who was that he was racing against. He, he was, it's called the a hundred meters at the last Chance Sprint series. That boy got some wheels on him, Man. Yeah, he, he can, But you gotta understand Tyreek is still heavy for a sprinter. In order for Tyreek to be a, like a legit sprinter, Tyreek needs to be somewhere between one 50 and 1 65. 1 65. Tyreek weighs about 180 5 Tyres boy. Tyreek big boy. Yes. He, Yeah. You got No Noah Lyes weigh like 1 60, 1 65 tops. Yeah. Sprinters are, I don't know if you've ever seen them, but they, especially they are, they are small, Very small.


Tyre got too much muscle. Yeah. You know, and he said it though, Joe. He said, I, he, I he got too muscle bound. He dropped, he said he dropped like a 10. So he is like 180 5. That's, and I look and people are like, well they got high school guys running. But you gotta realize Tyreek is not especially in track. Tyreek is a football player. He's a football player. So lemme ask you a question. How many of those guys in high school that can, that run ten one or 9 9 2 can run a stop route to run a speed out, to run a dig to run a over can run a comeback. See, you take Zero. Anybody that can do something that they don't normally do and do it at an elite level, I take my hat off.


Yeah, I take my hat off. You know if, if, if a Anthony Ant man come out there and he ran a comeback and he run like that, that's boy that pretty good boy. A guy that ain't ran a around and seven, eight years. Tyreek don't really tyreek trains to be a football player. Now those guys that run that 9, 9 2, how many of 'em gonna go cross the mill and catch their ball? They, they didn't have alligator arms. I see a lot guy. I see Guy. I've seen guys faster than that as Ronaldo Miah what it's like to catch a football. He ran that shallow cross. Hey, It was a, it was, it was zoned.


He was fast. He ran like a man, he went right back to track. Look, I can pull it up. Google it. Ronaldo, I remember he was fast as hell. What? Hey, hold on. Ocho did y see the dude speed and what's the and asked Hall Hall him? Yeah. Yeah. Speed ain't beating Tyreek. The one thing that Tyreek got is get out. Yeah. He ain't beat him in a 40. He, he hey, in a 40 Tyreek really might beat Noah. He can't beat him in a hundred. No, but in a 40. Yeah, but look, Noah allow strength is the back half of the race in. Yes. Because he legit, he's turned himself into a a hundred meter runner.


Yes sir. But he's ex, he's a 200 meter runner. Runner. That's why Usain was so good. Usain Bolt was a 200 meter runner. So he got strength if he could ever get out there, if he could ever, if he's even with you after 10 meters by Is a wrap. Bye. And so he's a long strider. So once he gets unwound, oh man. That's why I still believe had he run through the tape in Beijing in 2008? I still believe that was, that that would've been fa That was, that was, that was might've been nine five. Five or below. Yeah, because you gotta think about it the last 10 meters on Joe, he's doing this, he's pounding his chest sideways.


Yeah. And he still ran sub nine seven. Yeah. That boy got, he ran a time celebrating the last 10 meters that nobody in the history has ever run running through the tape. Tyson Gay and Johann Blake, they got the second fastest times nine, six and nine. Six nine. Yeah. He ran 9, 6 8 and celebrated the last 10 meters. Yeah. Now he special man, there was something to watch too. You got, I mean it's always great to see somebody, see a professional do what they do professionally.


Yeah. I saw Michael Johnson run to 200 meters and run to 400 meters at the Olympic trials because in 19 six the Olympic trials in Atlanta. Yeah. Yeah. So I saw him break the world record and I saw him run sub 44 into 400 meters to see them guys, to see them in their element. Just like to see step for LeBron or Luca to see somebody. What is what, what is that train? What is that training like for, for something like that? Track? Yeah. As hell. Yeah. You don't want no part Of that because they run it. Because they run because it, see the thing with Mic Michael was very unique. Michael. Like he, like, he had it like, okay, my goal is he wanted to have both world records, but he knew he couldn't break 'em at the simultaneous.


Right. So he focused on one, he went and got the two. So he got the 200 record. And so now he set his sight on the 400. Yeah. Because Lee Evans, Lee Evans' dad, Lee Evans senior had the world record. He ran that in Mexico City above altitude in 1968. The record held until Butch Reynolds broke it. He ran 43, I think Butch ran 43, 29, 43, 27. And then Michael broke it at the World Championships in 1999 in Seville at 43 18. Yeah. And then they Wade van Knee, Kurt broke it in the Olympics in 2016 in Rio he ran 43 and three. Yeah. I'm I'm asking because I know both of y'all ran track, right?


I did. No, no, no, no. I ran track. He didn't run no track. I ran track. Okay. Do what? Don't YI Play soccer, You know, soccer's my love man. I ain't run no track. I ran track. Yo, my, my daughter run track. That's why when you asked about what the track training like and explain it, I, If, if hell Joe. Well especially if like, like for 400 meters they run a lot of, they run a lot of 600 meters. Yeah, they do. I mean they run a lot of six, 400 meters. Because see the thing what Michael had is that Michael had 400 meters. So when he dropped out the 200, he had the speed. So, but when he go to 400, he had this turnover so he could, so Micah could run it any kinda way you wanted to.


His style was very unique. You might not ever see that again. A guy that could run sub, I mean he could run sub 44 and rub and rub sub run sub 20, sub 20. He ran 1932 from lane three. Now put him out in there in LA because there, if you go back and look at it now, look at it all the fast times and the 200, they come from lanes five, six or seven if he'd have been out there. Because we used to think middle of the track with the, but best lanes 3, 4, 5, now it's like 5, 6, 7. But that endurance, that work that they put in O Joe is rigorous. Right. Because when I, when I, when we run, we would run, we would run 2110s, Joe, you had 14 seconds to make it and then you get 45 seconds Rest.


Rest. Yep. Yeah. And I, I didn't seem my daughter run them two fifties. Yeah, we run a lot of two hundreds. We run two hundreds. We have, you run two hundreds, we have 32, we like 32 seconds and then we walk back across and then we take off again. So we run 20 of those, we run 15, one fifties. Oh. Then jumbo day was Friday. So we run three, four hundreds. Three three hundreds, three, two hundreds, three, one. And you had to make all the, you had to make the four hundreds in under a minute. So you couldn't, you had to run at least a minute. And then when you do, when you do the 400, you get to walk that one lap.


And when you get back to the, when you get back to the top, you Start, but you can only take, you only you only got four minutes though, Joe. Yeah. So you, you ain't no take no 10 minutes. You had four minutes to recover. That was your recovery time. See I ran the, I ran the 400 in, in high school. That wasn't my event, but I ran it. But so it was cool for me. I could, I could easily, I could easily make a minute. No strain whatsoever. Well let's do it right now. Race me in the 400 man rate race me in the 400. Huh? You wanna base a man with artificial he fund. Hey, I ain't trying, I ain't trying to hear you. Oh excuse. You got an excuse me? You got an excuse race? Me the four. Oh You retired after I stopped running.


I, I ain't trying to hear all that race. Me in the 400. See that. You wanna take advantage of a man that got no real Man, listen man. Hey, handicap or not everybody can get it. What bet? 5,900. What? No, we got 59. Oh. Oh, we got triple. We got like, we got like salary bet on this bench press. Okay, hold on. Why? Why we do, why gotta just be bench press. Let's compete in everything. Let's bench. That's what you, What you wanna do? Ocho I I wanna race, I wanna play paintball, let's do basketball. I wanna do all type, I wanna do all type of stuff. O Hey Ruth. How about O Joe hip you can make, I'll tell y'all what. I'll tell y'all what we can do. We can, we can bet on this ping pong table now joke.


Look, look, look, look a all you claim the Chinese people come over there and train with you up. They what you claim. They don't, they what? Hey, hey, hey. That's, that's a, that's, that's a good bet. That's a good bet for all three. Why I tell y'all love something. Catch rag. You hear me? Yo, don't play with me. I ain't played in a while. I ain't played for a while though. I I know. I play around a lot Joe. You done seen me play tennis. Do not, do not play with me. Ocho ocho I'm telling you. Hey, hey Ocho. You got that? You got that? You got that cushion. You got the paddy paddles? Man, I got the wood paddles, the paddy paddle I got whatever you need. Yeah.


I ain't play, I ain't played, I ain't, I ain't played a whole lot with them. The, the paddy paddles. I, we normally play with the sand. I remember them paddles. Hey see them paddy ones? You got, you put that little spin on that boy. Ain't no return in that. You better better keep that little wooden paddle you got, Bro. That, that ain't what you want though. Yeah it is. Yo. He Is. Hey, Ask about me man. Come on man. Flip it up. Ask about me in overtime man. Ask my homeboy Buck weed. I know Buck. We might see this. Ask boys about me on, ask them boys about me on the ping pong battles. Man. That's what I do, man at Hadley Park and Overtown at Gibson. When it come to ping pong table at Mo Park. That's what I do.


I'm telling you Joe. You don't wanna do that man. Man, you don't OO Joe. I'm gonna be in Miami in a couple weeks, brother. Oh man. I'll let your boy. I come back, listen, I fly to the south of France in the morning. Right. I'm there till the 20th. And when I get back all Yeah. Y'all, y'all, y'all Practicing this. We playing practicing. I'm gonna be that. I'm, I'm gonna come to the practice. I'm gonna take y'all boy. I'm gonna take y'all boys Tennessee. No, no, I, yo, this ain't gonna be that type of party then. No, no, no. We, no, not like that. Just Go eat. We got plenty places we can go eat. Yeah, we got plenty. We got plenty places we go eat now. I know, I know. I just, You know, I just want, it is like a little I got you.


I got you. I got you. Yeah, because You know you, You know y'all come with me. You, we ain't gotta pay. Everything's free. Hey Joe. How we, how we, how we watch this game tomorrow? It's gonna be on CBS. Oh yeah. Yeah. On CBS four o'clock. Man. The Detroit f we play at four o'clock. We play against the triple. Its the team that I played with, You know my entirety time playing here with the big three. So it's, it is going to be a good one, man. Make sure y'all tuned in. Hey Ojo, cam heard your response to his badden criticism and this is how he responded. Let's take a listen to what Ka had to say. Okay. Listen to this and the bud right now. And it just hit my spirit.


Mr. Chad Johnson. Chad Ochocinco, I got a good bet for you. We taking Two shots, man. I got respect for you and your platforms with Nightcap Recap. I know you got respect for me and my platform with fourth to one. How about this? We play a best two out of three Madden match with 85 or less teams. And the Loser gets to sacrifice their platform for a night, for a week. So fourth to one. If you win Nightcap Recap takes over.


If I win Nightcap Recap, let's take it over by fourth one. Oh, I, oh, I see what he mean. Okay, okay, okay. I like that. I like that. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. I like that. Bet I, I like that bet. I don't, I don't like his bet though. That's nice. I I I go for Best outta three though. Teams. Hey listen, I play with the Dolphins. I, I, I, I don't know. You know what you talking about? I, I I play with the Dolphins always have played with the Dolphins. Obviously that's, that's, that's hometown. But Cam, I know you go see this boy. You know I love you boy. You hear me? You know how I feel about you, but I'm gonna whoop your ass. I'm whoop I'm gonna whoop your ass in Madden. You know, and You know how I am when it comes to competing. Hmm. So whatever you wanna do.


I fly to Atlanta. Matter of fact, cam, I'm coming to Fellowship. I want you to hook, I want you to hook the Xbox your PlayStation up at, at your cigar bar in Atlanta at Fellowship. 'cause I'm gonna smoke. I'm gonna smoke you and I'm gonna smoke, smoke a cigar at the same time. Now I let you, You know, I, Matt, Joe, You been to person? No, I ain't been. I ain't never been. They got some good ass food. Oh yeah. Damn. Hell man. Go check them out. Yeah. Hey Joe. Goddamn wings, they like that wings Lamb chops Lamb. They got, they got like tacos. Those brisket tacos. I they no short rib tacos. Yeah, they got some real good food. Yeah, they got, I probably gonna check him out this upcoming week.


Man. You, you smoke Agar Joe? Oh yeah, the grit. Hey grits Joe. You smoke scars so I'm waiting for you to send me mine. I'm waiting for you to send me my cigars, man. You been telling me you gonna send me sick odds for two months. Man. I don't want just smoke no anything. Okay. I got you. I got you. I got you.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks. And nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC.


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now to July 15th. Stock up on all your favorite personal care brands and earn four times points to use on later purchases for discounts on groceries or gas shop in store or online for items like Pantene shampoo, old Spice Total Body deodorant, Tampas Pearl, Venus Razors Head and Shoulders shampoo, Olay Body Wash and Pantene Conditioner and earn four times points. Hurry before these deals are gone, offer ends July 15th. Restrictions apply. Offers may vary. Visit safeway.com for more details.


This is Jenny Garth from idu. Part two. Can't afford Ozempic Try WEGOVY from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the E and start Losing weight this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


Ryan Seacrest here. When you have a busy schedule, it's important to maximize your downtime. One of the best ways to do that is by going to chumba casino.com. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino games like Spin slots, bingo and solitaire that you can play for free for a chance to redeem some serious prizes. So hop on to chumba casino.com now and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No Purchase necessary. VW prohibited by law. 20 conditions apply.


Dak has a two in five postseason record and has never advanced past the divisional round. Despite being the number one seed in 2016. The franchise won his last championship in 1995. Dax says, winning a championship is personal. I want to win a championship. The legacy, whatever comes after I finish playing will take care of itself. I want to win a championship being be damn just for my legacy or if that's the team is for my personal being and my, and for my sanity. The legacy will take care of itself. Hey, them boys. Hey, we gonna be ready this year. Okay. Ocho, We You cowboy fan. I told you that already. Man. Stop acting like that. All right? Yeah. Stop acting.


My bad, my bad, my bad. Hey, hey. I like to hear Dak talk like that man. It lets me know he's preparing the right way and he looking forward to the season man. He looking to shut a lot of you guys up. Yeah. Yeah. I, listen, listen, I don't, I don't never say nothing bad about the Cowboys. I try to support every player as much as possible until I just can't defend you anymore. Listen, I like Jerry. I like the move that Jerry made this season in adding another weapon, You know, alongside C Lamb and bringing George Pickens in. Outside of that, it's, it's all the onus is all on Dac now. You know, there, there are no excuses from an offensive standpoint. You got the weapon re around you to get it done.


Especially to be able to compete in that NFC East. We ready baby. Hey, when, when you got your main guy talking like that, expect good things to come. You hear me? Yeah, Hold on. But he also, he, he also need to take care of sticks too. Jerry. Need to go ahead and pay the man. Stop waiting till the last goddamn minute. Yeah. Next 11. Yeah. Okay. You go ahead and pay the Man. You know, You know Jerry, he like to wait last minute man. He gonna get him taken care. You know, You know, You know how he act. Ocho But ain't ain't no need for that. Ain't no need, ain't no need to keep dragging it out. We, we know you control, we know you run the show. We know you cut the checks. There's no need to drag it out. You don't, it don't have to be a, a circus. You don't be no be no theatrics every time or fireworks.


Just pay the man, let the man focus and, and, and do what he need to do so he can prepare For the season. Yeah. It's it's the mental game he play. It's the mental game. He let it build up, You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I, I Understand. Yeah. But You know he, he, he gonna take care of Michael man for the season. Jump off Michael. Just keep working hard, baby. Keep preparing. 'cause we gotta make some noise this year. Man. I ain't gonna lie. Ocho I almost jumped out the bandwagon. I was, hold on. I almost jumped off. Why? What Happened? Cowboys, man, You frustrated, huh? It be, it be like that some time. Boy. I ain't gonna lie. I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna tell you no lie. Ain't gonna tell you lie. Listen, I'm, I, my, my Bengals man.


We got y'all this year. We play the Bengals this year. I would, I would hope not because this ain't what you want. Huh? I would hope. I would hope not because this ain't what y'all want. We'll put our 55 on y'all. You, you better see. Here you go. Act like You know we got, oh, we got, oh, we got the best receiver in the game over there in Cincinnati. Huh? Yeah. Y'all got, yeah. Y'all got a bad one? Yeah, two of them. Yeah. Act like, You know, Ain't worry about that. Cowboys played the Bengals this young? I don't think so. They y'all beat the Bengals beat 'em last year. Yeah, I know. That's last year. That's old news.


And it ain't, if it ain't happened probably yesterday, I don't really remember it. So that move. Oh, you remember? You remember that ass cut. Y'all too. Y'all Joe. Y'all gotta do something man. Y'all gotta do something about this. Y'all looking. Y'all, y'all looking real bad Joe. We getting it together. You see, you our quarterback. You ain talking. Share some of y'all up, man. Y'all talking about the NC all lived? Yeah. All right. Wait, so what Y'all do about the Eagle? Hey, hold On, hold on. Hey Joe. You do know who he I do, man. I know, I know. Okay. I'm just checking. You know you got a Super Bowl chance. Right. I know, I know all that. O and you, you, you do understand how, how much the commanders have improved.


Right. I understand that O Joe. Yeah. Hey, gotta take it one year at a time, man. Just 'cause you done that last year, that don't mean you're gonna carry over and you're gonna do the exact same thing the next year. Oh, I Can. It's been carried over for y'all, y'all on for the last 30 years, Joe. Come on. Come on. You gotta chill now. Come on now. Come on now. Hey, and the Eagle's looking at Ja Alexander Ocho. What? So they gonna have Keon on one side. Ja Alexander and then Cooper de Gene in the slot. And guess what? There have been some rumblings that Washington's trying to get TJ Watt from Steelers.


What? Oh my God. Well, the E the Eagles want him, but the Washington, Washington and the Eagles. Mm. Hey man, hey Howie, man, I salute you man. I salute you man. That's, that's that, that's ownership. That'd crazy. Yeah. Say give him up though. Who, who? Who He want. I mean, tj, TJ want, he want that what you call him, he want that Miles Garrett. He want that. Why? Why he want that? My chase pen, man. The steel is cheap, man.


They not cheap, but You know, they don't, How old is After like a couple of contracts? They ain't really trying to play nobody but the quarterback. Yeah. How old is TJ now though? Huh? Tj About 31. Yeah, man. But the man, he gave you 11 and a half sacks. You know, You know how, You know how the business work? I do. I absolutely know how. Huh? He's 30. He'll be 31 this year. I hope he don't go to Washington. I bet you do. Well you, Hey the Eagles, the eagles are trapped. I don't, you don't need to go to neither one of them. Hey, if Eagles to the Eagles on that, that's, it's over. Oh man. That's not fair, man.


It's over. That's not fair. Couldn't nobody do nothing with that front fo last year. Now you add TJ Wat over there in, in Philly, like come on man. With with with Carter collapsing the pocket inside and him on the edge. Our plan. No, yeah, that, that, that, that, that. That'd be, Ooh, Now I can, I can see him. I can see him over, over in Washington now. Especially and especially right before, they haven't had to pay Jayden Dans yet. They got the money to do so. They need, they, they need to take care of Terry McLarin first. Then you can think about brother TJ Watt Man tj man, they need to go and pay that man that money go on to give go to give him 36.


Go on to give him $80 million to sign. Yeah. I don't know why you even wanna lose a guy like that because they ocho if you really think about it, they ain't really paying nobody but dk. Who else they paying On? What Cam the quarterback your quarterback ain't making but 10 million could make up to 20 million. Right? He pay up to 20 million. Ain't nobody really making no money but him. That's why it don't make no sense to me. I know, I mean that was a good, I mean he making 28 million. He probably like 10th or 11th on highest paid. Right. And he one, he one of the two or three best outside linebackers when you talk about him and, and Micah.


Yeah. And Miles. Yeah. What Miles got Fortune. What happens? See I look now they got, they got, they got out, they got OLB, they got rush ins. Right. It used to be either you are in or you are an outside backer. Ocho. Now they got Rush in, they got, so Now hold on. Now You know the, the, depending on the definitive definition of your position, it does change the money. You know that, right? Yeah. Okay. Ali says, I got a defensive player of the year. I've led the League of Sacks numerous times. Yes sir. Break me off. That's it. That's it. Simple as that. And if you don't want to, So South Carolina quarterback Le Norris sellers turned down an $8 million NIL to transfer to a di different school.


Leno's father told his son, you're 19, you don't need $8 million. You are in a great spot. Lemme ask you this bun. Do you think NIL is ruining college players? Because some are pro prioritizing the bag over a great situation. I think it's, it's, it's, it's a blessing and a curse, right? You know, like I know a lot of these young, young, young players predominantly from communities of color. This has always been a pathway to success. To, to change the, the, the scope of how your family dynamic exists to change things from check to check the generational wealth and the draw to go and play in the NFL was what drove people for the most part through high school, through college to try to get to that big payoff.


Well, with NIL being in, in inserted now, it's a blessing because kids don't have to wait that long. And You know, like, I know that's a very, it's a very small number that gets into the NFL and even smaller, they get that big deal out the door and gets that money. And so the opportunity to take care of your family and to set those things straight earlier is, is obviously a great thing for people to have. But You know, like I know when some people get that check, they, they stop giving the damn they, they, it really, it really can stop the drive for people because be like, oh man, well I just signed this big check for five years and You know, $180 million and all like that. Yeah. But now you are the face of the organization.


Now you're the biggest cultural export from the city that you play for. There a whole, the dynamic for all this shit starts changing when that money comes. You know what I'm saying? If for college players that potentially might not make it into the NFL and there's a substantial number of those people, even if they get NIL Shannon, we know it's only gonna be four or five people that get real money. There's only, and I think that's something that we don't talk about enough when it comes to NIL and college athlete gameplay is that yeah, there's a lot of money that gets inflicted into these universities and there's a lot of money that's available. But that's gonna go to skill players. You know, that's gonna go to, to, to skill players, quarterback, running back wire receiver.


Absolutely. People that put numbers on the board, that's who or the sack master, right? Something like that, You know, pass rusher. Yep. Guy like that. So if you can get that money, that's fine. Everybody gets money doesn't stop being driven. But if money's the deciding factor, determining factor, then yeah, that could be something that would stop somebody from wanting to go further. And yeah, if you could get the money and you don't have to go to the NFL and and risk your body and risk that pain and you've got a plan to do something with that money, I think it could work for you. I think it works to your benefit. But if you think happening through the portal from school to school is going to increase your value, you've got another thing coming that's not going to work for everybody.


Like if you've got a situation where You know, you, You know there's money waiting for you, that's fine. But, and if you Think you taking that money now and it doesn't help you, that's the other side. Let me be clear about that. If you think a organization wants a, a university wants to pay you to come and play for that school, but you don't think they're contenders and you don't think it's gonna, You know, look good on you, on your record to play for a school that doesn't really have a good chance at winning anything, then I don't see how you get to the next check if that's all you worried about is that check. Right. You know, so it's a lot for families to navigate. I I've seen players whose parents are, You know, they right now, like the high school parents are like, no, my boy finna go to this college.


It don't matter what college you go to, they gonna cut him a check. That like parents are actually saying that, they're saying that right now. So, You know, I wish the brother the best, but I don't, I I think the portal, I think the portal works for probably 10% of the people. I handful, I think 10% of people. The portal actually puts you in, like if you have a skill set that can work almost anywhere, but this, this school will nurture your talent. They will put the right type of talent next to you and you will learn and play and look like you want to, to go to that next level. But I, I just think that's a very small group of people and I think a lot of people are being told that there's a lot of money and let's be real, they can't, a lot of these universities can't even pay you what they said they gonna pay.


We not even talking about that. I mean, how many college students are sitting at on campus with no money because the coach went open and told you, your mama and your grandmother them what they was going give you and then you get there and, and Boosters or somebody else like, no, that money's advocated for the boy we got coming from over here. So it's, it's, it's the NFL version of this topic. Jalen Hurtz was concerned for his teammates after signing the biggest deal in NFL history. Don't screw the team, make sure my team is around. He told his agent, how am I going to keep my team around? How are these guys still going to be paid? Nicole Lin is his agent. I think he's one of the handful of guys that have a, a woman as an agent.


She's a vp. I think she's a really high ranking official at Clutch Sports. The Rich Paul agency that he started, I'm very fortunate enough to meet her and some girlfriends at, at the fight. So I had a great conversation with her. But you see he's like, yeah, the highest paid, what good is the highest paid if we can't win? 'cause I'm trying to win championships and I know the team that I have around me because they're gonna want paydays too. So I'm willing to take a little less and be able to keep X, Y and z and PQ around as opposed to taking all this money and only be able to keep one or two of those guys around. You see as offensive line still intact, they were able to do something with Saquon.


They now, they reup, they resigned J Brown, they resigned Devonte Smith, he understands he is not bigger than it's gonna be good for a while. Yeah's not bigger than the program. You know what I'm saying? He understands that yes, we're successful and I may be the person that everybody focuses on because of the position I play, but anybody that understands this game know I get nowhere if we don't keep this o line intact and correct. The real money is in repetition rep being competitive repetition. Right. Being a contender organization year after year after year after, after year. And the only way to do that is to keep people. And You know, we've seen it, we've seen it done, we've seen, You know, the Patriots that was part of the structure that Tom was like, yo, You know, gimme all that money.


I need this man, I need that guy and I need those people here. You know what I'm saying? Because Jalen understands as the faith of the organization, as the quarterback of the organization, I can get that money. We can go get that money through sponsorship deals and sneaker deals and all of that stuff. Everything. Yep. We not the, the, the face of a Super Bowl award-winning team is not hurting for money. He's not hurting for opportunities for money. He's seen what that check was before that check. But everything and what that check is now post chip. So if we want more money, we got to win more chips. If I want to win, have more money and be a bigger force in this game, I've got to win more championships.


And in order to do that, there are certain pieces that have to read remain. And if and if I gotta take $20 million off of here to get 50 added later down there, let's run with it. I'm with that all day. Yep. That's the only way. And the NFL is is great at that because the NFL knows like, You know what to generate new revenue, we've gotta have new eyeballs. So we got to go, we've got to find like, hey, I've got to be a part of this. So Jalen says, You know what, hey, I win another championship. You people gonna say advertising sponsor gonna say, man, I need a piece of him. I need him to represent my product. I need him to represent my brand. I need to attach my brand to Jalen Hertz.


Absolutely. He I was trying to answer that brother too, because I believe he got married this weekend. He did. Congratulations. I I wish you would've caught early. Would I would've catered them burgers. I I'm right here in Houston. I could have catered them burgers because I think he broke. Absolutely. Absolutely. We are very proud of that brother. Hey found found one early when he didn't have a whole lot. Now he's got a lot. She's locked up with him. I love that. Congratulations. Herz. Darren Waller says he decided to retire after the Giants made him play fullback against the bills. I sit down on the sideline after a drive where we ran it like three times and I'm like, what the bleep am I doing with my life? I'm out here playing fullback, I don't even want to do this ish anymore.


Was that 'cause he was forced in that position? Yep. Now, now. And you're telling me no one else wanted him to play him at his natural position at that point? Or was he just, oh, oh, did that team and that situation frustrated him so much against the direction of the game that he just didn't wanna play anymore? That's what it seems like because it's hard for me to believe as guy, as talented as he was. But I think it, it has more to do with it. He didn't, I don't think at that point in time he really loved the game anymore. So it's easy to step, it's easy to depart something when you don't love it. If you having a good, there are very few times bun, you leave something when, where it's a party, it's a concert, it's an event, it is church.


If you're having a good time, you are more, you're less likely to leave. Now if you bored, you're like, man, whew man, it is here for the birds. If you in church, you throw that head up and bud, You know, you get that. You, you put that dig ass head up. And I, I'm gonna say it like this, Shannon, you ever, you ever got ready to go somewhere that You know what's finna be the turn up and they like, all right, now look, we gonna go in here. We're gonna have one drink, gonna say Hi everybody. Yep. I wanna be outta here by midnight. Right? And then you look at your wife, it's two in the morning, you just order. It ain't happen. Order three more bottle. But You know what bun I've also been in a situation where I got dressed and I'm like, man, why am I going already know it's gonna be some bull jive and take my clothes right on the, I don't go to award shows really anymore.


Me and my wife went to one. We was clean. I went and bought me a Breonna suit, six racks. She had Versa head to clean. He had that free. I'm with it. You heard that back? He said, I'm finna do that. I was like, this award I'm nominated. I I wanna pop out. Come on baby. We go, we finna pop out, man. We had them tight ass shoes on and we ended up in line behind Mary j Blige on the red carpet. Man, we took some big, we left and as, as a couple, we haven't been to an award show yet. I've since like it's just, it is too much. Wow man. It is too much. Yeah, I think. But, but I think the, the crux of this, I think he had kind of fallen outta love with the game of football and, and now I'm looking, but You know how sometimes you can look for a reason not to do something.


Oh You know what? That's it right there. So him playing fullback for three on one rider, You know, we put him over the head. We used to, there was a time, and I wasn't proud of it. There was a time when UGK would tour and when you, when when you are a artist and you tour, you put together what's known as a rider and a rider is everything that you want ready for you when you arrive in the city. It's typically when you ride it typically what you want for your dressing room. But it also extends into the sound equipment, what kind of board we're sending the sound through, what kind of speakers, You know what I'm saying? What does all of this look like? And there was a time where we had an airtight rider and Chad's whole thing was, every now and then we book a show where he knew they weren't gonna have everything on the rider.


And it's a deal breaker. Like if contractually, if I go to your city, you book me for a show and I say I need A through Z on there and you forget h, l and WI can not perform and still get paid. So they was just, yeah, you the time where pimp was like, oh man, I know they ain't gonna have it tonight. I know they not going have this, this and that. They, they don't even know how to find that type of equipment. So I know they're not going have this tonight. And I try to get with the so man and I tell 'em, bro, you gotta spend a little bit more money 'cause you don't spend a little bit more money, bro. You gonna lose a lot of money because you got, you got people that, like you say, they looking for an excuse to go home and, but let me ask you this, like why would a football player, and I'm sure it's got to be several things, why would, if, if that wasn't enough to really be, to make a man want to quit the game, what would it be that would have frustrated Darren Wallet to not want to play?


This is the guy that I used to draft on my fantasy, a football team all the time. The man was bound to do numbers. He was a good player. Is it not being paid properly? Do you feel you're not being paid properly? No, he was played, he was one of the highest players. But bun, think about it, when he was motivated, because he had some off the field issues, he did everything he sacrificed got his life in order to get back into the league because he had a desire to get in the league at that point in time, he no longer had a desire to stay in the league. And like you said, if I'm looking for a re I can, I promise you, if I'm looking for a reason not to go somewhere, not to do something, I can find one very, that's very true.


I, that's very true. I'm 50 and I found 52 now I far for reason to stay on this. So in my drawings and watch tv,


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway, it's oral care month, which means you can earn four times points on all your favorite oral care brands now through July 15th. Shop in store or online for items like Colgate toothpaste, Listerine mouthwash, crest mouthwash or toothpaste, sensodine toothpaste Hello toothpaste or GUM flossers and earn four times points. Points can be redeemed for future discounts on gas or groceries. Offer ends July 15th. Restrictions apply. Offers may vary. Visit safeway.com for more details.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two, can't Afford Ozempic Try WEGOVY from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the E and start Losing weight this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Ryan Reynolds here from Tmobile. With the price of just about everything going up, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. MIT mobile unlimited premium wireless. How to get 30 30 bid to get 30 bid to get 20. 2020 bid. To get 2020 bid. Get 15 15, 15 15, just 15 bucks a month sold. Give it a try at mint Mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of 45 for three month plan equivalent to 15 per month. Required new customer offer for first three months only speed. Slow after 35 gig of network taxes and fees, extra s mobile com.


Noah, Lowes has canceled his race against Tyreek Hill in Times Square due to personal reasons. Cheetah ran ten one five hundred meters last week and trolled lives with a response Response to Noah's Tyreek could never signed after he ran the 60 meters in February. Noah could never, I don't understand. There's no allow situation of protesting so much in public. Do do protest. I don't, I don't get it. I I don't get it. I guess be, You know what, I've never, this got to be some new shit with the internet age. I've never seen Olympic champions like compare themselves to basketball players and, and all of that.


Right. It it is no less prestigious. Let's be very clear because, You know, but we only see you once every four years, bro. Right? It's not the, some of the best basketball players that ever played this game never got a shoot. They never got a shoot. They never, they never picked out as one of the people that we want to put on a pedestal and parade through the press and all of this. As a representative of that, even if you were that, look at the person that's been the biggest, highest level of representation in the space that you're in. Even when they got a shoot, it, it was because of culture more than anything. When you say Bolt got his shoe, it wasn't just because he was the fastest man in the world, right?


It was a cultural thing. He carried his country on his back. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. He was a larger than life personality and he was winning seconds. Right? Like not these tight 0.8 hundreds. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. There was no phone. No, no, not at all. He, he clearly dominated Ari clearly dominated, You know what I'm saying? Those people that get those shoes with, they're not question marks. And if you went around and asked people, who's the fastest man in the world, A lot of 'em will probably still Think you same boat because they're not tied into, of course that they would all, they're gonna, if you act, if you're not, first of all, you not even the face of track field, bro.


No. Like let, let's start No, what you call Sidney, let's start there. Well, Sidney McLaughlin, LeBron, right? So, so if you not even that dude in your space, why are you comparing yourself to people who are certifiably that dude in their space? But bro, calm down bun. When the last time you saw somebody with track spikes at the mall, I ain't seen nobody, I don't see him at the track. I see old people at the track. It's not America's pastime. No, it's not. You wait after It's not a past you in it, you behind nascar, you behind nascar. First of all, it's football and basketball and baseball and NASCAR and women's soccer.


You weigh on down the list, bro. And it's, it's, it's, it's something look more now and you see what they've done is that they have the Olympics every four years and now they're having the world championships. So people are following it a little more. But bro, you, he's gotta stop this hating on basketball players and say, well they won't give me this. I mean, if you gotta go back, really only two guys I can think of that's ever really had a shoe and you really had to follow track and field to know that's Michael Johnson and Usain Bolt. But you're talking about two of the greatest Olympians ever in the history of in track and field. Michael Michael Johnson was an anomaly in track and field. Like it wasn't even a question.


Like that was one of the surest bets in sports for years, bro years. He was, he literally brought that sport to the forefront of America because of how dominant he was. You're not that guy in track and field, bro, like track and field that, I just wanna be clear, no disrespect to track and field athletes. That ain't never been the pre the premadonna in sports. There's never been the preeminent athletes. Look what Jesse Owens had to do. Jesse Owens had to come back. He won, he won three gold medals. He came back and had to run race horses. That this fascination, because there's so many other things. You got baseball, you got football, you got basketball in Jamaica.


What other, I, I'm trying to think. Jamaica, you got track and field track, track and field and I got soccer. That's the big, that's the biggest thing you got in Jamaica. They don't play football, they don't play cricket. They don't do cricket, tennis, cricket. Yeah, that's the big thing. It's cricket. But I'm, but I'm, but I'm, but I'm saying though, but You know, Noah is, is in a, he's in a niche sport. I don't understand. I don't understand why he feels now all of a sudden that a track field star is on the same level. Like it's no disrespect to the athleticism. Right? We, we can't disrespect the athleticism of any Olympic athletes. We always, we all understand what it takes to become who that brother has become.


Yeah. Your beef ain't with athletes, bro. Your beef is with shoe company, with track and field Federation. Nobody's going to invest in a shoe that people aren't going to buy. Why? They, they buy track shoes. One, because track shoes are only meant to be won on court. And the track shoes only makes you faster on the track court. The track, that's the only place it applies. So a basketball player, yes, they will get shoes because people will buy their shoes, put them on and go fucking play basketball. And guess what else they'll do? They'll walk, they'll walk in the street. You see 'em in the mall. They'll go to events because shoes are just not for basketball.


Shoes are just their fashion statement. Now you see guys at, at, at, at, at, at red carpet events. You see guys at the war show. You see guys wearing sneakers. Yeah. That's the, the new thing is tennis and Tucks. Tennis and Tucks. That's the new thing. Yes. But no, he, he, he, yes, but he started this long ago though, bud. I, and I didn't like it. Talking about he's a world champion of what the USA bro. Come on man. I think he trolling this bro. I think, I think he trolling us. I think he trolling this 'cause he can't possibly believe that this is something that people are, that there's a popular opinion that you're right. That, yeah, You know what? He should be this. No, no, I don't believe that. I believe other track people saying, shut up, boy, you finna fuck this up everybody else.


E Exactly. E exactly. And that bro, you're not uss saying, because USS saying Usain was universally loved everywhere in China and Jamaica and America because these winner, he was a winner. And not, like you say, not this photo finish. He was transcendent. This man was, he was transcendent. We're gonna be talking about Usain Bolt. 50 years. We're gonna argue about he, how much faster he could have run in certain races. 'cause he slowed down and, and had he, I I go to my grave believing, had he not celebrated the last 10, 12 meters at Beijing, when he turns sideways and he's pounding his hands, he runs faster than not finally.


Absolutely. I believe that. I don't think he, I don't think he felt the need to run faster in those. He was so happy he was daylights ahead of people and still nobody's ever run faster than he ran and he celebrated the last 10 meters. Crazy, crazy. Noah, go sit down bro. Sit down bro. Good time out, man. You in time out. Yeah, yeah. You, you be, Hey, you effing it up for everybody. Yeah. Sit. Hey, hey Sidney McLaughlin and LeBron said, I don't feel that way. Right? Benjamin say, I don't feel that way because I, I like Qui hall. I like where I'm at this right now. Well, if that's the Hold on. If that's the case, hell, Michael Phelp should have got a shoot. Simone Bowers should get a shoot.


We if we throwing out, shoot. This is true. Because they're more accomplished than you in their sport. They're Olympic champions. Who, they're more accomplished than you. Yes. And Dana, get a shoes. Sydney. Sydney is a two time Olympic champ. She's the world record holder. She's a, what? A two or three time. I mean she, she skipped the last world championship. She's the two or three time world champion. She's the most dominant 400 meter hurdle. She might be one of the most versatile women in track and field history. Noah, you've never, you haven't more than the gold medal in your signature event. And see, and then what Michael did, what really put Michael on the map is when the Olympics was in where Atlanta, he had the gold shoes on.


He doubled the 400 and the 200 it never been done to men. The women, Valerie Briscoe hooks get it in 84. People don't realize she was the first to do it. And did Jose, Jose Marie Ette, she did it. The French one, she doubled up into two in the four. No, bro, you fighting troll. I controlling. Look, I don't want people to say, I think he's phenomenal. I think he's phenomenal. He's, he's, he's great. But bro, just run, get the meat money. The Adidas, what they pay you, you break a record or you win the Diamond leagues or you win the us Do you win the trials? You win the worlds just go, just go all villain at this point just go all villain.


Right? Like, like you got hell. He might show up with a mask, Floyd Mayweather and be the, and be the the bad guy and get, and try to get, and for people to pay to watch you lose that kind of a thing. But he about as well get a mask. I'ma really, Imma come, I'ma come out there with, Imma come out there with cowboy. I ain't gonna have my spikes. So I'm gonna come out there with cow. I'm gonna come out there with cowboy boots and black leather trench coat and I'm gonna have a toy gun on my side. I if you say gonna go villain, just go home. I'm gonna raise our show speed. Then I talk, oh, you wanna raise? I, I don't know, but I, if you wanna raise somebody, you wanna pull my fast is that go, go, go beat speed right now.


But you do realize that if he were to race speed of tyreek, it'll get more views than if he what he was in the, in the world. In the world. That question more people would care. And that's the problem. Like we could, we don't even, because track and field is a really, we care about what the, we care about the Olympics. That's every four years. Just imagine. And you can't, and even when they have Diamond League meets, you can't watch 'em unless you go on the inter, unless you go on your computer and pull 'em up at Flo Track, shout out to Flo Track for trying to advertise, trying to show showcase. But bro, I be, I'm just, I'm just keeping a, he wouldn't even be talking about this man if he wasn't trolling this. Like I think this is all a troll to get his his get his name in a national conversation one way or another.


Some people, some people don't know the difference between famous and infamous Shaq Shannon. They don't know the difference sometimes. Hey, they say any, any news is good news, make it work. Somebody elbow. But in football I can make it look like a football play. And I'm really, I'm really intentionally trying to get you up out of there. That's what I'm saying. I'm saying even like, even when, even from watching when I see like a pow right. A pile. Yeah. I feel like you can cheap shot in that. When you in that little pow right there finger right through the face, man. Right in his eye. You get in, Hey somebody hand down there, you get up step right on his hand all that way. Yeah. Oh yeah. You get him back. Yeah, but see, and and when I, when I was in the league, they don't, you can't do it now.


The blind side block the crack back. Mm. Oh, I'm trying to, to get you up out your helmet. I'm trying to put my hand, I'm trying to put my helmet right here. They ain't playing no more. They bitch, I don't wanna let You know. They won't let you do that. Yeah, they get you. They gonna fight. They'll fight the hell at you. You do that. First of all, they gonna throw a penalty and then you gonna get that FedEx letter in your, in your lock on Wednesday. Absolutely. Oh, they gonna get you Raven signed veteran quarterback Yahir Alexander to a one year deal worth 4 million that could pay up to 6 million after incentives. Alexander reportedly had offers for more money elsewhere per Adam Schefter. But the opportunity to play with his former college teammate, Lamar Jackson was too much to pass up.


Especially after Lamar pushed hard for Alexander to sign with Baltimore early this week. So now they have Jo Alexander, pro bowler, Marlon Humphrey, pro bowler, Nate Wiggins, top first round draft pick. Kyle Hamilton, one of the premier safeties all Pro and Malik Stark. Malachi Is that, is that Malachi? Malachi Stark with the rookie. Hey Raven's going for it this year. Absolutely. They ain't got no choice. Nope. They ain't got no choice. They got zero. Look, they already know they gonna get great contribution from, from Lamar. Yep. And, and and and Derrick Henry. Yep. And add add some of them, them blue collar workers around them, them guys who can defend.


I think that's what they looking for. They re look, they re they gave Derrick Henry, they made him the what? Third, highest paid running back then you sign Rashad Bateman to a long-term deal. Lamar is in line to get an extension. He's gonna get, You know, money. You got Za Flowers who have phenomenal last year made the Pro Bowl, but he got hurt that last game. He ended up missing the playoffs and now defensively you got Quan Smith who's one of the better mental linebackers. You got Marlon Humphrey, who's tremendous the slot jahi if he can stay healthy. That's been his issue the last several years in, in Green Bay. He couldn't stay healthy. Yeah. And, and You know, them trying to push him to get on the field, he is like, I'm not healthy when I'm out there.


I'm looking bad. So I putting bad tape out there. So he is like, we knew it was just gonna, eventually it was going to, it was going to end with them. But I like, I I like this move. They're one of the better teams now from top to bottom offensive defense. We know what they represent offensively with Lamar who's always gonna be in the MVP discussion. Derrick Henry, one of the two best backs in football along top three him Christian McCaffrey and Saquon. Now Lamar Lamar's gonna have to do it. I just need to be Lamar to be Lamar in the postseason that we see in the regular season. That's it. I don't need, I don't need, I don't need him in a cake, but I just need him to be him in the postseason.


Like he is in the regular season and he does such a great job to go back and look at his stats. Great job protecting the football and some for some ungodly reason. And I don't know if he's putting too much, much pressure on himself, but the turnovers happen. Well I think turnovers get your beat, You know, in the postseason things are a little different. You know, teams game play a lot harder. Even even that that defensive front, You know, knowing they gotta get after the, get after the ball a lot more. You know, like in the regular season, You know, he's Lamar's pretty much freely. He playing free. You know, he is out there having fun, running around, throwing touchdowns and the postseason, man, it's a lot different. It's a lot different in the postseason, in in, in basketball and football and You know, for, like you say for whatever reason them turnovers just been killing them in, in the postseason.


So I look forward to them, You know, learning from their mistakes and obviously You know this, I mean it's a great chance for 'em to, You know, finally get 'em one. You know, the thing is, Joe, what I tell people, the thing that people talk that love about football is that you guys, if you play a series sport, football, hockey, I, excuse me, basketball, hockey, baseball, which means best two out of three, three out of five, four outta seven. And if you get to that final game and the series is tied to two or the series is tied, You know, whatever the case may be. Three three. And we need the final game. And the NFL every football game is a game seven. And you dealing with the finality of it, seeing the regular season, okay, hey guys, we gonna flush that one.


We gonna move past that one. X, Y, and Z. It's on to the next. But there is no tomorrow when you play football in the postseason, tomorrow is next year. Yeah. And you go in and you gonna get your stuff. And, and if you don't lose that game, they're gonna give you a, a, a, a, a hefty bag and you're gonna put your stuff in there, you're gonna clean out your locker and you're gonna go talk to the general manager. You're gonna talk to the head coach. You're gonna get a clean bill of health from the trainers how you feel, anything, blah, blah, blah. If you're gonna have surgery, you gonna set you up for the se surgery. It's over. And I think, and and, and, and Lamar is is like I said, it's the, and I think he just puts so much onus on himself. He's like, man, I gotta do it. I gotta do it. And he has the team around him that can do more than that.


Share. You gotta, he gotta be great. Almost every, not almost, but every night, especially in the postseasons, like you said, it's no tomorrow if he just holds on to the, if, if he just like the turnovers, I don't need him to throw for 300. I don't need him rush for a hundred. But even if you throw for 300 and you turn the ball over twice, he's probably gonna get you because especially the farther you go. Because the farther you go in the postseason, the better the teams are. Yeah. And, and you pay double for turnovers in the post-season. That pressure build up. That pressure builds up. 'cause You know it ain't no tomorrow you go out there making the mistakes. Yeah. But looking at this secondary, this secondary is good. I mean it's very comparable to what they got in, what they got in Philly.


In Philly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They gonna be able to compete with the best. Yeah. They gonna be able to compete with the best. It's gonna be a fun one. Dallas Star cornerback Trayvon Digs said that the Cowboys will win the Super Bowl this season. This will be our year, Joe. I show OI show OB Wright boy. I show OB Wright. Is he gonna be able to, he got a injury. Is he gonna be able to come back and play this year? Yeah. What, what injury he got, but he had a injury. He missed time last year Joe. Yeah, from his a CLI think was his a Yeah, he had just came back from a CI think he'd be all, that'd be a what a good year. Some change removed from that.


Yeah, but he aiming for week one. But he had it, it was, it was significant damage though. So he's a, he's say he's aiming for week one. They normally cowboys do a great job of kind of erring on the side of caution man. Before he got that injury. Before he got that first injury. Yeah, he was, he was special face the famine got Joe. He gonna get you now if you don't double move him and you just let him sit back. Oh he gonna get you now. And he, because he went to college as a wide receiver coach, Saban moved him to defensive back. So he got the receiver hand. Yeah. As a dp. Yeah. Look, I sure hope he right. If we, Hey, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on.


He do. Come on now. Hey look, I I I like the confidence he leading with. Okay. You do realize that in order for them to get to the Super Bowl, they gotta go through the Eagles. Right. Detroit, green Bay, San Fran. We just gotta, we just gotta be better them for one, for one game. Y'all ain't been better. No. Why for a lot of games last year. Remember we, we gotta, we trying to move forward. We can't continue it. We look, we can't, we can't continue to bank track and talk. We just gotta, we gotta move forward. Hey, hey and, and, and, and hope for the best. All right. So I I, I like, I like how he think and I love his confidence and hopefully what if Mike do Y'all ain't signed Michael yet?


Y'all ain't gave Mike his money. Come on. You know we gonna get that man his money. He gonna get his money. Why y'all gotta wait till the last minute? Why y'all wait till the last minute? Man? Y You know the prom. Why you knew the prom? You knew you a junior or you a senior and you knew you going, you wanted to go to the prom. Why you wait the week of the prom to go get, try to get a tux. Listen, listen y'all, you gotta go down there with duck tails. You know how, You know how Jerry Jones operates? He gonna pay him. He gonna pay. He ain't gonna have no choice. He gotta pay him. He got no choice. And he want more money than Miles. Garrett ion Ching, ch he said I want I he gonna want 42, 43.


44 per he gonna get it, huh? Yeah, he gonna get it. He just, we just need him to stay in shape. Won't need him to miss no, no camp. We don't need him to miss none of that. I hate when them dudes be missing camp. 'cause 'cause You know coming into camp if you miss camp and then you come back the week we play, man, come on. It, it, it ain't gonna be pretty, You know, it ain't gonna be pretty. We need you out there on that field baby. With the Squire. Yeah, but hopefully Trayvon is healing up good. And he'll be, You know, he's aiming for week one and we'll see how that turns out. New coach, new coach, new defense.


So it's gonna be interesting. Yeah, we, Adrian Peterson got into a scuffle at, with a poker player. Follow a dispute over a hand. We got the video. Oh Snap. That man must have had some cards. He must have been sitting under some cars. He, I am talking about. I guess they they were good friends. They've known friends, they've been friends for a while so, and they just let, they just letting the mate like, oh man, damn man, he wailing on him, man.


What, what, what that's about huh? The volume. Okay.


Have you heard about this last year degree Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sin back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they pped up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's and a purse spring and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Hey There. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through July 15th, stock up on all your favorite personal care brands and earn four times points to use on later purchases for discounts on groceries or gas shop in store or online for items like Pantene shampoo, old Spice Total Body deodorant Tampa packs, Pearl Venus Razors Head and Shoulder shampoo, Olay Body Wash and Pantene conditioner and earn four times points. Hurry before these deals are gone, offer ends July 15th. Restrictions apply. Offers may vary. Visit safeway.com for more details.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Can't Afford Ozempic Try Wegovy from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed. Just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the E and start Losing weight this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's Discretion.


Here at the Almond Joy factory, where tropical vibes are bound, we use soft, fresh tasting, coconut, The crunchiest, almonds, and delicious chocolate candy. Ah, but do You know what our most important ingredient is? Sometimes you feel like a nut, sometimes you Don't Almond something way better than that. Yes, almond Joy is made with almond. This is an iHeart podcast.