
If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple. Card. Apply for Apple. Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners Subject to eligibility. Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, salt Lake City, branch member FDIC. Terms and more at apple card.com.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. you Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The Best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match. Live exclusively on Paramount Plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch to T-Mobile. Keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime. Video breaking tackles this week. The Minnesota Vikings head west to take on the Los Angeles Rams. This is What you love to see. Coverage begins with football's best party on TNF tonight. Not a Prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Vikings and the Rams Thursday only on Prime. Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


The Volume


TD Tudy taking it to the house. Reservations for six. Whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports Book an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to draft King Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new draft. King customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Drafting sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See d dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Ocho, there's a viral video Yeah. Of Dak destroying his Texas mansion so he can build a new one. Dak spoke today on how he doesn't appreciate the coverage around his home renovation project that drew national attention. Yeah, we can't show that. It's fine. I'm, I'm sure else we don't wanna get no copyright. So I Understand. You know you're the quarterback of the Dallas Cowboy. Yeah. And someone is recording and someone's recording anything you, anything that you're doing. It's going viral. It's going viral and that's okay. You know what you going to get? You've gotta understand what comes the territory Dak. You know that. You know that I can't wait to see it. Invite me over. Alright. Bring you a gift. Nice little housewarming gift.


I think the, you know what I think it is Ocho. I think the thing is that when we normally we see people like that man, they got so much money they take the house down, they got man that's a million dollar home that they tearing down to build on top of it. And so it kind of puts back like Yeah Because you know what the first thing happened. Some Ocho, you go buy a car man, you know how many people starving in the world and Ocho buying a $200,000 car. Huh? So if I didn't buy the car save two, how many people in the world would be starving if I didn't buy this car? That what I'm Saying people, Al people always have no money ideals of what you should do with your money.


Okay. I'm like, come on people just because somebody wants to get some enjoyment out of their lives and you are not in a position where you can financially Right. Or go buy a car or go take a vacation or do X, Y, and Z. That don't mean you should try to PPO on somebody else because they can. And that's the first thing. Somebody gave a, somebody gave a million dollars. That's all. He gave a million more than you. You didn't give 10 man if I No you wouldn't. No you wouldn't. Everybody I would talk about if I'd had this, this is what I would do. No you don't. Of course not. But it's easy to say you don't got it.


It is easy to say what you would do where you, where you don't have to be put to the test to show man, if I had that man I would do X, Y and Z Bro. You get your income tax check and it's gone before you even see it. So when you do get a little money, you not doing what you say you going to do. That's what it just, that's what Bo it bothers me with people that ain't got no problem with that. Dax says I like the area that I live in. I like where I am and you know what? I'm gonna tear this down instead of going and try to pay, you know what another three, $4 million just for a plot of land. I could just tear this house down. That was probably 700,000.


I got a big enough plot of land. You gotta understand too. I'll be right on top of this. Is It not as expensive as we may think? We talking about Dallas, we talking about Houston. Do, do you understand how Inexpensive don't care. Care How much bang for your buck you get in Dallas for a house. Houston, how much bang for your buck you get? Yes. For something here in Miami, let's say a house on Star Island, right. UNC one. Them crazy houses gonna start island that cost 28 30 million. Man please, You can get something like that in Dallas or Houston for five. I'm talking about huge Or 10 tops. Yes. I'm like what man? What the Ocho?


You know why it don't bother me? Because what Dak doing, don't none of that come outta my pocket. Yeah. I remember and I'm sure you, you can attest to this when you were younger and didn't have no money and you heard what somebody paid for a car or somebody paid for jeans or a watch, you are like, man I would never do that. And when you got some money you could guess what you was the guy that said you would never be Man. Ain't no way. Hell I pay 200,000 car that go get me for point A to point B. Yep. A watch that tell the time. Yep. That's exactly what I'm gonna do. I don't get, I don't get mad at what people do with their money.


I get mad if somebody squander somebody else's money. That's what I get your money Ocho. Whatever you do with the 50 11 jobs, them checks. If Ocho say, you know what, I'm gonna cash all these checks and I'm gonna burn this money. Right. I'm gonna thank you a damn fool. But that's Ocho money. He made it. I don't get mad at people for doing with their money or choose the, the lifestyle that they live. Right. Ain't got nothing to do with me. I ain't losing no sleep. I don't lose sleep. I don't sleep well anyway. But I don't lose sleep about anything. 'cause guess what? Oh no, I ain't worried. I ain't trying to keep up with the Joneses. 'cause see you trying to keep up with the Joneses.


The Joneses. The Joneses are sleeping good because they know how they gonna pay for that. You done got all this ish and you don't know how to pay for it. Yeah. And you ooh Lord, that mercy And you know, you know's scary That Happened. Now when you think about, especially in this economy or just in general, was that when there are people that are trying to keep up with the Joneses that don't make the Joneses money or don't have the kind revenue coming in like the Joneses, those nope will scare me because they will do anything. Nope. Anything to be able to keep up Yep. And maintain a lifestyle that they know they can't afford. That that, that, that scares me.


Yes. Someone that is willing to do anything when it Comes to women. Yeah, you're absolutely right. Don't you? When it come to women, I mean obviously, you know my my my situation is just saying in general, women that wanna look a certain way knowing you don't make that kind of money. Yeah. Impossible. There's only one way to get it. And you're willing to go to any length to make sure you maintain and be able to portray that lifestyle. That's scary. Huh? How you look, how you look? Hey, I help get it. That's scary boy. How'd you look at Ojo? Hey, I got a couple, I got a couple of dollars on Me.


Yeah, I I know you, I'm with you. I'm just saying that type of stuff scared me know. Just the, just the thought of it. You go, you, you do anything. Shit, shit. You, you, you'll across me just to be able to, you know, man. Oh yeah. I stay, I stay from around that boy. You right. Yeah. Yeah. I just, I'm, that's how I am mojo. I I live within my means. I got what I got, man. That's all you man. You don't wear nothing, man. If I was, yeah. I'm comfortable in this. Y y'all want, y'all want somebody to be dressed with three piece suit. Y'all want somebody to be l lb down.


Lb lb. Who? Bro? I'm at the gas station. You know what, it's, it's okay. LB down Every blue moon, every, it's okay, you know, to treat yourself. It's okay. Yes. But every goddamn time you step outta the house. Yes. You and you and you in high fashion, high looking like the goddamn mannequin. Come on now. Yeah. Yeah. But it's a women like that Ocho, they can't go out the house unless they got no makeup. Got everything to the line. I like. Right. We going to a rest, we going to a restaurant with the most expensive thing on the menu is $45. Yeah. You got a dress like that.


Oh yeah. What you, what you wearing? Oh, you gonna get dressed? You looking at what I'm wearing? That's What, that's all I got for you. Right. And the food gonna taste the same. Sunday was another rough outing for the Cleveland Browns offense. But there won't be any changes made to the quarterback position. Ooh. Kevin Stefanski told reporters money that he won't be benching Deshaun Watson in favor Jam Winston. Following the 2016 loss to the Eagles. I think there were moments obviously that yesterday, I think Deshaun gives us the best chance to win. You're not winning continues to give us the best chance to win.


And we need to play really good offensive football at his position and really at every other position to be What you think, what you, what you thinking. Huh? What you thinking now? Now let's, let's, let's think from a business, a business standpoint, you understand how those owners are thinking and, you know, seven seven, Kevin Stefanski doesn't pull the strings on that puppet. If I'm paying somebody that kind of money he's going to play. Even if things aren't going well, I'm gonna try to get my money's worth until I can't no more. I ain't paying, I'm paying the guy 45 million. I'm paying the other guy five to 7 million. It's like, it doesn't make sense. Why would I pay and put him on the bench making 45 million?


Yeah. So, I mean, yeah. I mean, so what, I mean, why, why would they make a change? Why would they make a change? I mean him saying he, him saying, Deshaun Watson gives us our best chance to win. I I Is he wrong or is he right? What you think? Do you think Jamis Winston gives the Cleveland Browns a better chance to win at the quarterback position? How about this? He gives you your best chance to win, but you're not winning. Okay. So how good of a chance is it? Mm. You think maybe it's the, the flat, the flashes of brilliance that you see. Just the flashes aren't as consistent as it used to be. He says, I think Deshaun gives us the best chance to win, continue to give us the best chance to win. We need to play really good offensive football at his position and really good football at every other position.


Right. To be successful. No crap. Sherlock. Wow. Yeah. That is some that is, that is some great coaching. That is, man, that is some motivational stuff right there. We need the quarterback to play good. Right. And we need to play good at every other position. Well the quarterback has to play the best 'cause he got the ball in his hands all the time. He has the ball in his hands every place. So his decision making and everything he decides to do with the ball impacts and affects everyone else around him. Especially offensively. Hell, even defensively. Because if you make mistakes, then they always on the goddamn field, on the defensive side of the ball.


I agree. Agree. Yeah. He's not playing well. Ocho. Yeah, but you keep saying Ocho. Oh, I didn't, I he give you the me I didn't Say I'm just, I'm just saying. I'm, I was asking your thoughts on what you think. Should they make a change Ocho after three years? Yes sir. I mean it's, I it's, and I get it. Yeah. When you, when you invest that kind of money. Yeah. A lot of times it's just like anything. It's just like with an investment when you put a lot of money into an investment Ocho, it's hard to get off it. Yeah. It's hard to get off it Ocho because you wanna see some kind of dividend. Yeah. You wanna see some type of return on your investment. Yes. Sometimes you gotta cut your losses.


Mm. President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president who has consistently attempted to use Race to Divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those, not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris for president. I'm Julian Delman. I'm Rob Gronkowski. Guess what folks? We're teammates again and we're gonna welcome you guys all to dudes on.


Dudes. I'm a dude. You're a dude. And dudes on Dudes is our brand new show. We're gonna highlight players, peers, guys that we played against, legends from the past. And we're just gonna sit here and talk about 'em and we'll get into the types of dudes. What kind of types of dudes are there? Gros. We got Studs, wizards, we got Freaks or Dudes. Dude, we got Dogs Dog. We'll break down their games. We'll share some insider stories and determine what kind of dude each of these dudes are. Is Randy Moss a stud or a freak? Is Tom Brady a dog or a dude's? Dude, we're Gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, James Brown, BB King, Miriam mc Kiba. I shook up the world. James Brown said, say it loud. And Akia said, I'm black and I'm Proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in the heart of Zaire Africa. Three days of music and then the boxing event. What Was going on in the world at the time made this fight as important that anything else is going on on the planet. My Grandfather Laid on the ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself Out. Welcome to Rumble, the story of a world in transformation, the Sixties. And prior to that you couldn't call a person black.


And how we arrived at this peak moment, I don't have to be what you want me to be, We all came from the continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert.


My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts. Hey everyone, it's Katie Couric while the election is in the home stretch and I'm exhausted, but turns out the end is near right in time for a new season of my podcast. Next question, this podcast is for people like me who need a little perspective and insight.


I'm bringing in some F Ks friends of Katie's to help me out like Ezra Klein, van Jones, Jen Psaki, Ted Herndon. But we're also gonna have some fun, even though these days fun and politics seems like an oxymoron. But we'll do that thanks to some of my friends like Samantha B. Roy Wood Jr. And Charlemagne the God, we're gonna take some viewer questions as well. I mean, isn't that what democracy is all about? Power to the podcast for the people. So whether you're obsessed with the news or just trying to figure out what's going on this season of next question is for you, check out our new season of next question with me, Katie Couric on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


After Kyle McCord threw 354 yards in four touchdowns in week one in a win over Ohio. Syracuse head coach Fran Brown said he planned to send a ball of champagne to Iowa, Ohio State's Ryan Day for a liar. McCord to hit the transfer portal today McCord threw for 381 yards for touchdowns in an upset win over number 23. Georgia Tech McCord Yeah. Is the first a CC quarterback to throw for 350 yards and four scores in consecutive games. Since Kenny Pickett did it in three straight games for Pitt in 2021. McCord was widely cast as the fall guy. Ohio State's inability to beat Michigan last season and the Buckeyes moved to Kansas State Transfer.


Will Howard, they paid good. They pay good money to get Will Howard too. What? You know the numbers. I just wanna know the numbers. Well they say, they say that Ohio State got a $20 million roster. Hold on. You really think they got a $20 million roster. Are people just throwing that number out there? Well the going rate, the going rate for a top quarterback is somewhere, but they say between 801.2 million. That's for a quarterback receivers, receivers going somewhere between four and 800,000. What? Yep. What can you imagine, boy being 1617 getting eight four.


Eight eight. And you showed them numbers. They Exaggerated. I'm only, I'm gonna go, I'ma when I go, when I go, when I went to one of those D one schools Ocho. Yeah. In the projects for one month after that. Granny, get that stuff up outta there. Let's go. We we outta, we outta There ain't no more buying the sausages. Ain't no pot in meat. Ain't no more swaggy ass Corn flakes. Oh we ain't good granny. 800,000 for a receiv. Yeah, I mean it was, it was reported that what you call him got excess of a couple of million dollars. Addison when he left Pit Jordan, You remember he was the Biletnikoff Award winner.


He leaves Pit Pitt and go to U usc. Right. So, you know, it took a number to pry him away. Hey boy, that's that's crazy when you, when when you think about it, 'cause I'm thinking of be thinking about me being that young, getting that kind money. I mean, even though I, I did make it to the league, but I'm just saying as a, as A Yeah, you didn't have that money 17, 18 though. No. No man, I'm just, I'm just, I can't, man, I would still open up cracker jack boxes, man. Hey, excited about the prize. I'm finna get outta there. All I know, all I know is, is granny ain't got nothing to worry about. Yeah. Yeah, most definitely. Did you have Wait, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.


Wait a minute. Did you have that same mindset when you were that young though? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. My, my whole thing Ocho only thing I ever thought about. Get Grant outta that. That's it. But you know, most kids don't think like that when they, that young. You, you know that. Yeah. So you, you, you, you, you'll It's a, it's amazing what going into the bathroom and 10 degrees outside. Okay. It's amazing out there in The woods. Yeah. When it's a hundred degrees and the mosquitoes light you Right. Okay. But see that's different. 'cause circumstance. Yes. Because the circumstance that make you think a different way. If you got some money, You, you gotta take, you know, you gotta take raid out there.


Try to put a cloud around you so the mosquitoes don't come. Tear you up. Tear You up. Yeah. Man, man, they have your fried Ocho. You Oh man. If you from the south, y'all know 'em talking about they call we got them mosquitoes. They call 'em Gala Dipper because they drink a gallon of blood. They hit your, yeah, they get a gallon up out you. Oh, just think about that man. Could you imagine being at age 17, 18, you didn't, you know, going to college, going to Alabama, going to Georgia and being so good that they're willing to pay you seven, 800,000 before you even sniff the NFL Shiloh making four 5 million.


Okay. I I know about that. Yeah. Arch Manning was on the bench. He did three and a half million. He the backup Already. He make a three and a half already. He ain't even touch The field. Yeah, that was last year. A three and a half again this year. Yes. Them top you promising top recruits. No, no. You know, top five guys that's coming outta high school at a position. Oh, they're probably getting somewhere between half a mill and a mill out the top. That's at the minimum. That's men. So all the money is coming from the boosters. Yes. Specific boosters. Yes. So how do they, how do I understand paying, but how do they get the money back? Who, how do they They write it off.


'cause the guy you gotta pay taxes on that money. Okay. They Okay, okay. Oh, ain't no free money. Yeah. I mean, yeah, The first thing you do if you go get that kind of money, you need to go get you an accountant so you don't get yourself jammed up. Right. Right. You don't keep all that 1.5 million. No, no. All these free. Oh, you can come here and eat free and all that stuff. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Hey that they writing that off. You better make sure You're dating a woman. You've been dating her for two or three years and you're thinking about all the money and everything. You've invested in this individual and you just, and you keep on, you keep on trying. You keep on trying to think, just don't seem to be working out and going the way you'd like it to go in the right direction.


But you keep thinking about all the time you spent, all the money you spent and invested in this individual. Are you gonna, are you gonna shelf her? Are you gonna say, you know what I don't want, I don't wanna do this no more. You know why? Lemme tell you why. Because you don't want her to be what you think she can be with somebody else when you've invested all that in her. See that's why a lot of teams don't wanna get off upset player because what if he goes and be somewhere else? What we thought he could be here. Mm. You done bought 5, 10, 15 YSL. Mm Louis Hermes, Gucci bags.


Balenciaga, you done bought a whip. She won't do right. Damn. But what does she do Right over there. But think about this. Don, think about this. What if you cut your losses, forget the bags and everything you bought. 'cause you can get that back, right? And then if she does leave and you get rid of that, think about it not being, that's an expense that is no longer on your, on your tab. It's no longer your, it's no longer on your plate. And that's okay. I get it. That's Okay. I Get it. But a lot of people don't think like that because like you said, you made a heavy investment. It's just like you buy a stock or you buy an investment property.


If you don't want to get off it Ocho because you thought this was the run property, this was gonna be your Netflix, this was gonna be your Google. Mm, this was gonna be your Apple, right? Your Uber, whatever the case may be, that was gonna be your time to hit a lick. And that's the funny thing when it comes to investing that something that we always need to learn and understand. Yeah. Everything we invest in, we not gonna get a return on everything we invest in. We're not going to get a return on. So you have to know when to cut your losses and it's okay because at some point that loss for you becomes somebody else's responsibility because they ain't doing right by you. Nine times outta 10, they ain't gonna do right by the next motherfucker either. So if a certain individual, if a certain player looks a certain way, it ain't like all of a sudden they gonna go to another team and they gonna be magic and all of a sudden turn around and be somebody else that they're not Silver Miller winning four by four, mixed relay, VEON, Norwood, Bryce Deadman, Kaylin Brown and Samir Little Vernon.


I'm gonna start with you, you the elder statesman here. Going into that, did you guys think you could set the world record in qualifying or what was your strategy going in? I obviously you want to qualify, but did you think world record was a possibility? Hundred percent. We already talked about it like before, once we saw the lineup and the talent that we had, we was like, oh yeah, we world record gone because we knew world record was gonna win the race anyway. So we like, we just gonna go out there and do our thing. I mean, from me starting it off, getting it to Shamir, to Bryce, to Kay, kk, I mean, I already knew what record was gone. So, and then we heard y'all comment about, you know, y'all coming out with this ca Yeah, they coming out there, they coming out there.


Easy. Look, look, as soon as he crossed the line, I said, oh yeah, I'm, I'm out. Hit him up right now. Tell that boy my mama today. The guys, did y'all know Bryce that when he got back to his room, he dmd me about UNC run me my Money? Oh Yes, that Man dm, that man DM me. I You Run. Look, I heard y'all was talking about it one time on the show. I was like, man, hold up now. Let me see them boys come through their world. I'm like them boys from around the waist so I know they gonna come through.


And then y'all actually came down. I was like, Danny, y'all some real ones man. I preaching called and Then there's a mutual friend. He hit up a mutual friend and said, man, I'm trying to get an uncle. I don't know if he gonna see my dm. Y'all. Hey, it's all love. Hey y'all good in my hood? Y'all come down in Baton Rouge, I got y'all. Nah man. No guys, we just wanna show you got some love the crew at Nightcap here, myself and Ocho and all of our subscribers and listeners and followers. Man, we wanted to show you guys that we really appreciate. Thank you. What you do, the hard work, the sacrifices, the time away from your family, the times that you don't feel like training, that you go out there and you push yourself. Yeah.


Farther than you ever thought you could. And so for us at Nightcap, it was an e it was easy because to run a world record, that means everybody contributed. Everybody did their part. And we wanted to hear at Nightcap wanted to say thank you. Yeah, not only, not only for your effort, but for what you've given before that race. Because the race is the easy part. The hard part is the training up to the race. And so from us, from the bottom of our heart here at Nightcap, thank each and every one of you. Every Last one of you makes make, make sure y'all get some McDonald's with that money. Now McDonald's Man burner hit me or burner money.


Oh nah, Nah I ain't, I ain't rocking like that man. I'm chilling, I'm chilling, I'm chilling, I'm chilling man. Adrian Peterson, who earned more than a hundred million dollars during his 15 year NFL career, he now faces a debt in excess of 12 million and he's been ordered to turn over his assets to pay for it. According to the USA today, a Houston judge has ordered AP to surrender property to satisfy the debt. Constable have been ordered to seize assets from his home. A court appointed receiver has accused Peterson of playing a shell game in order to avoid payment.


Ocho Ocho man AP bro you made a hundred million and then he borrowed, I think he borrowed like 5 million in like two years to interest. So when you borrow money like that, you gotta play like 20, 25% interest O Joe. So it went from 5 million to like 8 million in three years it might be 50% interest O oh Joe. But then you throw a birthday party and you fly everybody I wish I might have a birthday party and I fly y'all in to come to my party.


Where they do that at? He got camels, he got tigers. Dude thought he was target for real Man. It's, listen, I you, you know how I am the chat know hell, the goddamn world know how I am when it come to finances and I I don't play that. I I I don't play that. Listen it, him being in this situation is very unfortunate. IIII wish him well and, and hoping everything turns out in his favor. I'm not sure how this works. Aint Nigga better turn out in his favor. He owed 12 million. I mean In for the looks of it. He ain't got it. Yeah, I hope so.


I I hope he does. I hope he has. I hope he has him. How you take out a loan to throw yourself a birthday party? You better get, Hey, you better go down there and get a a about five or six dozen crabs and some shrimp and say, here you go. Who takes out a loan to throw themselves a birthday party? Unless you are what? Trying to impress the party. Go. I don't know. That's crazy man. A hundred damn man Ocho, how you, how Ocho you throw a birthday party and you bring in what he fly in 300 pe 300 guests.


He flew in 300 guests. I don't know, 300 people. If I'm 56, I don't know 300 people and I damn sure don't know enough of people to in to fly their ass to a my event. Right. Man, you think I you think I know 300 buckets or 300 burns? Hell no. That's messed, that's messed up man. He flew in 320 people Ocho check this out. Ocho. Yeah, But guess how he flew him? First class? First class. Oh, oh.


Is is there, is there any way, oh Kenny, you just file bankruptcy. Hey you the, so no, if you ain't got no money, it's hard to file bankruptcy. You ain't got no money because guess what? Your credit gonna be shot. So what you gonna put up? Right? What you gonna put up col for collateral? Damn. I don't Damn. I mean like the more, the more people used say Hey can we get this? The more women used to say what am gonna get it with as and mouth, we ain't got no money. What I gonna pay with it for what I'm gonna pay with it? What am what what am I going to pay to get what you're asking for? Right? So if he doesn't have, the thing is, the best thing to have if you don't have money is to have great credit.


You can have f up credit if you got money. You see how that works? Yeah. Boy. And enough people don't care. Hey, and think about it. Anytime you try to buy something, what they gonna do? They gonna pull them Credit scores, Credit scores, Equifax, Imperion, what's the at at that Experian. So at at that, at this point in general, you have to Fred, they got three of them. Now some might be a little higher than the other, but I feel very good. Mine all start with an eight. I ain't gonna tell you what else they got. You know what comes after that. But I feel very comfortable. All three of mine start with an eight. Right. But, okay, but I, but I I, I got a little bit of money.


I ain't saying I'm the richest man in the world, but I got great credit and I do have a little cash, but I, I'm, I'm not, I'm not doing anything to impress anybody. I'm not, not buying no, no $10 million home. I'm not buying no no million dollar car. I'm not buying, flying people in. Oh, old y'all. I used to have a party in, in in Glenville. My, hey, y'all could drive in. Hey you welcome to come. You ain't gotta bring nothing. I got all the alcohol. I got a hundred pound of crab leg, a hundred pound of shrimp. We got like a hundred, you know, 200 hot dogs, 200 hamburgers. All the look, hey have at it.


But to get there the best way you can, preferably, I prefer you to walk 'cause you gonna be drunk by the time you leave. I don't want nobody to have no accident. Knock on wood. Thank God we watch it over. Nobody got no DUI nobody got harmed. Right? But I ain't pressing nobody man, man. Who y'all know I got money. I'm playing in the NFL. I'm the highest paid X, Y, and Z, but I'm not fitting to impress nobody. Yeah, A AEM birthday party, blue jeans, t-shirt, shorts, flip-flops, sand, whatever. That's the theme. True. I don't even celebrate my birthday. I just say, I say save me a little prayer. I'm glad to see, glad to see another year. Yes.


Gimme A give me a little Starbucks, give me a cigar man and kick my feet up. That's just another, That's how I just feel. I just feel bad Ocho that people come in and, I mean some people will never see, some people will never see a million dollars in their lifetime. And I get it when they say, when you say he made over a hundred million, you figure Uncle Sam, I'm gonna take 50% of that. So that's 50 million. Let's just say Ocho, I throw 25 million out. I just throw two and a half, five. You still gotta have 25 left. Even, even if, even after your agent take his cut back, then they take you what, three, 4%? I don't know, five. If they paying for everything. Nah. And people like, oh kid, kids don't. Listen, here's the thing.


Yes, my grand used to say, my grandfather told my brother and I, we were young. He say, the worst kind of poor you can be is child poor. Don't let that go over y'all head. People. That's an 18 year expense that's damn near as long as your mortgage. Now just imagine your mortgage, you got one because there ain't a, there ain't, there ain't very many people that have seven mortgages. So you start having 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 kids. Okay? And they're not by one. Guess what, Ocho, that's 18 years.


I know. I done done the math. Oh shit. I, I done done it too plenty of times. Okay, So you know what that mean? That's why, that's why ain't went on no vacation. Hell nah, my vacation was right there. That, that's, that was my vacation right there.


President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris, we have someone who wants to be president who has consistently attempted to use Race to Divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those, not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris for president.


I'm Julian Edelman, I'm Rob Gronkowski. Guess what folks? We're teammates again and we're gonna welcome you guys all to dudes on. Dudes. I'm a dude, you're a dude. And dudes on Dudes is our brand new show. We're gonna highlight players, peers, guys that we played against, legends from the past. And we're just gonna sit here and talk about 'em and we'll get into the types of dudes. What kind of types of dudes are there? Drunks. We got Studs, wizards, we got Freaks or dudes. Dude, we got Dogs dog. We'll break down their games. We'll share some insider stories and determine what kind of dude each of these dudes are. Is Randy Moss a stud or a freak? Is Tom Brady a dog or a dude's? Dude, we're Gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, James Brown, BB King, Miriam Maba. I Shook up the World. James Brown said, say it loud. And Akia said, I'm black and I'm proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in the heart of Zaire Africa. Three Days of music and then the boxing event. What was going on in the world at the time made this fight as important that anything else is going on on the planet. My Grandfather laid on the ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself out. Welcome to Rumble, the story of a world in transformation, the Sixties. And prior to that you couldn't call a person black. And how we arrived at this peak moment, I Don't have to be what you want me to be, We all came from the continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life, the referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey everyone, it's Katie Couric. Well, the election is in the home stretch and I'm exhausted, but turns out the end is near right in time for a new season of my podcast. Next question, this podcast is for people like me who need a little perspective and insight. I'm bringing in some foks friends of Katie's to help me out like Ezra Klein, van Jones, Jen Psaki, Ted Herndon. But we're also gonna have some fun, even though these days fun and politics seems like an oxymoron. But we'll do that thanks to some of my friends like Samantha B. Roy Wood Jr. And Charlemagne the God, we're gonna take some viewer questions as well. I mean, isn't that what democracy is all about? Power to the podcast for the people. So whether you're obsessed with the news or just trying to figure out what's going on this season of next question is for you, check out our new season of next question with me Katie Couric on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Dixon Mayas, unc we grew the way. UNC grew up like good times, but in the deep south. Yes. Yes. I mean, yes. Spam I made that Viola sausages, bologna ate all that that I'm talking about the two Ocho. I ain't talking about we ain't getting no Oscar. Right. That Oscar Maya, the the, the light the slices. Nah, you had to get that big, that big tube right with that big thick ass red casing. Dang fry that bag up. Hey you gotta put the hole because you know that bubble gonna come up that Ocho stick that fork in there and make that bubble pop that bubble fry that thing.


Put that thing for light bread. That was back then Ocho. I was eating mayonnaise. I don't eat no mayonnaise now. Oh no, no. Listen, You eat mayonnaise. I can tell you man, I can tell you eat Manna served sandwiches. I warm, I warm, I warm the syrup and, and and dip and dip the syrup. Dip the bread in the we. IUI get Wonder Bread. You got Wonder Bread. Man can't fill no damn Wonder Bread. That was high. Didn't I just tell you the bread was three long four bread Is like it's it is real soft and, and buttery like Yeah, yeah. You know it was what? But if you bought a loaf for that, you guess what? You gonna be wondering when you gonna get some more bread because that'll be it.


But you couldn't buy no bread for no. Yeah that bread was like a dollar, a dollar 19 for one low party wasn't gonna have, didn't I just tell you bread was three lows for a dollar And you think gonna let us splurge, let us waste one loaf of bread for a dollar 19 and we can get three loads for May. Please. Yeah. I wonder Whether you gonna get some more bread because that's what you'd have been wondering. Yeah, it was nice. The nice packaging Captain John Durst, you know Captain John Durst coming that brown Dr. Brown rapping, you ever seen Captain John dur meat bread? I know y'all know in the chat. Y'all know what, what I'm talking about?


No, I hate, I don't like, no we Bread it wheat bread. Yeah, but it's not it's but it's like you said buttery. Yeah. You don't like we bread? Nah, I ain't know what kind of bread I, we called it, we called it white bread. A lightning bread. I told you the story Ocho. I was like, I asked the lady, I say I was in Colorado said man where's the, where's the light bread? She said, excuse me sir. I said Light bread, you mean white bread? No lightning bread. She's like, sir, this is the only bread that we have. I said, well this is what I was talking about. I don't know what the hell you thought I was saying. It's light bread. Right, right, right. I you know I got bad now because you looking at me like I don't know what I'm talking about.


But in the south Light bread. Yeah We called it, we called it lightning bread. Ain't nobody called it no white bread. I ain't know what the hell no White bread was light bread. I know. I ain't the only one Y'all try to make it seem like I'm the only one that that called it light bread. I know y'all parents and grandparents called it Light bread too. Master Tam said I'll never forget that I couldn't get a loan because my address was weird and I couldn't be directly linked to my bank account even though I have a 7 80, 7 80 credit score. I was so mad. Never again. Good credit score. It's serious man.


Credit Boy, I don't understand how important credit is because anytime, listen, just the hypotheticals they always do on Twitter. Anytime I see people say a certain amount of money or credit, people always pick the money. They always, they always pick the money Credit because they'll make you put all that, they'll make you put all that cash down, get it. They always pick the money And see I could, I go get damn near, near anything with no money, with no money down. Yeah. I I with Good credit. Yeah. People understand that. Absolutely. Maybe they just have a fascination with just having the money instead, instead not knowing you can damn near get anything if your credit's on point. I think that's why it's so difficult And they, they require you to have a certain level of discipline consistently showing that you willingly, willingly able and can pay things on time.


Yeah, but you know what, I hate Ocho when they send you like, this is not a bill. Yeah, it is. You said it took me. Yeah, it is a bill. I'm gonna have to pay it. I can pay it now or I can pay it at the end. Pay it. Yeah, that's, But either way I gotta pay it. Yeah. When that a, that Verizon bill hit. Yeah, your Verizon bill will be due in two weeks. You pay it Right. Pay now. Pay that pay. I pay it right then. Yeah. Hey, thank you because I Hey, as soon, hey, as soon as they show up on my thing, I hit Shelly a Verizon due.


Thank you for your payment. Hey no, ain't nothing. It ain't nothing. I ain't got a no Bill ain. I'm talking about not even three days, not even three days old. The minute it hit, It's gone. Yeah. I I ain't never been in that situation again. Ocho. It's, that's a bad situation to be in. I remember when I, when I first bought my Rolex Ocho. Yeah. I had a a, a stainless steel one. My brother bought me for graduation. Yes sir. But I wanted a, a presidential and I walked into the store and I never forget dude name Bob. And I said, man, I want, can I look at that watch? He took it out from behind the counter, set it down on the thing. Said go ahead, try it on.


And I looked at him because all the, the other places, they never did that. Oh, just gave it to you and let you try it on? He just, He just gave it, he said it. He had the little black thing, you know they set it on the thing. They don't set it on, on the glass. He said on that little black thing. He said, okay, go ahead. Oh, he knew who he was. That's why He had no idea who he was. Because I was, I was like a, a second year player. He had no idea who I was. Okay, okay, okay. And he's he looked at me and I'm looking at him. Yeah. He looked at me, I'm looking at him Like, I was like, you trust me. He said, yeah. He said you wouldn't, you wouldn't if if, if you wouldn't have came. He says, I'm, I'm just judging by your mannerisms. Yes sir.


It never even crossed my mind that you was gonna try to take off running. Mm, I bought it on the spot. For real. I did. How much it was, how much it was, how much it was Back then. I think it was about 15 Five. That's it. That's it. I bet. What'd they cost now? I bet it's about 39. I yeah, I'm I'm sure that was, that was 33 years ago. So Yeah, I'm sure the price of a Rolex Has Gone up substantially from that point on. But it, but it's nice to know that, you know, Hey I I'm a black kid. I'm a, I'm a black man in a high-end, you know, store.


Yeah, yeah. You know, so I mean I I 'cause I've had people, you know, not wanna show you anything. I've had people walk by Wait, that happen to you before? Yeah, sure. Women clutch their purse. I'm like little, you know lady, I buy you Ocho. Yes Sir. You Couldn't go to Dubai, you couldn't go overseas. Right. Spirit don't go that far. Who don't Greyhound or the airwaves don't travel that far. Oh, the mega bus go there. You been on the mega bus before? Yeah, but that ain't spirit. I know. Mega bus cheat though. No, it ain't cheap. You should Do that. I know you don't like road trip. Take the mega bust somewhere. Ain't nothing cheap. Ain't nothing cheap about going overseas.


Nah, I'd be listening depending on how early you buy it. Now. Even if you buy, I mean you go a United Emirates, it's still gonna be 30, $40,000. How much? 30, 40,000. Nah, uncle, listen, I, well I'm flying back of The plane. Look, look, look up a ticket and I ain't sitting up Emirates. Hey, chat, chat. How much, how much a ticket? Just, just randomly just gimme the price of a ticket. Not business. Just regular. A regular seat. How much, how much it is? I know the chat ain't laughing about the mega bust. Don't act like y'all ain't been on the mega bust before y'all so y'all too rich for me.


No man, you, you man, you take Spirit. They have to turn around and come back. They run outta gas. You don't have to turn around. We just laying and get some gas. No on United Emirates. What's first class? See why you gotta go first Flag? Why you can't fly Coach? See 1500 Don't. That ain't bad. Dwayne Jackson in the chat. He just said it's 1500. That ain't bad. 1600 to Dubai. Oh no I ain't, I See $24,000. First class is 24,000. You don't told need first class. If you sitting there coach, you get, you get there at the same time. Why spend, why spend 40,000, you spend 1500, You gonna be back there funky.


I'm gonna take me a shower. Take me a couple of showers. I'm gonna give you some good old hot food. Hey, I can get some hot food before we get on the plane. I can take a shot before I leave the house. I'm, I'm paying $1,500 for my seat and it's already roomy. The the seats is room me already on Emir, on Emirates Airlines. And guess what? What? I'm gonna become a member of my high club. You can't do that. Hey, I don't, I don't need to be a member of the Mile High Club when I can get in before we even board fine. No, that, that, no that ain't the same. They ain't the same. It's the same because what's gonna happen List that's like I score a touchdown in practice is the same as scoring one in the game Is it's different. You gonna be on the no-fly list when you get caught. Nah. Gonna get caught. We just gonna be, you know, you go on that side, just be on the side.


Just lay in there, have a blanket over and everything you see, you don't even know how to do it don't you? Nah, nah. Uhuh Ooh, ooh, ooh. Bitch, go tear it up bitch. Go tear it up. Hey, you scared Ocho, you scared The Volume


President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris, we Have someone who wants to be president who has consistently attempted to use Race to divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those, not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris for president


At your job, do you ever have to deal with a nose roller? How about a snub pulley? Well, if you're installing a new conveyor belt system, dealing with the different components can sound like you're speaking a foreign language. Luckily, you've got a team ready to help. Graingers Technical product specialists are fluent in maintenance, repair and operations. So whenever you want to talk shop, just reach out. Call click Grainger dot com or just stop by Grainger for the ones who get it done.


I'm Julian Edelman. I'm Rob Gronkowski And we are super excited to tell you about our new show Dudes On Dudes. We're Spilling all the behind scenes stories, crazy details, and honestly just having a blast talking football. Every week we're discussing our favorite players of all times, from legends to our buddies to current stars. We're Finally answering the age old question. What kind of dudes are these dudes? We're gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey there, it's Michael Lewis. Arthur going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts. Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974, George Foreman Was champion of the world. Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story behind the Rumble in the Jungles, like a Hollywood movie, but That is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam Maba, all The biggest Slack artists that On the planet together in Africa. It was a big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali, foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.