
Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL Media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And. we are coming along for the ride. Woo hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And Then there's me, Devon Rogers And. We are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Renee Stubbs, and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. Tune into my podcast each week to hear me and my friends in the community break down the latest matches, including the US Open Plus hear from some of the biggest names in the sport about what the future holds. It's about belief, and once you break through that, then you know you can win a Grand Slam. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete, or how the best in the sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League One Volleyball's podcast, serving pancakes. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about the sport itself and what it takes to stand on the podium. I'll be joined by top athletes and figureheads in sports as we dive deep into match play mindset and memories from years past. And you can guarantee that pancakes will be on the menu. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday, and for 30 minutes, I dive into three stories in Major League Baseball that I want to talk about, or I do a stat deep dive. Sometimes I create my own stats. It gets weird. It's now your go-to podcast for staying up to date and in the weeds with Major League Baseball. No topic is off limits or too small. Bad umpires, great pitcher, catcher, duos, new rules, old rules. Three things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


NFL Week one is here and the new season mean new ways to get in on the action. At Draftking Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL fans have spoken. We wanna back touchdowns. Draftking hurt us and is DraftKings Sports Book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to do a touchdown dance of your own new Draftking customers bet $5 to get 250 in bonus bets instantly. Plus one month of NFL plus premium on us. DraftKings Sports book app use Coach Shannon. That's Coach Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks and get one month of NFL plus premium on us. Offer ends nine 19 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Man, you know ocho, a lot of times they say you gotta laugh to keep from crying. Oh yeah, I done go. I I've gone through, I've gone through the emotions. I've gone through anger, I've gone through disappointment. I've gone through the crying phase. I ain't got, I I I ain't got no, I ain't got no more anger. Yeah, I don't have any more disappointment. I ain't got no more tears to left. I ain't got no a I ain't got no got a, I ain't got no more tears left, bro. All right, you good? You good? I did it. You apologize for it. You move on. We gonna be out here. Listen, that's, that's it. That's all I got. That's all I got. O Joe. That's all I got. You're Gonna be all right now we, we gonna, we gonna be all right. Oh, yeah. Yeah, because that's, that's, that's how, that's, that's how it was supposed to be when we make all mistake.


I didn't, I didn't duck and dodge. I didn't say that wasn't me. I didn't say, I didn't say, oh, somebody did that without my permission. Nah, I looked down the camera. That was me. Honest mistake. Honest mistake. I, I hope, I mean, maybe somebody would, maybe somebody would be willing to go to make sure that a rumor that's being spread about them or something being said about them, maybe there are people out there that would forego a hundred, $200 million lose six and seven figure sponsors in advertising deals. Maybe there are some people out there that would do that. I just ain't one of them people. I'm, I'm not, because you know what I noticed, don't you? Yeah. If you really think about it, some in, in a stadium with 80,000 people, they might be 5,000 people.


80,000 people cheer. So 75,000 people cheer, 5,000 people boo. You could hear them boos, can't You? Yeah. Every time. Every time. Every time. That's how Fact Works. The boo sound The boo the boo sound like surround sound Now funny how that work. Yeah, it isn't. It isn't it. So, but I think the thing is, I think the thing that, that, that really gave me the assurances is that how many people say unc, we rock with you. You human. You human, you made a mistake. Yeah. It happened to, to hear people in my comments, to see people on Nightcap to see to, to to to, on my Twitter and to all the calls I've gotten calls from people.


You wouldn't think black and white. Not just the black. I'm talking about black and white. That you wouldn't even think that. Hey, I know you, we know you. That man, that meant so, that meant so much to me because people that know me, they know me. People that don't, they speculate and that's okay. That's what you're supposed to do. You're supposed to speculate, but they know, Oh yeah. Hey, y'all beat us. I ain't going nowhere. Y'all beat us. If y'all what y'all say y'all are, knock on you and I off the top spot. Come get Club Shade.


That's all y'all got do. That Ain't happening. Come down. That ain't happening Captain. Come Get us. I love everybody. I love everybody in the work that they do. Ain't nothing happening up there. Come get us. We go, we, Hey Ocho, we on, I go on the road, I take, Hey, I'm all over the place. I just don't have, I don't do no video. I don't do no video interviews. Well, we not gonna be able to come to X place. Hey, ill come get you. Who that? Oh, that's my, that's my nephew right there. Y'all see him on the screen? That's my nephew. That's the one and the only a TL fighter that be number one. Okay. Cam, Newton. Cam, cam, cam, cam, cam.


How we doing Cam? What's up baby? How we thinking? I'm doing better today, nephew. I'm doing better today than I was yesterday. Alright. I done seen Kai shout out to Kai. I done seen Godfrey shout out to Godfrey. I done seen Lavelle Crawford. Shout out to Lavelle Crawford and I'm gonna just keep it a but first off, how you doing? Because I need to know I'm better today than I was yesterday and tomorrow will be better than today. Okay? I'm gonna tell you how it came across my screen. The request was simply, do you want to engage in The Roast of Shannon Sharpe, RSVP?


And you did it immediately. My next question was what's off limits? Nothing. So I want to ask you, Shannon, yes, uncle Shannon? Yes. What's off limits? Nothing. Ain't nothing off limits, man, that spider bit me. You remember that spider? That a bazillion spider? Yes, sir. He bit me. Say less. Okay. In this handbook right here, what you probably didn't know, I had somebody on your team insert a Bible on your set.


Mm. Do you know where that Bible is? Hold on, let, let me get my Bible too. Hold on, hold on. Let me get my Bible. Hold on. You know, hey, you know the pastor always get a congregation in the church time to get the Bible out the pew. Yes, sir. Hold on. A a And and then they say, when you got that, say amen. Amen. Hold hold. Lemme get my Bible. Hold on, Boy. Y'all, y'all, y'all the devil in here. I got, I got two Benedict Arnold on my team. Oh, we about to have fun. Chad. Oh, we about to have, oh, let me get up and stretch. Lemme stretch because hey, I just want you to know Shannon, I'm speaking for the people.


I'm representing the people as the Oh, that's what you representing? Yes, sir. Hey. Yes sir. I got my So do you, I got my, so do you have the Bible? I got my, I got my Bible. Amen. Okay. Amen. I just wanna make sure that the precursor before I go into this situation is once again, is anything off limits. Wait, Green light. Green light. Take off. Hold on. What? Say that? What chapter? What chapter In verse we turn to No chapter. Just raise your Bible up so we can know what version it is. Okay. Say that we got the King James version. Oh, I, I I got, I got a New Testament Because I gotta put you under oath.


That's what that, that's, you can close the Bible. Okay. You wanna put my right, I got my right hand, right hand up? Yep. And put your left hand on the Bible. Got it. All right. Now, okay. I, I take your, Take your time. Take your time, pastor. Take your time. God use me. Use me. Okay, here we go. Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, so help you God? I do. You heard that Peggy? I heard them boo.


You heard that Peggy? I heard them boo. Okay. What would you like to be referred to? And at this particular point in time, this is a, a mitigation. Huh? A mitigation for the people. Okay. And I just wanna ask you a few questions that I'm no longer Cam Newton, as you know, I'm a okay lawyer Boogie if you if Okay. Lawyer Boogie. Okay. Okay. All right. And what would you like to be referred to? Shannon Sharp. It, it, I got numerous names. I got Shannon Sharp. I could call you Shannon. I could call you Uncle Shannon.


I could call you Uncle Shea. Shea Kirk Diggler, miss Sales lover or Papa. And I'm not calling you Papa. So which one would you would like for me to, to call you? You know, let's, let's go with Che. Okay. Say less unc. I'm going to go through a, a list of questions and I'm representing the people as they say. Okay. And I'm, these questions will range from a different variety of different spectrums and different, you know, avenues, so to speak.


Okay? Okay. Unc? Yes. Where are you from? I was originally born in Chicago, Illinois. And on 6 26 19 68 in Cook County Hospital. I moved to Georgia for Good in 1970. I resided in Glenville, Georgia from 1970 until 1992. And then, well, no, from, I've been in Atlanta. I've been in Georgia from 70 until 2016. Okay. Is it true, unc, that you did attend Savannah State University?


That is absolutely true. I, I attended the College by the Sea. Their mascot is the Tigers, correct? That is correct. His tour, while there was a lot of groaning and moaning and all that. Needless to say, my next question, sir, is, was the person that we saw the world saw you with, was that your only partner that you've been with? Who saw me? Who saw me with what partner? Actively, actively with the girl that you saw me with? No, I didn't see anything.


Right. I'm not insinuating anything. I'm just asking you, is that the only one that's trying to be the one? Hmm. Is that the only one? I I, I would like to think there's, there's people that want to be in her spot, but they're not the reason why I asked that question on. And I, and, and, and I must admonish you to remind you that I am speaking solely for the people. People. Okay. Did this hurt your chances or help your chances in regards to the other possible or the other options that we're trying to be the one that's gonna, I mean, that would be a question cam that you would really have to ask them.


I don't know. I was, I was more concerned about job sponsors, advertisers and, and, and potential earning power down the road. That was my first and foremost. Because if I have those, if I have those things, you know Yes sir. I think women will come. Yes, sir. Understood. Another question that I have for you, unc, is, was this the first time you and Jane Doe Michelle in cahoots? Or was this the first time y'all were knocking boots? The people wanna know.


That's what the people wanna know. Yes, sir. Yes. Okay. Next question would be, what went through your head first? Oh no, I went live or I hope I put out good film. I, well, once I got the call that I wa I was on, I was on IG live, I was like, I'm on IG Live doing what? Hmm. And they said, one of my market, my a one of my agents said, it sounds like you were having sex. Yes, sir. And my heart san Why, why I, I said, wow.


Or should I say, yeah, poor Michelle. No, no. I, I wish I could have the anonymity that Michelle have and just name only. Oh. But unfortunately people know who Shannon is and they know Shannon Sharp's face are are you familiar how litigation works? I, I do. I have absolutely understand how litigation works. Okay. Well, in litigation we have certain excerpts, And, we have examples of how certain things to bring to the members of the council. And we're gonna refer to this as Exhibit A. Okay. Okay. We also got another guest joining. It's a party now we got the Snoop Snoop, DO double G.


Yes, sir. Has joined the chat. Killer cam. What's that? What's good with you? I, I just asked for your patience. Dizzle, you're, you're talking to Lawyer Bug right now. And we are in litigation with UNC as he refers to himself. I, I, I second that motion. I will listen to the case that say last order, order. Judge, can we get order in the court? Please? Order. Okay. At the task at hand on exhibit A, it shows that in reference that some type of substance is in close proximity, where you were not implying that you took anything or you know, had any type of performance enhancing substance by any chance.


But my question is, were you off what you have said in many interviews, were you off that Al or I you had your own liquor. Were you off that Theier? No, actually I was on these sparks. These sparks. Well, yeah. Might I add as a concerned citizen for just human whatever that may be that I'm almost a hundred percent sure that no pills are to be consumed with any alcoholic beverage of any kind.


But I also read where it said that in the case that if it is consumed where someone were to take any type of performance enhancing substance like La Porter, the side effects are imminent and can cause a sense of moaning, groaning, and even extreme cases. We've seen a person grunting. So can you confirm or accept the fact to tell the court what this situation was at hand? All those side effects were exhibited.


Poor Michelle. Okay. Moving along. And I think one of the main thing is we really want to know who Michelle is. And I call this segment, will the Real Michelle please stand up? Because I think that's something that a lot of us want to know respectfully. And I started to do my own investigation, unc, I started to do my own digging and I started to think to myself, I'm like, who and what Michelle, could it be? First off I was like, hold up. Could it be Michelle Rodriguez? You may ask yourself, who's Michelle Rodriguez?


No, not in the Fast and Furious. Absolutely not The Fierce. I don't know how fast it was, but from the sounds of things it was definitely furious. Absolutely. Oh yeah. So I'm saying to myself, I'm like, damn. Nah, it wasn't that. 'cause that's not your Steves, you know, knowing that I know how you get down. You like them sisters or you like them oatmeal thick co oatmeal, you know what I'm saying? Situation. Yeah. And I'm like, hold on, another Michelle is Michelle Obama. I was like, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. Hell no. Not Michelle Obama, but she did have a campaign for America that let's move. I was like, nah, it was a lot of moving going on. I don't do married women. No, no.


Nope, nope. Hell no. That can't be Michelle Obama. Shout out to my dog Barack. Then my third option was Michelle Williams. I was like, hold on from Destiny Child, from Michelle Destiny Child, Michelle, because she obviously was a survivor. She not gonna give up. She not gonna stop. She gonna go harder. No. And I was like, hold on. No, it's not her either. That ain't UNC style either, because I do think she's in a situation. So I'm like, last but not least, I was like, it's K Michelle. It gotta be K Michelle. And the reason why I said I did my own homework. I went to iTunes and I looked at just the list of, of songs that K Michelle had on her albums or songs that she's been a part of.


And one of those songs and multiple songs was hard to do. I said, Ooh. Then another song was Cry. And then another song. I was like, damn, she's, this shit been going on for years. How do you know this was the song that she titled? How Do You Know? I was like, oh no. But then she had a song with Rick Ross that was maybe I should, no it wasn't. Maybe I should call it was If They Know. Mm. She was like, I like I see YI see I is it she, Michelle. I see. So I'm just trying to figure out the pieces because like I said, I'm speaking for the people.


We really wanna know who Michelle is. You dig what I'm saying? Yes. Michelle would like to re would like to, to remain anonymous. Okay. I swore that her anonymity would be protected. Yes, sir. That's something that I'm going to take to my grave. Yes, sir. I know, I know. And even and even then, Hey, Snoop deal Double G Nephew. I know you could appreciate this. Some things you take to your grave. Yes, sir. And even when you go meet the man at the Perley gates and he ask you about it. You said this present time, I, I don't remember. You just pray for a a a I just ask for forgiveness. Forgiveness. You repent. Yes.


New from embedded. Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics. But it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man? Hear about the long history of sex testing women athletes on tested a new series from CBC and NPRs embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've Got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer, star Kabir, Baja b Amila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey Gb, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends at a children's Christmas play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kabir journey, but this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football, the search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church and then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got straightaway. I felt Like I was living in North Korea, but worse. If that's Possible, listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news previews, recaps and analysis delivered straight to your podcast feed by the time you get your coffee. No dumb hot takes here. Just smart hot takes. We'll talk every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in the big guns from NFL Media. That's Patrick Clayban, Steve Weiss, Nick Shook, Jordan R from the Athletic and of course Colleen Wolf. This Is their window right now. This is their Super Bowl window. Why would they trade him away? Because he would be a pivotal part of them winning that Super Bowl. I Don't know why. Colleen, catch the podcast, the NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal every day. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. And who doesn't want that? Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I loved this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Lou, what you think? Snoop. Snoop. I think you should have had some music in the foreground, huh? If you'd had some music Well it would've, it would've covered. It would've covered, it would've covered up half of the massacre. You know what I'm saying? The music in the foreground mass. What kind Of music we talking about now? We can't just have anything you, we, You could had some shut. They coulda had some, some, some RB music going. You know what I'm saying? Some real, you know, central, you know what I'm saying? Some real sexual, you know what I'm saying? To set the tone where the music would've been the object of desire and the ambiance would've been the, you know, the noise that was in the background. He should've reversed the sound. Yeah, you right. But I think, I think, but what I think though, unc like what Rick Ross said, I think you was trying to, trying to film, you know what I'm saying, to hit that wrong button, you know what I'm talking about.


But, but you dunno, you ain't up on that technology. Act like, But if you think about it, Snoop, all you saw was sheets. If I was trying to film how you not, how you not how I don't get nobody, I don't get me, I don't get hurt. I don't get no feet. All you see is sheets and headboard. That's fact. That is. But to me it's a, it's a beautiful situation because for one, you not in a marriage. So you have the right to do what you want, when you want, how you want. So you had no, you had no reason to even apologize. I know you was respecting your job and the, and the Disney network and all that shit you connected to, but fuck all that.


Everybody has sex. Everybody indulges. It just so happens that yours was, you know, broadcast for the whole globe. Hey, hey Snoop, you think I'll be able to live this down? You think I ever I'll ever be able to get past this? You gonna have more women? That's what you dunno. Hey Cam, tell the truth. Hey governor, could you tell What happen? Man, I'm trying to tell you man, it rest in peace to a, a pioneer Frankie Beverly, he should have had before I let you go playing in the background or shout out to Rich homie a TL I'll be feeling like the man when I walk through man. And there's so many different options.


Hey, you know what I'm saying that you could have chose from unc, you dig? I'm saying we got two unc. See y'all on the street. See y'all be taking, see that All that takes time. Y'all trying to set the mood. I'm already ready to go. I'm in the game. I just put it like this. Yo stocks is high right now. I told him that yesterday. Hey Snoop, I'm like a cheetah. You never see a cheetah stretch. He wake up on the, in the morning ready? And you look across the plane and Sara Getty, he said, there's a gazelle. He gone hit the ready. Hey, Have I'm lined up. They, that was enticing to the ladies. Do you understand me? That that wasn't, that wasn't like a turn off at all. That was real enticing.


And then you, you straighten up the facts with all of the, the he say, she say, you cleared that up real quick. Like, and I like how you did that standing on business. You understand me? Yeah. Look, I I, I think the thing is like my grandfather just say, boy, if you you mess it up, you clean it up. That's on me. I gotta own it. I gotta stand in it. No, that wasn't somebody set me up. That wasn't, you know, this or that. It was an honest mistake. And I know people don't wanna believe, oh, he tried hit, this was stage snoop. I told people I, you know what I can ask Snoop because Snoop, you've been in this. Lemme ask you a question. Snoop tell me, would you be willing to forego a hundred, $200 million just to dispel a rumor?


Man, money ain't never the object for me. It's always about my pride and my dignity in the things I was brought up on my moral. So I I sometimes I turn money down for the simple fact that it don't feel good to my spirit. So money never drives me, right Cam? Yes, I mean, because you know people like, well he trying to refute the rumor that he gave. I say, you really tell me I'm gonna throw everything that I built my reputation on all the opportunities that I can have going forward to dispel something that y'all started that y'all want to carry on Anyway. I say, how big of a fool do you think I must be? Well, I'll tell you like this. I heard you say you want to be the biggest entertainer on all platforms. So I thought this was your initiation to OnlyFans.


I ain't on cap to you so dollar. Nah, I know they're making bread on OnlyFans, but I ain't trying to get no bread like that. I, like I said, boy, he came in with a bang, literally get fingertip. Oh, oh, I, I turned down a, a snoop now that you mention it, I turned down a real high seven figure deal because I didn't agree with it. Mm. I said I can't in good conscious go out there and say, and a, it was an audio read. It wasn't even my face just audio 2 million. I said nah, I'm good. But that's your upbringing though. Your upbringing remains in you as a, as an adult no matter how old you are or how, how wise you think you are, whatever you was taught as a kid is gonna always remain in you.


You have values and people put good shit inside of you. That's why you getting success. That's why when we do have success, there's a thing called like failure that comes along and then you have to bounce back to find success again. And all of us on this motherfucker have been through that. Absolutely. This just your turn in because you've been the platform that been putting people in that position of where you've been on the other side of the scope. Now you on this side and it's time to man up and that's what you doing. I appreciate that man. It's tough. I mean, cam, you, I mean as you start to rise Cam, you're gonna start to see, 'cause I didn't envision this, I mean when I started this, Snoop was one of the first people that I had on because I went to my Rolodex. I ain't know how else to book. Guess Yes sir.


People that I had in my phone, Snoop Mayweather, I had my brother Cube, master p basically Rick Ross. Basically like my first seven, eight guests were all people that I had in my, in my in, in, in, in my phone. And what it gave me, it gave me credibility because of the, the, the star power that they brought. And so now I was like, okay, okay we got something here. But if somebody would've told me that Shannon, when you get to this level Yeah. That people would try to knock you off because you know, when we play a sport cam, I mean look, I expect the crowd from the opposing team to not like me. Correct? Because I'm one of the best players. I'm the one that's gonna probably send your team ass home.


Right? But to get to this and to see people just take pot shots and just say things, I'm like, is this what it's like? And talking to Snoop and talking to people that he's like, bro, you got the weather this. He said if that's all, that's all you going through, you, you good Shannon. This this the shit that come with the industry. It was rigged like this. Just like the NFL and the NBA is rigged with certain rules and regulations to keep you down. It's the same shit. We just been dealing with it longer because we are entertainers just like you've been dealing with the sports shit, we've been dealing with this for so long. So we understand the dynamics of what it is. It's the old get to the top and we're going to pull you down. Right? Not them, it ain't nobody but your people on your head right here.


Yep. That's the crazy part. You esp n and already said you cool but the niggas are still on. Well nigga explain. We wanna know why. Nah. Yeah. I can't agree with that though. Snoop and I ain't gonna cap 'cause I'm like, I think Uncle Shaa is the luckiest person in the world, right? Because two situations that have been public, right? He's been able to control the narrative. And when I tell every content creator, when I tell every podcaster, every YouTuber to take note and to see how this man has literally controlled his narrative from, we've seen the skip situation.


He controlled the narrative on his terms. We've seen this situation. You've controlled it on your terms. I literally looked at your stream last night, bro. And it was 145,000 people watching live. I woke up the next morning and then I seen a million people have viewed that. So with that being said, bro, you are a master of what you are doing. Not to, not to bring jokes to the situation, but also controlling it in a way that you got respect, bro. Like if all those people, for every 10 people that's out there, I would say eight people are like, yo, I fuck with Shannon even more. You dig what I'm saying? Yeah. Rather than not saying like, man, this is blase blah man, mistakes happen.


Yeah. And Cam, we had Cam I correct. I wanna correct we had over 300,000 in the chat. But remember this, this, this is and this ain't, this ain't this is ballgame. Yes. And, and and, and remember this part, I've been controlling the narrative for 32 years. You have, it's cool to do it for a year or two, but when you're doing it for 32 years, you understand the dynamics of it. Like the hands and the outs, the the certain falls and the defaults. And like I'm saying, I spoke facts, the more hate and the more hate he got was from his people. Yes sir. Yeah. Period. Point blank. That's what I'm saying. And and to beat that is to keep being successful. That's the only way you can beat that is to be successful revenge is to be beat with Success.


But I'll say this though though, can, like I say, I'm speaking for the people, I'm speaking for the niggas that, that really know what Shannon Sharp means to the culture. I'm talking for the niggas who know what Snoop Dogg means to the culture. Bro, Snoop, first off bro, you are the only nigga that you went from gang banger thug to doing a show with Martha Stewart to also being the most talked about person during the Olympics from like, who does that? Y'all are doing things y'all way, bro. Y'all give folks like me the, the the the power to say, man, I don't have to change. You know what I'm saying?


So right y'all man, if, if nobody ever told y'all or gave y'all y'all flowers, bro, like it's me humbly telling y'all like we ain't in no competition. I look up to y'all. No. In a way absolutely not. Man, y'all doing it So unc bro, both of y'all UNC and unc, yeah. It's one of them situations that dog, this happens, sex is natural. You know what I'm saying? I I I like it that it was Michelle and not Michael or Michelle and not Mitch. You know what I'm saying? Because like these niggas tell it shit Ben sassy, unc Ben doing all some, you know what I'm saying? But the fact that it was what it was, you can't hate that bro.


And like you said, it was 300,000 people watching it. That's more than first take. Yeah. I think the thing is, cam, you said something said that the way you control it in this situation, I said the reason why I was able to control the situation, I knew I wasn't gonna like the sound of the gun. So I took the bullet out of it. Yes sir. And so now you can't harm me. Mm. So I control, I stood up in front of it. I stood up in front and said look, this is what happened. Right. I owned it. See if I own, if I own now you teach if I own my insecurities, you can't make me feel inferior about them. Correct. See I get to control the narrative. Now y'all can say it's staged, but why do I need to stage something when I'm on top of the field?


Everybody that said it's staged. I'm on top of you. You was on top of, I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna tell you like this, like you know how to avoid this whole situation. How that you got your phone next to you? I do. You press it's a button on the side. I don't know what's what type of iPhone that you got? There's a button on the side and then Yeah, you press that button with the top of the Volume button and you, you got all the muscles, you can press it as hard as you can and then there's gonna be an icon that says turn off phone And.


if you slide that home to the right, it's on it. But why but why you got your phone up and everybody know you got your phone. We just wanna see Michelle. She, she ain't in here. Hey, hey Snoop. I show hope and I told 'em, I said I show hope. Don't nobody need no emergency 'cause I'm about to leave my phone in the car and they gonna say what took you so long to call 9 1 1? I said I had to go down to the, I had to go down to the garage, had to get my, unlock the car and I had to call 9 1 1. That's why it took me a minute because I Hey can we Get a picture? Can we get a picture of Michelle from the back of her neck? Oh no. Y'all, y'all tried, y'all tried to see there distinguish to the back distinguishing characteristic?


No, Shannon just The back of her neck to the bottom of her ankles. That's it. She ain't even gotta Turn around. Oh no, that's all. Listen what the people, I mean the chats is going crazy right now. All we want to know is business booming. Is LA Porter sold out? Is all the merch sold out? Is people subbing? You know what I'm saying? I Oh shout we doing, we doing good with the subs. Hey, hey these right here. Hey, hey Snoop. We gonna send you in Cam Some of these right here. These I don't need it. Hey, I don't need no I don't need it. Hey, hey. Bad bonds didn't need it either. I mean he was already all world.


He shr then he went to another planet. He shrunk when he wasn't on them. Hey, but he had to one seven MVPs that hit 800 homeless. Hey listen here bro. Man Chad where your ass at nigga? Stop acting like you Shot. Hold on. Listen, this is my problem. It's 'cause of time. It is really 12 o'clock for me. So I'm like, I'm like Biden right now. I'm on Biden time. I'm, I'm, Hey y'all laughing. Not I'm all bullshit the chat. No, once I start swinging back and forth and I stop talking, I'm sleepy. So I'm fighting for my life but I'm here. But we gonna keep your, we gonna, we gonna keep your ass off. Hey Cam. Yes sir. We appreciate you joining us man. We gonna get, we gonna do like 10 minutes with Snoop. We gonna get, get Snoop outta here 'cause Hey Cam, I need to get your information on that game.


We need to play a game. Somebody said you was good In that shit man. No nigga. Wrong G word. Nigga, I'm great. You ain't your Son. Okay. There's, you ain't Your son Kentucky Word. Correct me nigga. Correct me nigga. Hey, I love you bro. Real shit man. Appreciate y'all man. Thank y'all dog. Appreciate you man. Hey, best luck on everything Cam. Come On your show. Lemme know when I can come on your podcast too. Youve for me bro. I can't spend no jet money to come fly your ass to Atlanta, bro. Nigga, when I'm in Atlanta, I'm gonna pull up on you nigga. My daddy live out there. It cost nothing. Nigga daddy live Out here. Yeah nigga live in Bro. On my soul, on my soul bro. Like no disrespect to you, I wanna talk to Pops like I, he, he, that nigga got conversation and gang.


He, he A whole shit man. Everything I love bro. I was raised by old people bro. Like UNCs and, and real uncles and shit. So I already know like the wisdom. He 75 and he still sharp as motherfucker. He got gang. He got it. Hey, I'm gonna get your information from your son bro. Real shit bro. I'm gonna get outta here though. I love you, appreciate that. I love bro. Nah, you stay Snoop, we about to holler at you for a second. Yes sir. Man, Snoop bro. Everybody was Snoop. I didn't know I was on IG line. Everybody with people that I normally talk to, they calling me FaceTime and I'm like, and what they were trying to do is that and what they told me today, Shannon, all you had to do was just pick up and then it would've interrupted the screen.


It would've, it had cut your live off and your live wouldn't have came back on. I Didn't know. I didn't know that. I had no idea. Hell, I didn't know I was on it, but I was, I was already, you gotta, You gotta gotta get you a young gen, you gotta get a Gen Z assistant to be on deck for you. One of them youngsters that know technology that's always on point for me. Snoop, Snoop, I was knee d you know what I'm saying? When she, when she talking about I got a cramp, Hey gimme five more seconds. I got a cramp too. We both cramping together, you know what I'm saying? And man, Snoop, man, I man look here, you talk about heart. I, I can't think of a time, I can only think of three other times that I, that I felt my heart drop like it did yesterday.


And each time it was three words that was saying, Shannon, I'm pregnant. Oh Lord. Oh yeah, yeah, that, that, that, that do be the hard, that'd be the hard drive Right there that, so four times in my life, Snoop, I heard something and my heart literally left my body. And that was the same feeling, The exact same feeling. I, and now I'm sitting, I'm sitting, I'm sitting there with my hand, my head and my hands and I'm thinking to myself, Lord, what have I done, Lord, what have I done? What have I done? And she's trying to tell me it's gonna be okay. You good, you safe with me?


I told you you safe, right? You always gonna be safe. Your brand is safe. I'm like, yes. I say, but I say, but I say, but I say, but I say but, and I was talking just like I'm talking to you. Right. You see, I couldn't get it out, Snoop. That's what I, I'm like, man, and I'm thinking to myself, I said, I just threw all of all everything is going so good and I just threw it all away. But that's what you thought I did. And that's, that's like, like, you know, you, you get tested. You a child of God. So one thing about him, he gonna keep testing you the whole way, you know? And he gonna give you all of that, that joy. Then he gonna give you the pain. Just like when you had to leave the other network. Yep. Everybody was with you.


You didn't think motherfuckers was with you see what I'm saying? Just like when this shit happened, you didn't think motherfuckers was with You. Yeah, man. Reading the comments and to seeing everybody, the positivity of Snoop and to see everybody being unc, Hey, we got you, we down with you unc man, I, I was like, wow. But still, I, you still, because like you said, I'm dealing with corporate and look, Snoop, I've lo I had an interview with this person, it was gonna be the biggest name I had to date. And they say no, unfortunately we're not gonna be able to do it. I've had some six, seven figure deals that the sponsors have said. We are not, we're there not, we are in a holding pattern. So I'm not gonna get the money that I was supposed to be getting.


And it, they might terminate it. They might not. They say we just gonna be in a holding pattern for the next 30 to 60 days. And, and so, you know, I, but I, I'm, I'm big into this Snoop. This is how, this is how I am. I might not be, I, I can control my actions, but I don't get to control the consequences. Whatever the consequences that comes from my actions, I man up. I don't blame nobody. You did that. I didn't say I didn't, I I'm not gonna say I got set up. I'm not gonna say this. I'm gonna stand, I'm gonna stand in the face of adversity because I put myself there and I'm gonna own it. I wear it. Did, did that. And that's, that's the part that was humbling to the people that support you. And even the ones who didn't, the ones who didn't support.


You had to recognize that you given a lesson. Now you teaching 'cause everybody make mistakes. But how do you deal with your mistake? You had to deal with yours publicly. That's a lot of motherfucker mistakes every day. And don't nobody know nothing and they just, you know, dealing with it. And that's, but Snoop, that's why I do everything private and see, this is what bothered me because now this is really one of the first times that I've had, because I, if you date, if you date privately, you can break up privately. But if you date publicly, what you gotta do, when people know y'all dating, they see, all of a sudden y'all stop following each other. Now y'all blocked each other. Now they don't see y'all together. If they so happen to see her and not you, or they see you and not her, not everybody trying to piece things together.


They've never been able to do that because they've never seen me with anyone. So that tends to speculation, conjecture, innuendo, I'm cool with that. But this is something that happened publicly, so now I have to deal with it publicly. Right. But it's, it's because you become a public face. Yes. You know what I'm saying? A lot of times when in the world of sports, you know, you are a public figure when the games is on after that, you know, you can just, you know, hide yourself the uniform and on. But when you, you know, waking up to you every day and seeing you, hearing you interviewing you at nighttime, like you didn't created different platforms for yourself. It ain't just get up in the morning, you got this show, that show Yep. This shit, that shit. So it's like, can't nobody stop your emotion right now. This is just like I say, you being tested 'cause you a child of God.


Anytime you're a child of God, he's always going to test you. You never gonna always just have it either all bad or all good. It's gonna be a little bit of both. Yeah. And that's how you build strength. Hey, you, hey, I'll say this. The only way to have a testimony is to be tested. Wow. You absolutely right. You absolutely right.


New from embedded. Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics, but it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man? Hear about the long history of sex testing women athletes on tested a new series from CBC and NPRs embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've Got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer Stark Kabir, Baja Bila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey GB, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends at a children's Christmas play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how it went from Christianity to Now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kabeer's journey, but this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football, the search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church and then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got straightaway. I Felt like I was living in North Korea, but worse. If that's possible, Listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week you'll get all the latest news previews, recaps and analysis delivered straight to your podcast feed by the time you get your coffee. No dumb hot takes here. Just smart hot takes. We'll talk every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in the big guns from NFL Media. That's Patrick Clay Clayban, Steve Weiss, Nick Shook, Jordan R from the Athletic and of course Colleen Wolfe. This is their window right now. This is their Super Bowl window. Why would they trade him away? Because he would be a pivotal part of them winning that Super Bowl. I Don't know why. Colleen catch the podcast, the NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal every day. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. And who doesn't want that? Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Alright, here we go. It's Cam Jordan from New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast. Off the edge with me. Cam Jordan can't stop it. You know what's gonna happen. Can't stop it. That's right. Catch new episodes every Wednesday, all season long. That's what you look for. Year 14 to do more. No, and I'll have my friends who happen to be some of the NFL's biggest stars, join me on the pod. We'll give you a player's perspective of the biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moments from around the league and you know, we'll have fun doing it. Ha Yeah. Oh, and I'll have a special guest each month. Join me to mix it up a little bit. Who is it? None other than psych. You have to tune in to find out. So tap in to Off the Edge with Cam Jordan's podcast, your ultimate playbook for all things football and not football. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Man, Snoop. Man, I gotta tell you about this, this, this, this Olympic bro, what you were able to do. I've never seen anybody, I've never seen anybody have a transformation. Like you Cam touched on it a little bit, but for, to go from where you came from, you one of the, you one of the most recognizable people on the planet. There's not a place you can go that is populated by people in which they don't know who you are. And to see that ascension, to see that you gain, okay, most people just knew, know you for rapping and, and and, and being from Long Beach and doing what you did. And to overcome that and to be a household name, standing beside Martha Stewart and, and Martha Stewart is, is, is is clean as, and you're right there with her.


You got, you've hosted game shows. You go anywhere to any event and you take center stage. Now you at the Olympics, you are the biggest person at the Olympics. I'm talking about you bigger than the athletes. My thing went off, Did when you were growing up in Long Beach, could you have imagined that Calvin Life would be like this? Not in a million years, you know, 'cause the Olympics was something that came around, you know, four years. And then you would, you know, see it on tv. You would look at the athletes and these was the greatest athletes in the world because they represented your country. So to, to even watch the Olympics was like a feat.


So to be able to go there was never in the equation. But knowing that when I had the opportunity, I was gonna be the biggest kid there, I was gonna have the most fun. I was gonna do the things that, you know, we would do And. we was given the opportunity to, to prance around and dance around in Paris, but be respectable and be clean as a whistle. You know what I'm saying? So that way, the brand and the networks and understand that they're dealing with a profession. Right. Man, I love that. I love that. I mean, you went, I mean you, at every event you cheering, you trading, they give you your own pen, Snoop, you got a pen? I bet you your PI bet you you traded what people wanted that Snoop Dogg pen more than any other athlete in the village. That's crazy you said that because it was, I thought one of the little, the movie star dude, I think it was, it wasn't Tom Cruise, it was somebody, one of them big movie stars that was out there and he slid up on me.


I thought he was trying to get a, you know, a picture. He was like, fatty Snoop Dogg. What's up with one of the pens? I'm like, oh, I thought, I thought you was trying to get a flick. You done slid up on me to get a pen. You done got past security with the old pen tray, Man. I mean, Snoop, that, that's, that's, that's unbelievable, man. I mean, man, to see you and to know you. And that's what I tell people. I said, you know, a lot of times that you meet people and they, they cool, but if they see you again and they're not in that very similar situation, they might not be as cool. I met this man at time, I, I don't know if you remember, but back in 93 time, used to have a celebrity basketball game at Oh, on Play then in, I dunno if It was Philip Georgia Tech.


Yes. Georgia Tech. Yes. A-A-A-A-A charity basketball game. Yes, sir. And that was the first time that I met you. And ever since then, no matter the, no matter the occasion, no matter where you, the exact same, if you didn't know better, you swore you, you swore you grew up with Snoop. Y'all can hear me? You know what? That's my mother. My mother. And she brought me up that way when I was a kid. The era I grew up in, the, the word was always go outside and play. Yes. It never been like, now these kids are just in the house 24 7. It's like playing video games, go outside and play. Right. So when, even when we would go to other people's house to go visit, if she had friends in different cities, when we get there, get outta grown folks business, go outside and play.


So I had to mingle and I had to meet people. And that's what I got good at because I was never afraid to say who I was and what's your name? Can I play with you? Can I hang out with you? What's that you doing? You know what I'm saying? So it like, it just translated into me as an adult being able to say, okay. Yeah. When I became successful, the first thing I did was track down all of the greats, whether it was George Clinton, Charlie Wilson, Bootsy Collins, whoever it was. I tracked them down and if they were still able to sing, I made records with 'em and I told 'em how much I loved him. I forged a relationship with Quincy Jones, you know what I'm saying? I forged a relationship with Muhammad Ali. Like I went and met the goats and the greats because I'm just the big ass kid.


So now when the game flips and I'm that guy, I understand it. I understand what I mean to people. So that's why I try to walk in a different light coming from the darkness. Wow. Man, that's unbelievable. Snoop, man. I, hey, continued success. I think I heard that you working with Dr. Dre and you got some music coming out. Yeah. Yeah. What is that gonna drop? Is gonna be this year, next early next Year. Early next year. Me, snoop, me, Snoop and Dre early. I'm, I'm, I'm sorry, I, I, I took, I took a, I took a little nap, a little cat nap. I'm back now though. Back Now. I'm gonna see Dre tomorrow to go finish it up.


It's called Missionary, right? It's a, it's a, it's a record we've been working on for a while. It's 30 years in the making. It's the first time me and him did a whole record together since doggy style. Wow. And I feel like we both on our, on our A game right now, we both are like really peaking. Like he's proud of me, I'm proud of him. And, we challenging each other. One thing about me and him, it ain't always like, you know, happy, happy, happy. It's like we challenge each other. Right. And that's what brings us the best of us, is that I'm willing to go sit down and be challenged as hot as I am, as big as I am, I put that to the back seat and said, fuck that. I wanna go sit with Dre and let him do all the shit he do as if I was a rookie.


So that way I can fine tune my shit and not be cocky and conceited, but be a student again. When you, when you go work with Dre, obviously he's at the top of the pecking order when it comes to producer. That's, that's, that's that does what he does. And you go in there and you are who you are. How do you find that balance between him pushing you and you're like, ho hey, hold up now, you know, I'm the DO double G, right? Well, the, the balance is when I'm with him, if you watch our whole careers together, he's always been in the driver's seat. Okay. I've never been in the driver's seat. If you watch all of the videos and all the depictions of me and him, yeah.


He was always, I started off in the back seat and DOC was in the passenger seat. Correct. Then I moved to the passenger seat and then I was able to adjust the music and I was able to roll the windows down. I was able to put some girls in the, I'm saying so, but I never was able to grab the steering wheel to drive because I would crash. He is a better driver at this than I, I'm, wow. I'm better being in the passenger seat, making sure that, you know, I'm doing the shit that I do. Right. I know my role, Shannon. I, I know that he's the quarterback and I know that I have to run my routes and I know that sometimes I may not get the ball or we may not pass, but I don't give a fuck. I'm gonna block hard. I'm gonna do all the shit I gotta do. But We gonna pull that. So do throw, When he finally throw me that motherfucker, I'm wide open and I got the coldest end on dance.


You niggas have ever seen Snoop, we gonna get you outta here on this one. There's a lot been said. Obviously when the Super Bowl came to la, Dr. Dre, you 50 was up there, you brought Im you had Mary J Now the Super Bowl goes to loose New Orleans and the Native son, Lil Wayne. And that goes to one of your colleagues, you know, K Doc Kendrick Lamar had the unbelievable summer, but he ha he does unbelievable music. I think he's one of Dre's protege. Wh wh where are you on that? How do, I mean, o obviously, you know, you being in LA you can't have, you can't have performers in LA during the halftime show and DOWG ain't up there. Where, where are you on at out on this situation though, Snoop?


Well, I don't really have no opinion, but what I do want to say is that just remember where the NFL was 15 years ago when it comes to hip hop. How many hip hop artists was able to grace that stage 15 years ago? So I understand both sides of the coin and I understand how people feel. I have no answer, no opinion because I had the opportunity to get up there via Dr. Dre. I didn't do any Snoop Dogg songs. I was up there helping Dr. Dre and it became a great moment for all of us. Yes. So anytime anybody can get on that Super Bowl stage, remember this, it's a 12, 13 minute performance and you're not getting paid.


So it's more or less you have to spend money to upgrade your show to make it master appealing for the audience that's home watching. So at the same time, Lil Wayne is the goat of New Orleans rap. Remember I was at No Limit Records. Yes. For three years. And I watched this whole career come to life and then watch them become the biggest, I watched him get bigger than me. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah. And I was gigantic at the time and I love seeing his growth. And me and Wayne is family to this day. Me and Kendrick is family to this day. And me and Jay-Z and me and Roger Ell. So I don't know who is the decision maker. All I know is that I'll be home watching the Super Bowl and when the halftime show come on, I'll be watching everywhere.


Nah, you need to be in New Orleans because we gonna be on tour. Nightcap is gonna have a tour Thursday night. So we need you to be one of the guests on the platform with us. You gotta have some crawfish and some gumbo. That's the only way you Get. We have, we have whatever you, whatever you want, you want crawfish gumbo? We got that shade by La Porter on deck. We got whatever you need. Hey, hey, we got, we got the blood. Hey, we got somebody that already got, we got a roll in the back. Just so you know, if yours is tied up, we gotta roll our back. That a I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready to rap. I love it. I got a sick Snoop man. Bro, I appreciate you joining us tonight. I know you busy got a busy schedule, but that's one thing I can honestly say anytime I've ever called on this man a, he's like, Hey, whatever you need unc, I'm there.


I'm there. So I, man, I appreciate the support. I appreciate you always being in my corner. I appreciate you coming on the, the old show that I was on before I left and I appreciate you coming on tonight with OCHO. Now Nightcap, man, I greatly appreciate it Man. You and Ocho doing great things. We need to see more brothers working together and finding ways to keep their spirit and their careers alive. I was telling OCHO today earlier on FaceTime that y'all are a great example to the athlete that's looking forward to ending his career and what to do when it's over with And. we were speaking to branding, a lot of 'em try to brand themselves while they're in the league without branding their skills, skills on the football field. So it's like, just make sure that you have the right message that you're sending.


And for me, you guys are sending the perfect message because y'all did everything correct on that football field and now y'all doing everything correct in this media entertainment world. Appreciate it. So kudos to y'all Appreci. Yeah, I appreciate that Snoop. But that's what I try to tell guys that look like OCHO and I is that you know, we don't have to, we don't have to be in competition. There's enough money they're spending billions of dollar in the digital space. Billions. And I said, as long as you don't care who gets the credit, you don't know how much success you can have. I gotta spend, I gotta spin off show for y'all just 'cause I'm a rapper and I always come up with dope ass ideas. Check this out. Spinoff show, the name of it is 84, 80 85. I like that.


Okay. We need, so do we need to have somebody that wore 84 and 85? Yeah. Okay. Who go? Who? Who? The number 85. You want to get ocho? Can we get Randy Moss? I think Randy Mosque be the 84. Yeah, You get, you get only, only 80 folds, 90 fives on y'all show that what it look like. That could just be a nice little segment. Like who was the best 84 and who was the best? 85. I Like that. All the 80 fours was better. 80 fives on show. I'm sorry. See, see Went there. I'll do it already There. Hold on. First of all, you got Randy, you got myself, you got my brother, you got ab That's four 80 fours right now.


Who you wanna talk? I'm half asleep right now. I can't even answer that. Come on Here. I Tell him when he wake his ass up, he still lost. Lemme get some 85 Mark dup. Oh, he was cold. He was cold with the Dolphins. He with, yeah. Yeah, with the bubblegum cage. Antonio Gates Cage. Okay. Oh, he was real nice. Tight. Hold on, lemme get some more 80 fives now. Oh, he matched you up Shannon. He put you up against Gates. That's, I see what he doing. He put, he putting yours up against. Against. Okay. I can't even, yeah. Oh you know what Osha, I help you out. Snoop, you remember Jack Youngblood played with, he played with a broken leg in the Super Bowl.


Ran. He wore 85. Yeah. Young. He wore 85 Defensive. He actually, he was the first round, he was a first round draft pick from the University of Miami. Yeah, he was a dog. la That's crazy. All of us Played. Y'all got a defensive 85 now Randy, me, my brother ab. That's all I'm gonna say. I ain't gonna give you no more. You don't need no more. Hey, Antonio Gates, Jack Youngblood, That's a lot of names. Ocho Chad Johnson. Hey, see, see y'all got, y'all got Sacks and big hits on them? Y'all got Sacks and big hits with Young Blood on your 8 5 5.


Yeah. So we got your Hey Snoop, we gonna get you outta here, bro. Hey, appreciate it tonight. Good luck. Whatever you do ahead, man. I can't wait for the album to Drop, man. The Song to Drop album. Hey man, Be sure to check me out on The Voice September 23rd. I'm one of the coaches on The Voice. He comes on NBC on September 23rd is the first Night. Oh, y'all heard him September 23rd. He's now one of the new coaches on the Voice. NBC, right? Yes, sir. NBC, make sure you go check out Snoop Dogg, man. Hey Snoop, we appreciate it, bro. Thanks for joining us. All right, Love y'all, man. Nightcap, we up out this dish. Appreciate You, man. That concludes our episode of night, our very special edition of Nightcap.


Guys, do us a favor, make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. And thank you guys for making hey, social succession for us tonight. Hey, What time, what time is it? Where you at? 10 17, Man. No wonder. No wonder you be okay man. I'm boy. I'm over here fighting for my life, boy. God damn. I, you know, I ain't ha I ain't have a take, you know, normally I take a nap, but remember I'm in Chicago because I was at a a wedding rehearsal and I know everybody, right? I know everybody from the rehearsal they probably watching. I appreciate y'all, Ryan. What's up? Congrats. Don't be nervous tomorrow.


Don't get cold feet. But, so I didn't have a chance to, to transition and taking a nap and prepare myself. Well, I'm always prepared for Nightcap, but, but hey y hey, to Stay up this late. I do. I dozed off for a little bit. Boy, I'm hurting. We know. I, that's, that's what I'm here for. That's what I'm here for. That's what I'm Here for. I'm ready for, I'm ready for tomorrow. Saturday guys, we have Sha Shay by LaPorte in stock. If you can't find it in a state or or city near you, we're probably coming soon. But you can order it from our e-commerce site and we'll ship it directly to your door. Please go follow my media company's page on all platforms, Sheha Media and my clothing company 84.


That's 84 spelled out. And the link is pinned at the top of the ch top of the chat towards T-shirts. Hats dropped this week. So did the new shirts dropped. Also, please go by yours now@eightyfour.com. We want to thank our special guest tonight, Lavelle Crawford, Godfrey Cam, Newton, and the one and only Snoop, DO double G for joining us. Oh and Castanet. Also stop by for a few minutes and not to forget the Dolphins lost to the bills. 31 10. Guys, thank you for your support, your unwavering support, not only for Nightcap, but me personally. This very difficult time. Thank you. Thank you. I can't thank you enough. I'm up.


He's 85. This is us. This the T-shirt. Make sure you go purchase one. I'm out. We'll see you Saturday. The Volume


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And. we are coming along for the ride. Woo hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And Then there's me, Devon Rogers And. We are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL Media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. Tune into my podcast each week to hear me and my friends in the community break down the latest matches, including the US Open Plus hear from some of the biggest names in the sport about what the future holds. It's about belief and once you break through that right then you know you can win a Grand Slam. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete or how the best in the sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League One Volleyball's podcast, serving pancakes. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about the sport itself and what it takes to stand on the podium. I'll be joined by top athletes and figureheads in sports as we dive deep into match play mindset and memories from years past. And you can guarantee that pancakes will be on the menu. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for 30 minutes I dive into three stories in Major League Baseball that I want to talk about, or I do a stat deep dive. Sometimes I create my own stats. It gets weird. It's now your Go-to podcast for staying up to date and in the weeds with Major League Baseball. No topic is off limits or too small. Bad umpires, great pitcher, catcher, duos, new rules, old rules. Three things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.