
Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes Unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best Describes the Jets season? Look no Further. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast, featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Carolo, Judy Batista, and NFO Network's, team of experts. The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And Then there's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume, the 82 Game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin Tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the Draftking Sports Book app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The playoffs are upon us the best place to watch Right bear in person. Gametime is an authorized ticket marketplace for playoff basketball, which makes getting playoff tickets even easier and faster. Prices on Gametime apps actually go down closer. It gets to tip off with killer last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat. The lowest price guarantee Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. Save even more when you choose a section and let Gametime choose the seat. The lowest price guaranteed or Gametime will credit 110% of the difference. Take the guesswork out of buying playoff basketball tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code Nightcap for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code Nightcap, N-I-G-H-T-C-A-P for $20 off download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


Hello, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for a very, very special episode of the Olympic Watch Party. I am your favorite. Onk Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite. Number 85, the route runner extraordinaire. The Cincinnati bingo legend. The pro bowl of the all pro Liberty City zone. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. As you can see, they've started the opening ceremony. Now we're at South Africa. I just saw the refugees. They have 37 athletes of more than a hundred countries of athletes that's been displaced and they're being allowed to compete because of what's going on in their respective countries. So I thought that was a very, very great thing by the IOC to allow these displaced athletes to an opportunity to compete and live out their dream.


Now you see Albania coming. This is very, very good. I mean, there is no walking. They're coming down on boats down. I think that's the Sun River, if I'm not mistaken. Is that, is that what that is? I think so. This is unbelievable. You see Albania here, I'm not sure how many athletes they have, but that's a great experience to be the ring bearer. The ring the flag bearer 46 athletes for your respective country. We figured it. We know now that LeBron James is the male flag bearer and Coco Goff is the female flag bearer. The woman's flag bearer for the US team. So this is an unbelievable honor. Here you see Denny Schroder, Dennis Sch Schroder representing Germany.


The male flag that bearer dope. They have 4 63 athletes. I thought that Annamarie Wagner is the judo. She's the woman's flag bearer. This is pretty cool. Mocho. Yeah, this very, very nice. Very nice. I like, I like the entrance. I like what they're doing coming By boat coming, come on on the boats. Yeah. I I I like that. That's, that's really dope. That's really dope. Would these be considered, I mean, Chad, y'all help us out here. Would, these can be considered tugboats, I mean, or what do they call duck boats? Are these what these are called Dug boat? What Kind of boat? It's not a pontoon.


Somebody got Go ahead. This, this has to be such a surreal experience to be able to represent your country for one, and obviously to be the flag bearer. Oh yeah. For your country man. And just, just, just being able to, to be in the spotlight and represent an entire country has to be one of the greatest feelings in the world. Right. I mean, a lot of nerves I can imagine. Think about playing on, playing a Sunday game. Think about the nerves and the butterfly you have. Yeah. Simply for a football game. So imagine having to represent your country and do well and wanting to do well and the type of pressure that's on you. Oh, they say they just call riverboats. Oh, Riverboats. Okay. Okay. And tweet what? And Bar Buddha, they have five athletes.


Probably, if I had to say, I'm saying they're probably track and field athletes. I don't think Andwe and Tego even, they're surrounded by water anti antigo. Yeah. I don't know if they're gonna have a whole lot of swimmers and fencers in that category. You have Saudi Arabia, you see up, see up now Ocho, they have 10 athletes. Yeah. They're normally Saudi Arabia. They normally bring weightlifters wrestlers. Right, right. They're normally good at that. Those Middle Eastern country, they put a lot of money behind that. Here's Argentina, the 2004, 2004 Gold medal basketball winner. Mon Gin's team.


Luciano d Greco. They go them boys. Yeah. Armenia. 15 athletes. Not a very large Hey Ocho, we're gonna, I'm sure we're gonna see some, some countries only have one to two athletes and that's the flag bear. He, he or she's gonna be the only one competing. The only one representing. Hey, I mean, listen. That, that, that's dope. That's dope. And it speaks volumes to the work that that athlete has put in, in their respective craft. Absolutely. To be able to represent their country, obviously in, in Paris. Yes.


I think your TV might be behind a little bit. 'cause I got, I got USA on one side and I got a, a Aruba, a graph of, of Austria as well. You see. Well, I'm, I'm definitely behind you then because I mine, mine just, I see Aruba, I got no Lou up now and I just had Aruba. They, they just flash Austria now Austria, now Winter Olympics. Look out for Austria. Austria, yeah. In the Winter Olympics. Yeah. Austria, Norway. Yeah. But yep. Oh, I got Bahamas coming, going across right now. The Bahamas. That's The Bahamas. Yeah. They, They, The Bahamas had, Bahama had, Bahama had 20 athletes.


Yeah. Well they have the re they have the reigning Olympic 400 meter champ Champion Steven Gardner. Oh yeah. Little Stevie is what he calls himself. He's the reigning 400 meter champ. He hadn't had a whole lot of races this year, Ocho, but, but it's gonna be seen, we've seen two guys. The guy from Great Britain, he ran 43 74 just a couple days ago. Yeah. Hall from the USA ran 43 80. We're gonna anxious to see how does Stevie have enough racing in his legs to replicate what Michael Johnson has been able to do. Only Michael Johnson has been able to repeat as a 400 meter champ in consecutive Olympics. Oh yeah. If he's going do it, he got some competition this year.


Maron. Oh, we got somebody, somebody coming down the stairs in black. I I'm gonna wait till your TV catches up. Okay. It's like a performance of some sort. Oh, she got good footwork too. Hey, hey. Oh, okay. That she coming down. Who? Oh, okay. She gotta be friends. She must, go ahead girl. You better Lady Gaga. Is that Gaga right? Is that Gaga? Or am I tripping? Let's see, she's still covered up. Oh, that's the tattoo. Look like Gaga.


That is, that's Gaga. Okay. Okay. I'm sorry that I know by that tattoo, but I, I know a little bit too much. Hey, I, I, I was gonna ask if y'all used to date, but I just let that one go, man. Nah, I let that one go on by. I let that one go on by. Nah, nah, nah, nah. But you know, you, you know, you look at the costumes and the makeup that some shoes wear sometime. She can really, really sing ocho. Yeah. Oh, well she could blow that. Wait. Yes. Get singing. But don't, she's a performer. Have you ever seen her perform? Yes. She puts on a performance. There, there are certain people that are singers and entertainers.


They have this wonderful thing called stage presence. She has stage presence and commands the eye every time she's up there. Yes. Don't, don't, you know, sometimes, you know, you get lost of all. She got all that makeup and she's Dancing and that. Yeah. The costumes, the accessories don't, Don't let a, if you don't let, if you take all of that away and tell her to come out here and she pulls up a stool and sit up there, she Can, she can go. She'll let you have it. Okay. With the bet way. Listen now. With the best of 'em. Now. Absolutely. This is a great opening ceremony. But I I, I've been very, very fortunate though, Joe, that I've seen a lot of it. And I go back to 1984 when it was in, when it was in la the last time it was in LA and you come and, and, and 96 when Muhammad Ali lit the cauldron, nothing Barcelona.


When the guy, the archer, if I'm not mistaken, he fired the arrow and it lit the cauldron and It went, went right into, yeah, that was dope. That was dope. 2008 Beijing is the greatest opening ceremony I had ever seen. 2008. 2008 in Beijing. Why, why do you say that? The, the way they, the, the pageantry, those drums, what they had, they, and, and if I'm not mistaken, they say it had been rehearsing just for over a year and it was how many people that they had to have to get this thing coordinated. And everybody was beating on rhythm. Everybody was moving on rhythm. Chad, it'd be interesting to see what you guys think. What do you think was the greatest opening ceremony For me?


It was 2008 Beijing. Now I don't go back past 84, obviously, you know, in 80 it was boycotted because it was held in Moscow because of the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan. 76. It was in Montreal. 72, it was in Munich. So I don't go, I was born in 68 when it was in Mexico City. So I don't go back that far. I go back to 84, so that's about 30 years for my, in my 30 years, Beijing was the greatest opening ceremony. And she, and if they look at Ocho Naci on the piano, stop playing with him. Gaga. You ain't go out Like this. Listen, listen. Gaga Gaga is a, a very, very, very extremely talented artist.


Yeah. Gaga. A mul that can do a multitude of things. Hey, Ocho Gaga say, Hey, this the entertainer Olympics too. I'm letting y'all know. Oh yeah, yeah. I a de I'm a decathlete. And they, they, I can dance, I could play instruments. Hey, they picked the right one. They picked the right one to do in there. I know, I mean, I'm Always impressed. Like I said, I, I'm impressed what I look at at Beyonce, and I see her move the way she moved for hours and dance and stay on key with heels on key And stay on key. Man, stop. Never tired.


Yes. Yep. Man. Sh it's, it's a, it is a few of 'em, man, that, that are special at what they do. Yeah. I Got one of them. Beyonce's another one. Anytime. Anytime you can do more than one thing at anytime. You can do more than one thing at, at a time. Or Cho, you sing and dance, you sing dance and play the piano. Play an instrument, play the guitar drum, whatever the case may be. Anytime you can do, because you understand you have the breathing have to be on point to be able to sing. Point. Now what about your breathing? Go to another level when you gotta dance. Hmm. Now it has to be on another level. When you singing and you playing an instrument, Playing good instrument. Yeah. So you tip your hat. You, you, I mean, look, greatness comes in many shapes, forms and sizes and many different things.


You just get, just because athletes, we could sometimes we just like get it confused. Like only athletes can be great. No. Oh no. Doctors can be great. Lawyers can be great. Obviously there's greatness in a different form. But greatness is greatness. Oh yeah. All we got, I got, we got, I got Bangladesh right now. Yeah. On, on my tv then. Oh, this is really dope. I wonder how many people, how many, I think there's 205 nations, ocho I wonder how many people have gone to all these nations? How many people you think in the world have visited every nation in the country? Every, Every nation. Every nation. Because you know, there are a lot of people that's gone to like all 50 states.


Right? Right, right, Right. Or I've been to a hundred countries. I wonder how many people have been to like, let's just say a hundred countries or 150 countries, or 200 Countries. You know, there, there, there are people that pride themselves on their hobby being just traveling and visiting as many places as they can. Yes. Now I don't, I don't know if there's anybody that's ever been to every single one, but I'm sure there are people that have been close. Normally people that like to travel and love to travel, they continue to, to regurgitate and recycle the same places everyone else has been. Right. Instead of exploring out there to see what else is there. And I think the thing hold the ocho the problem that I'm saying why nobody has, because of some of these have just become countries in the last couple of years.


Right. Because they've gained their independence. There weren't even a country at the time. Mm. So now you see like sedan, south, south, Sudan, Belize, And. we look at Belize come across your, your your screen right now. Mm. A lot of these were under, if you think about OCHO and people like Russia, do you understand how big Russia was when they had Georgia and they had cos and they had all these nations under one. Yeah. So now all these countries are independent. You see like, wow. Yeah. Yeah. So I just, I go ahead. I just saw, I just saw a country. I, I don't even know. And you can probably educate me on this Benin. What I mean, you gotta help me out here African.


Okay. Okay. Okay. It lets me know. I need to go back. But they gained independence. You see they also flying the British flag. Now they, that's Bermuda. They might have been on the same focus. Oh. So you might have like, hold on. Y ain't but like seven of y'all, y'all can ride the same boat together. You see? You see? Yeah. Because that's a lot of boats. I dunno if they got 205 river boats. Yeah. There's boat B. That's a new one that, that looks like the boats that they have in Italy that they're on. But look at the Woodgreen finish on that Pink.


These are, This is part of the ceremony as well, huh? Ooh, That looks like a Chris Bhuton. Yeah. I see Bhutan that look like a, a, a a Chris Craft, you know, a boat ocho, you know, that's a Chris Craft, you know, boat as a acronym. You know that stand for, don't you? What? Bust out another thousand That that's a bot. That's a bottomless pit. You own a boat. Yeah. That's what boats stand for. Oh yeah. Bust out another thousand because something is always Yes. Oh, definitely. Listen, you never, you never wanna own a boat from what I hear. You always want a friend that is the owner. Yeah. And you just wanna, you just wanna Rent Bolivia.


Oh, okay. I mean, I forgot you were a little behind bot. Her Botswana. Botswana is up there. 14 athletes. I thought they clearly, they're not coming out in order. No. I thought they was gonna be coming out in order, but clearly that's not the case. Ocho And you're right. You see they got three countries on one boat. Right. Depending on, depending on their side. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Leslie Tobago, it's gonna be interesting. He might cause Noah ly some problems. He's run 19, I think he's run 1960 something.


1970 something this year. Although Noah ly was laid down a blistering time in the trial of sub 19 six, which was a, a a, a Olympic trials record. It's gonna be very, very interesting. I'm anxious to see the, the this hundred meters. Women. Women, women and women's and men. Brazil got, Brazil got a whole book of itself. You know, they, they have a few, but they normally like the, the judo stuff. Ocho, they normally good with the the karate. The judo, yeah. Things of that nature. Well, Definitely They've had a couple of marathoners.


Who we got who we got here. Who we got Bruni. This is another place I have no idea about. It'll come, it'll come up on your, on your TV in a minute. Bruni. They have three athletes. I'm not sure what that is. Chat. Do y'all know B-U-R-N-E-I? That's a new one for me. Oh, Mangar. Oh yeah. Look at Snoop. That's, that's, that's that. Obviously you, you see the head scarf that lets you know. So let me go on to the Middle East over here.


Let me find the Middle East. Okay. Who was that? Bulgaria. I'm trying to find. I know that's a, a Europe, that's a Middle Eastern country. I was not good in geography. Can't you can't find it, huh? Hell nah. Hold, let see. I should, I shoulda had my glow. I would've found it for you. You know, you know, geo geography was one of my specialties. Like spelling, I'm looking at, okay, I'm in Libya, Egypt, Oman, guitar, em, Mecca.


Oh, Kate Verde. Oh, that's dope. That's That's dope. S Man, You can't find it, huh? Hell Nah. I can't find it. And y'all laughing in the chat. Y'all can't find it. How close Ocho? I know I'm close. It's somewhere on there. Yeah, it's the question is that I find it, Oh, the Cayman Islands. Cayman Islands is up. They have, they have about six athletes, six five athletes. Kate Birdie. The only thing I know really know about Cape Birdie, I've seen, met a couple of young ladies from Cape Birdie. Yeah. Kate Bird Verde.


Y'all leave it at that, Don, I'm just gonna leave it at that. Yeah, I, I, I got you. I got you. Matter. Matter of fact, when I, when I was in Boston, when I was in Boston, obviously some of the people that I met during my tenure there, everyone seemed to be Cape Verde in that area. Yeah. Very, very, very nice people. Very, very nice people, man. Well, listen, we learning Cambodia. Cambodia has, they got about four athletes. Oh, they have three athletes. Who? Cambodia. Yeah, I know, I know what Cambodia is. See, I, I, I Should, I shoulda had my globe. But we gonna let you learn geography on the run. You, you, we gonna learn on the run. Hey, they better not bring up Papa New Guinea. 'cause I got that one right here. Oh.


Oh, man. I'm trying to think, what do you think? What do you think those athletes are? Ocho I would say, I would say probably, I would probably say weightlifting. Where? From where? Cambodia. Cambodia, yeah. Weightlifting. Yeah. Yeah. Prob probably weightlifting. I'm, I'm, I'm, maybe, maybe some of the field events and track maybe. Yeah. Oh, Canon, Cameroon. I got Cameroon right here. Cameroon. Yep. That's, that's, that's, that's, that's right there. You cheating As, as The easy one.


Rule. France. That's where France s from. Oh yeah. Canada. Well, I know what Canada is, But Canada has 331 athletes. Yeah. Well obviously Canada, US, China will send some of the biggest contingent. Yeah. Central African Republic. Andre Degra, LA the two thou. He was the, the, he's the reigning Olympic champion of the 200 meter. Right. Central a is that Chile? Chile? Chile has 48 athletes.


Chilean. Okay. Oh, Chile is sharing the same boat with Canada and African Africa or the Republic or some people. Central African Republic. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my goodness. China has 400 athletes. But here's the thing, Ojo, a lot of the athletes, they're gonna be competing tomorrow. So that's why it's not full lives. That's why you don't see you like man, and that, that need 300 people. Right. Some people gotta compete. Right. And it's like, especially when you had to walk. So I'm trying to save my legs ocho my legs, so. Right, right, right. So if I'm a swimmer or if I'm somebody that gotta compete and I need to do something, need To, you need to be resting right now. Right, right, Right there. People with public of China, my long and thing.


You, I hope, I hope the weather holds up. I can see you. They, They a gymnastics table. Tennis badminton bad. Yeah. Shooting archery. Ry Karate of some sort. Jujitsu or something. They, they, they, they good at a lot of d They good at a lot of different things. I hope the rain, it looks a little gloomy out there. I hope the Rain Army hope the weather holds Up. Holds up. Yeah. Come on, gimme Sudan right quick.


Hey, Every trio gimme that right quick. Lemme get at that. The dancers. The dancers right now, I'm not saying they're the Rockettes, but it remind me of the Thanksgiving day parade. The rocket used to be my Grandma's favorite. You hot man, Ocho. Nah, they can't, they they can't do it. Yeah, they can't do it like the Rockette. Now, I was reading it said the French is cutting down on prostitution. Ocho let them people make they money. They cut down on who? Prostitution In, in France.


Well, how they gonna do that? I don't know. But they talking about, they cutting down on letting them people make their money. Let 'em jack the prices up. When, when the Super Bowl come to a city, what they do? Ocho they jack the prices up. Yeah, they mark it up. Mark everything up. Everybody cut their money. Get your money. Oh. Y'all be doing too much government About flashing down on, man, listen, I need, I need the French government to find a way to read my bio on Twitter. And they get better understanding. The only thing that changes things changes the narrative is the word you use what? That it's, it's all, it is all the same. Because ain't nobody listen, ain't nobody doing nothing for nothing. Ain't nothing to life free.


Nah, Ain't nothing free. But Salvation, the minister in Televangelism found a way to change, charge for that. Hey, don't they preach Prosperity? Well, you gotta give, the Lord will bless you if you'll give. Yeah. Okay. So I guess he don't, he don't bless broke, broke people. Huh? Because you got me giving me you all my money. What they showing here? They showing there building the sites. Somebody own it. Somebody in the chat said, no, unc, we are not supporting prostitution. Man. Let make that funny. Y'all be, y'all doing too much.


Hey boy, y'all are funny boy. Chad is funny. Somebody said, Chad, did you know the, did you know the French invented French fries? Yeah, they did not though. Hell nah. Oh, okay. Yeah. I ain't, I ain't, I don't be playing around like that. Now you do that Ocho Do what? What they doing right now? What? In the water?


The Dancing? No, yeah, on no, they on, they on the scaffold. That's what they at. They were Oh, I do that. Right. I mean, I do that right now. Oh. You see my buddy right here? Oh, he tripping. Oh, he trip. What is he running with? Oh, he got the torch? Yeah. Oh no, I, I don't, I don't play like that. You know, you have, you know, you know you have people that do this for a living. I forgot what they call it. There's a name for it. You know, where they, where they scale, scale high buildings and jump and start. Oh, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. They tripping. Now I've, I've seen a few cases where, you know, unfortunately some of some have failed to their death. Yeah. But they have people that actually do that for a living. I, I, well He's more like a park.


But I know you, but I know what you're saying. They, they freescale, you know, they climb the size of the building and stuff like That. Yeah. Man, they tripping man. Wow. The LV shop, you know, more tourists visit, visit France than any other country in the world. France in general. What? France? France, the country Of France. They have, they have more visitors France Right. Than any other country followed by Italy. If I'm not mistaken. The US is third. Are we, are we third?


Yeah. I would think we would be the number one country. I ain't got visited by tourists. What we got romantic. Huh? Well, we got romantic. They got the Eiffel Tower. You know And, if you go to Italy, you got, you got Milan, you got foreign, you got farms, you Rome. See, I could see, I could see You got the Mofi coast. Yeah. I, I could see Italy being first. But when I think, when I think about, when I think about Paris, the love they had the love bridge where you, you know, you put the lock on, you lock the gate. Yeah. But I think that's gone now because it got too heavy. If I, if I'm not mistaken. I could be wrong. I Could be wrong, man. I need one of them trunks. O Joe. You see them pushing them trunks, them little LV trunks? Yeah. That, that's, that's, that's a little too expensive, huh? Nah, We need somebody right there to go and, you know, get that, get that discount on them.


Listen, I can get you a trunk from Walmart and have it wrapped in Louis Vuitton. Say, I would say Pretty penny Ocho France one. Spain is two US is three. Italy is four. Italy is four. Spain. Now listen, I I done been to Spain multiple times. Multiple times to go watch El Classical, watch Barcelona. Watch Real Madrid. At what point is Spain? And why? If it's not for the architecture, Somebody talking about Compton is romantic. The trunks of 64 grand, the trunks cost 64,000 ocho.


Now, now you see, you see what I'm talking about. You see, you see the markup? Yeah. You see the markup. Now I tell you, I got a homeboy named Bobo out the city can get you a trunk right now from Walmart, And. we could wrap it in Louis Vuitton and it look exactly the same. You See what they, they call them trunks, what we used to call them. Foot lockers. Foot lockers. What? You know, what you know about that? Foot lockers? I know about that. In the military, that's where you put your stuff at. You put up on the foot, foot locker, you put your shoes, you put your stuff, and you slide it over under your bunk. Wait, you sure? That's Louis Vuitton? Yeah. I I'm sure that was, that. That was Louis Vuitton. They were rolling down that street. No, but that wasn't Louis Vuitton that my brother took to college at Dodge.


I'm, I'm looking at him carrying, carrying something a big chunk Down that was Western Auto.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brant and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've Got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders Has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders. You're a loyal viewer of the show now. You're on it. How does it feel? I am a Loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing, and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Did y'all have West NATOs when you were growing up? Nah, I don't know. I don't know what that is. Nah, Jack. Anybody know about Western Otto? Look at that. Big old, oh, ocho, we gotta get one of those Ocho We get one ocho The one that going down the stairs. Yeah, Man. Hey, What, what we gonna put in it? Hey, Ocho, I just put that so you put that on in the front. As soon as somebody they walk in, they see that. They say, oh yeah, he got paper. Oh yeah, he got paper. And I saying o for sure. It's just for show Ocho. I-I-I-I-I get you. But I want, I want people to think, I, I want people to think I don't got no money or at least I want 'em to think I don't spend it. You fooling.


I want people to think I don't spend, I'm, I'm just Say all this man played thir. This man played 11, 12 years in the NFL. He ain't got no money. Yeah. I I mean they Aint seen you in the paper talking about where are they now? So they know you got money. Chat, chat. How y'all enjoying the, the ceremony so far? Scale of one to 10, what you give it, which you give it so far. One to 10. One to 10. Oh, Joe, they say the most expensive trunk that you've seen so far was 185,000. That's all right. They got one thing right. 85. That's about it. That's the, that's the one part they got. Right. Why you gonna pay 185,000 to put shoes, to put underwear?


Come on man. Listen. Well you definitely got a, you got your own jet. If you buy one of those on your, you fly, you fly private. And I ain't talking and I'm not talking about no regular. You got a, a, a bombardier, you big boy, you got a business bowing jet, you got a Gulfstream 600, a 800. You got something like That's different. Kind of different. The funny thing about it, if you think about it, in the seventies, the eighties when they used to travel, you know they used to travel with trunks. Yes. Like you don't, you don't see, you don't see that no more. The wealthy or the rich used to travel with trunks. Yeah. Because they see the way the, they see the way that the baggage handles be throwing that ish.


They treat, they treat Louis Vuitton just like Samsonite. Just like Tomi, just like the American tourist or anything else. You don't get no special treatment. What? Whatever at all. Whatever you got is getting tossed. Hey Ocho. But you know what I put in my trunk. If I had one more lb, What, You know what I put in on no more D can you drop me? I can put up in that thing Ocho. What if they fill that thing up for ocho? Listen, that'll last me a lifetime. You can't Yeah. That, that, that's the problem. We don't want 'em to last your lifetime because at some point it's going to affect you in the long run. That's all right. I ain't here for a long time. I'm here for a good time now.


How put you, Hey Man. Hey, I had a trunk full of those, those diamonds on your Yeah. I'm gonna meet some lady that say, Hey baby. Hey, how you like your eggs? Scramble to fertilize because I can do both Now. Now we talking, now we, I gotta use that. Hold on. I gotta write that down. How's it going right now? Hey, I'm, I'm, I'm here. I'm here. Real that You hear real. Hey re how you like your egg? You like them scramble or fertilized? Because I could do both. Yeah. So listen, we beefing right now. So soon as we stop beefing, I'm gonna use that one. How you like your eggs, how you like your eggs, scramble or fertilize because I could do both.


Yes sir. Boy, she gonna get it work. Well, I'm gonna put a goddamn damn head through the headboard when I get off. This got celibacy. Oh, he finna like the caul. Well, this, this looks, I don't a I'm not sure what's going on, but this is, this is, to me it's reminiscent of gangs of New York. I'm sure that it has nothing to do with what I'm watching right now. I'm just No saying. What it reminds me of I that, this reminds me of burlesque. If anyone has seen the movie Chicago, anyone seen the movie Moan Rouge? Yeah. Mama Mia to me. Yeah.


Yeah. But you know about Mama Mia now, Just from what I've been seeing on commercials. Okay, now we switched up, we got a rock and roll band. So I'm assuming about all these performances are going on. Yeah. Do you think they didn't have that many boats and the boats go around and then pick up the next Group countries pick. Oh yeah, man. You know, they have, well, like we say, we saw like the most we've seen is that the boat had three countries on It. Right. Right. But to have two, I mean, yeah, obviously, so, but I think in, in Ocho when you do like the opening ceremony, you like, it's a omage to your country.


Right, right. Kinda like what you're known for. The history of it. So you, you play to that. Okay. You see a lot of the costumes, you see a lot of the makeups. Now, I don't know where the guitar out the window. I don't know what that is, but Okay. You know, you know you got the castles. Listen, I, I know you don't know much about, but the individual with the torch that's been, you know, hopping for some reason to reminds me of, it's a video game called Assassin's Creed. You probably won't know about it. No. But it is very reminiscent of assassin creed in live form. That's, that's, that's what he reminds me of. And I'm curious, as he continues to hop from, from structure to structure, where is he going?


I don't know. I guess he gotta make his way all the way across. It's starting to rain now. Ocho. Oh it is? Yeah. Aw man. Hey, I don't care. They can't damp on me. If, if, if I'm, if I'm an Olympic athlete, they can't damp on my spirits. I don't give a damn about no rain. It could snow for all I care. So you Going I'm at the Olympics. I'm living outta life. Think about it. Ocho you at the Super Bowl, like in Super Bowl. What was that in Miami? It started to rain. Oh, Chicago. Chicago. Chicago. Chicago And, and, and India. Yeah, It about did, right? That was 2006. What was that 2000? I forgot where year that was. Nah, nah, 2006. It might've been Oh eight. Yeah, it might've been oh eight. Huh oh six. Yeah.


Wasn't it six? Nah, I don't even think I was still, I wasn't still playing Oh six It was because that was Peyton and then Eli was was Well Devin, were Devin has to run the ball Back, open the kickoff back. Yeah. Okay, okay. Okay. I'm tripping Because my first year was in Houston. The Super Bowl was in Houston when I was at Fox. And then I think, excuse me, CBS and then the next year, what year was that Ash? Because that's when Prince started playing Purple Rain and it started to rain. Ah, yeah. That was a classic, classic, Classic, classic. That for me. That's the great oh seven. They say oh seven.


Oh seven. Man, Speak speaking. Speaking of Purple Rain, you, you just jogged my memory. The last three days I've been listening to HBCU bands. I just, I have, I have this mood where I get into just listen to the HBCU bands and god damn, listen, you know I'm Fam U Ride or Die seven of the high, the highest of the Seven Hills rattle to, to, to till death. Right. But Southern, Southern Alcorn, Jackson State, Southern Alcorn, Jackson State, yeah. They have this thing called the fifth Quarter obviously. Where you, you battle back and forth with. Oh yeah. Once the game over, Listen Southern, lemme tell you something, man.


I don't know who, I don't know who the band director is at Southern. But man, listen, our, our solution, whoever the band director is at Jackson State and Alcorn man, I salute you. Right. Because them fifth quarters, I've been locked in and you said Purple Rain. I heard Southern Play Purple Rain. This might have been 2014. They were battling Alcorn, you know, after the game. Yeah. I sit there and watch these battle, these battle of the Bands man for like five, six hours. Rel she mad. Can you turn that shit off please? And I heard him sing purple man. Play Purple Rain, huh? Man. Yeah. It don't matter. I be, you know, Ocho you know, you like when the team has the ball, you're not supposed to play.


But HB CU we don't care. We don't care who got the ball. We play, they play a, They gonna let It go now. Gotta cru. They gonna let, they gonna, they gonna let it go. Yeah. I think everybody that's, that hasn't been or doesn't know a whole lot about HBCU acu. Yeah. I think you ought should spend one semester. I think everybody just for and, and like, if you go to a pwi I, you can go to an HBCU and still get Credit And if you went to the pwi because you need to experience that ambiance. It needs to be homecoming, you need to go to the student center. You need to be on the yard when it's coming up and everybody starts to come back and they stepping and the sorrows in the yard doing they thing. You need to feel that ain't nothing like it.


Yeah. Ain't nothing like it. Listen, I wouldn't have my bro. See, go ahead Ojo. You see how me watching my daughter cross over as AK had me coming back in tears. Yeah. Because the experience, I've never felt that kind of energy from A-H-B-C-U. Yeah. So being in that environment, watching everybody like, it's like, it's like one big family, right. The energy and the aura at Prairie View a and m during that, what is it called? I know it's crossing over, but there's a word for it. Al. Yes, it's Rush. Well, okay. Yes. Listen, I, I don't know much about the Greeks and, and what they have going on, but I have much respect for it. I don't, I don't try to do the moves or any, you know, I don't, I don't mimic it, but man, that atmosphere at Prairie View a and m when my baby crosses ak, I've never experienced nothing like that.


Yeah. Ever. It's, it's, it's, you gotta, I mean, you gotta, you gotta be a part of it too, to understand it. The pageantry, the history, the, I mean, when Guy, when everybody comes back and they excited it is buzzing the electricity, you can feel it, man. Different, I think what they call the Sonic boom. Who is that? Is that Southern? The Sonic Boom, I think Southern's called, bands called the Sonic Boom. Which one is the Human Jukebox? One is the Human Jukebox and one is the Sonic Boom. I don't know which. Because you know, slam got the, the marching 100. Oh They would the marching 100 baby all day, every day. Oh. And you know, hey, you know, it's always a dance off between the drum majors, you know, so they gotta put the, they gotta come back that, Hey, they be, they be Cutting.


Hey, you know, hit that split pop up around, put the, put the stamp in the ground like Moses. Okay, now what y'all gonna do? They start ah, ah, that what I'm talking about. See none of that. But I figured that's what was going on, man. Oh, Southern, Southern is a human jukebox. Southern is the human jukebox. Jackson State is Sonic. Boom. Jackson State is the Sonic Boom. Yeah. Okay. Boy, they know boy, they know they song selection. You know the song Your tears? Yeah, your tear. The the, the gospel song. Man, look here. If there's a song, if they're a hot, you know what's gonna get played.


All. If you, every HBC you game, you go to, everybody gonna play be playing Not like us, Like us. Yeah. That you, so you about Go ahead. Hey, they gonna, they gonna be killing It from the kickoff Classic. All the way to the Heritage Classic at the end. Home. Home. Homecoming. Homecoming buy you classic. It does not matter. You gonna get that? Yeah. The song, song selection is very important. What's up baby? Look, look. Who? Just look who just walked in? Re what up? Re What's going on? He already here lying again. What happened? Talking about something. I told you to turn that shit off. What? I said baby. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah.


No, she, he Just be lying About the band music. She did. You did tell me to turn it down. Turn it off. How you doing? I'm good, Ray. Where you coming from? You already off work. I, I don't, you know, I don't go in. I'm my own boss. Oh, Shit. See that's what o that's why OOB want you around because you at home all the time. And then he don't have anything to do. He wants you to, to occupy his time. And this, and this is the, this, this is the problem. All the kids to go get manicures and pedicures. Ask her, ask her where she going tomorrow with all the kids? Where y'all going? Re Hers and Caicos. See what I mean? See what I mean?


Anytime she get a chance, she up and gone with the kids. But here I go. I'm home again by myself. No outlet, nobody to talk to. Nobody to vent to What? Go to Turks and Caco. Oh no, I'm good. I can't remember. Oh, you already know. Yeah. Yeah. It's still, I I mean we gotta handle that. But yeah, I can't. Shit, I'm on. I'm, Hey, I'm Shit together. If not, he gonna get left behind. That's Not be able to go to your own wedding. You have to do your wedding on Zoom. Oh shoot. I'ma get it. I'ma get it together. I'm get it together. I'm get it together. I'm hungry, man.


I Hold on. What happened y'all? What happened to the There's a band. The protection? Yeah, Talking about the boat. The riverboat. Yeah. I think this, I mean, I, I'm assuming they have something else in between. They got Mission. I see a band. There's a band marching. Oh, there's a guy, the assassin Cree guy. You not hungry? Yeah. Oh, he he lighting something. Oh, this is dope. Oh, he lighting the calls. Oh, That's dope. Oh, say my, my bad, my bad. Your TV's a little behind. Yeah, I'm, I'm watching, I'm watching him beat the drums.


Oh. Harry come, he running. I think you call this what? Pyrotechnics. I might, I might be wrong. I'm, I'm not really good. Hey, there's another artist that just came out. Okay. Okay. Yeah. That's pyro. Is is she, is this a singer? No. And y'all have to forgive me. I know y'all probably watching. I just, I just don't know who this is. I'm, I'm bad with artists. Chad, can you help me out on who this is? Well, damn Ocho let us get a little closer.


She might be French ocho. I know, but you know Chad know everybody man. Especially when it come to, you know the chatter or Let let them tell it. They think they know everybody or, and everything. I have no idea who this is Ocho. So I ain't finna They say she was born in, in what? Africa and her parents. Oh. Someone said her name is Aya. Nakamura. Nakamura. Okay. Okay. Okay. See, I told, I knew the chat with no chat. But chat knew everything. Yeah. I knew once they put her name up on the screen, She like, who? No, she gonna like made the stallion.


Yeah. Yeah, because I, I, that One thing, that bridge gonna have their hair laid, don't they? You said friend got that. Oh boy. They got that thing fried down to the side. Hey, she got, that's she wearing, she got 6 1 3. That's 6 1 3. You know I know about that blonde now. You know I do. I do hair now. She she got that 6 1 3 with Yeah. Yeah. That is 6 1 3. I know 6 1 3 when I see it. And whoever did her makeup did it. Perfect. 'cause norm, most of the time, the time, you know, women have a problem with, you know, when you do your makeup sometimes they don't blend it all the way through. Yeah. But hers is blended all the way through. So everything look really good. Especially with the gold.


Yeah. They didn't do too much with accessory. So she on point. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I mean, if she'd put a necklace on, I wouldn't have been mad about it, but Hey, that's her. That's her thing. She doing what she do. Hey, okay. Are we, are we not going, are we not going? Somebody talking about she look like Nene Lees And. we not, are y'all not gonna show us no more? I thought You think maybe, maybe because of the rain. They probably, they landed it a little bit. Nah, they probably got two hours OCHO in there. And this thing got the wrap bro.


What you doing? What is, what is buddy doing? Ocho? Hey, I thought he already lit the pyrotechnics. No, I'm talking about the one that was dancing behind all. You still Oh, I missed it. I missed it. You look like Me. My, my my my TV's ahead of yours. They, they back to the assassin crees guy. I would really, I would really love to know the backstory of this individual. I have no, I have no idea. Oh, that was dope.


I know he tired and, and hot, You know, so he's really moved. This isn't prerecorded like his part, his part Think is live Prerecorded. Well I'm assuming it's live. It might be prerecorded. His probably prerecorded. Yeah, I would, I would, I would think his is prerecorded. 'cause all this running that's, that's impossible. I just, I don't know. Maybe, maybe, maybe that's all fault Ocho for thinking that.


Oh, there we go. There we go. We Back. We back. We back. Yeah. We back the first river vote. First country we got Columbia. We got three countries on one boat. We see Columbia, Cyprus and Oh yeah, it must be raining for real. Columbia has 88. 88 athletes. Cypress got 15. Wait, Cypress. Where, where? Where's Cypress? Cypress In Columbia. Cypress, Columbia. And there's one more. I couldn't see who that was. Oh, look at, look at, look at Curry Asia, Wilson.


Oh, that, that was Omoro. Omoro Is that, I'm assuming that's somewhere in Africa. Yes, Man, you see a all black in Kenya. You sweaty from Africa? I, I mean, I just, I mean then the name C-O-M-O-R Ro No Congo. There we go. Man. Aja Wilson always gonna have her drip. Boy. She got a, that shirt tied up, got tied it up back. Hey, hey, Asia gonna be on her thing all but She be stepping. Yeah. Fact, you know what? All the w all the wme. Oh, You see that? A But they, you think, you think they all have personal stylists cut?


I'm sure a lot of them do they be, they they be cutting. Yeah. Yeah, they be cutting. Oh, they def they step, they like, okay, Well they coming. Oh yeah, they, they, they, they be on, they be on, they be on their thing. For real though. Cook Islands. Okay. Try To Republic Congo, Cook Islands China or is that Japan? No, that's China. No, that's South Korea tripping. Oh, Repub. Yeah. Okay. Republic. Republic of Korea. Oh. I go, they ain't got but one athlete who Cook Island?


No, they, it looked like they said, I thought I saw three. The Cook Island. That's gotta be near Australia, I think. Ocho. You think so? I think so. Look that up, man. Oh, Costa Rica. Costa Rica got about what, three four athletes. Okay. Did they name it after Cook? So, oh, it's in the South Pacific Ocean Ocho. It's by Polynesia. So lemme go on over here to the front. Lemme go over here to Southeast, south Pacific. Polynesia, Polynesia. That the Polynesian, that sounds far Costa speaking of.


Oh man. You wait, you probably, I See the Marsh Islands. Philippine. Hey, There's a Polynesian. So you, you say a Polynesian, there's a Polynesian restaurant that's coming back. They closed, I think due to Covid. Who Called Tovo. Now I know this is Africa, but I don't know, I have never heard of this Ivory Coast. Is that what that is? The Ivory Coast? I mean, yeah. Ba would it sound like with The orange, white and green flag? Yeah, that's Ivory Coast. Okay. The deer drove by. Yeah, did Deer drove by. Oh, Cuba.


Cuba. Croatia, Cuba. Cuba's right after that, everybody got their umbrellas out. It's definitely raining. I see. Is that Switzerland or Sweden? Sweden is, gr is like yellow and blue. Okay. Switzerland is red White. That, that's Denmark. I'm tripping. That's Denmark. That's Denmark. Oh, so it's neither one Cuba. Yeah. Denmark and Cuba are, are sharing the same river Boat. Cuba used to. Hey, they used to put some boxes out. Boxes and waiting up. Oh, Cuba? Yeah. Oh Listen, Cuba, Puerto Rico. Yeah, absolutely. They used to be Woo.


Oh, I bet you don't know where this is. dg uti DG Boutique. I know. I need spell check on that. My goodness. Chad, does anybody know where that is? dg. uti Man. I Know. Oh, DR somebody say you got the world globe out but can't find shit. Yeah, you, I can't.


I found jab booty. Oh, you found it. You found it for real. Where is, where is it? No, I said I found Jab, booty. I didn't find what you said. Oh, jab Booty is up under Yemen off the coast of it's officer. So Molly and right Ethiopia. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. That, that's new for me. I I've never heard of that before. I'm, I, I apologize for anybody if I butchered the butcher, the, the, the, the saying, Who is this? The mini? Yeah, Dr. Nah, there ain't no Dr. That's the mini Conno. Oh. Oh yeah.


I must, I must be back. Oh, El Salvador. Okay. Egypt. I know where that is. Oh yeah. Yep. I know, I know where that is, baby. Just so y'all don't think I alive Egypt right there. Hey. Hey. I wonder, I wonder if my globe is here. You think it, you think it's gonna come while we, while we filming? I don't know. It's supposed to be there two days ago. What? Yeah, I got, you know, I had, I went to the store. I forget what it was, but it was going out of business and I had a, I got a globe that, that stands. Yeah. Big one. I ain't get the big one. 'cause they had the be I was like, man, that's too big. But it's a little bigger than this. Right. Globe never came. Yeah. She she just said it never came.


Yeah. Because now, now I'm excited. I want me a globe so I can find, Damn. That was, that was the, that was the objective. You and I were gonna see who could find the country first. I definitely was gonna win that. You gotta understand because I, I took geography when I was at, when I was at Yale. Yeah, I know. Huh? Just Why would I lie? I had, I had was one semester at Yale and one semester at Harvard. You ain't even know me. You ain't even know me back then. She already know you lying though, Man. She didn't even know me back then. Oh. Central African Republic. I'm Finn to get, Hey, when they come back with the, the a the African countries. I'm coming. I'm gonna get 'em. Here's another one who I, I, I can't even pronounce that.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. That, that be, I know that one. Yeah. Yeah. How do you know that one? Because I just saw it. I told you I found it earlier. There it is right there. Okay. Okay. Okay. What I remember I told you I was looking for, I found Djibouti in the region. Right? And I found it. Yeah. It was right above Djibouti, off the coast of Yemen. This is between Saudi Arabia, Yemen, sedan. Woo. That's a long flight. Goy.


That's Spain. Okay. Estonia. And I know, I know where Estonia is. Rafael, Dal and Raz. Wait, are they, they're the flag bearers or no? Estonia? Yeah, Sini. They have three athletes. Sini. I wonder, I wonder where that is. Man. They ain't even got Glenville on this map. They don't have Who? Glenville Hey. there go Turks and Caicos O Joe that I find out where you not gonna be going?


That's fine, that's fine. I listen, I gotta work. I gotta work anyway. I gotta fly to Cleveland tomorrow anyway. I gotta work. You gotta fly. Where? I gotta fly to Cleveland? I have a sign signing to do with Fanatics. Okay. Oh, South Africa. S Yt is in South Africa. Okay. Okay. See the chat. Know every goddamn thing. Yeah, Google. Oh, you don't think, you don't think they know? They stop How You gotta think now? Some people, Fiji, I think we can get fi I know. We know what Fiji is. Ocho Fiji. Yeah. They got some good, they got some good water. I don't think that's the same to Fiji. We talk about Ocho.


That's where the water come from. Whatcha talking about? Nah, that water. Hey, that water came from a plant around the corner. I, Hell no. Oh, it's raining hard. Dude. Dude on the Gaon. Gavin. Gaon Gavin. They have five athletes. Gaon, that's in Africa. Okay. Gabo Gaon. Because you know, they had the Gabo Viper, you know, that's one of the most, he got the, got the longest fangs. It's a, it's a viper probably about, probably about three feet, four feet maybe.


Yeah. Thick. So I guess that's where the go. The Gabo Viper comes from French country in Central Africa. Okay. Nigeria. Somebody say, damn, UNC. So you don't think we not smart enough to know where these country's at? Yeah. Oh yeah. With Google. So I guess, damn chat, man. I'm trying to find something and buddy playing the piano. I, I, I wish I could hear what he's playing.


And it's raining. It is raining on the piano.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else, straight from the source, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the Minute news from around the league, Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How does it feel? I am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, we appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing, and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I loved this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus, serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Where is Madagascar? Y'all need to come on with Madagascar. Well, I got my phone. You know a Madagascar right? Isn't it? Is it in Africa? You see the I movie? Is that Africa? Is that the bottom of Africa? Yeah. You remember the E-E-S-W-A-T-I-N-A? Yeah. Somebody just said it. Somebody said yes. Somebody just said it. It's, it's off. It's below pastoria of to the, looks like it's to the, to the east of, right? Well, Madagascar should be there somewhere too. Yeah. Madagascar. Madagascar.


I told you it's a, it's a lot of water in between. Yeah, I saw, I saw the movie with my kids. Yeah. I'll never forget that. Oh, the face shells off the coast. Look at the face shells. That's when you say you want to go, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's a long flight there, boy. You can have that. That's all. That's all right. You can have that. Well, with a couple of them with a pack of like, I probably need to buy a 12 pack of what? 12 pack? Wait for the flight. Yeah. A 12 pack of them things. You gotta go. At least you gotta go at least for two weeks. It's gonna take you a day just to get two weeks. Yeah. Ocho it gonna take, oh hell. O it's gonna take you 24 hours to get there.


Yeah, that, that's why I won. Huh? That's why I won't be, listen, I had to take this one here to the Maldives, not the mal. Yeah, the Maldives for her birthday. It took us a whole day to get there. We had to stop in Dubai. Oh, George, look at, that's Teleco. I know him. Super heavy weight. Weightlifter world record holder. I I missed it. Ghana, Australia, That got something about Wheel, how keep them coming. Yeah. See, what they needed to do was keep the African nations, all of 'em right behind one another. I coulda got em gone right Here.


They're cheating. Well, I mean, listen, Ghana, Ghana is is Universal. Being able to find on the globe that Don't count damn Ocho. Some of the m some of the smaller countries that we struggling to find. Yeah. And yet there there are few I never even heard of before. But that's the thing though, Ocho, a lot of 'em, some of these countries just got independence, say the last 5, 10, 15 years. And a lot of times we need maps. Maps ca The Globes and maps came out. They weren't, they were part of another country, so they country would travel. I see he St. Kits and Nevis, Anguilla, San Lucia, Barbados, Grenada, Trinidad and Tobago. Great. Those, Those places are beautiful, man. Wait, is that USA?


There We go. Where we at? Oh, you guys Great Britain Tom da and he Heaven Glover. Tom Daley's a diver. I thought they said no commercials. Man. They gotta pay for this somehow. There's the US right there. It's the NFL commercial. They, that's gonna cut, that's gonna cut short. I'm sure. Yeah. There we go. There's Tar Tamra Davis. The long jumper. Ooh, good hit. Ah, man. How y'all gonna cut right to before y'all, Oh, they talking about the Raven Chief game on Peacock. Yeah. September 5th. Ooh, that's gonna be a good game.


Rich Guyana. Sarah Nam guy. I know what Guyana, that's where James Jones, you know, they committed that mass suicide. I'm gonna see if I can find the US on the, on the globe. Jim Jones. Who? I say James. Jim Jones. Yeah. Jim. What was that? 79? The only Jim Jones I know is, is Dipset. So you, you teaching me something new?


78. Come on there. Damn commercial. Oh, siRNA. siRNA. They want a gold medal. Anthony Nesty, who happens to be the swimming and diving coach at the University of Florida in 84. He won the gold medal. If he won the gold medal. And I think it's the only time that they won a medal. And I think he might be the first, I, I don't know how they black or whatever. I don't think he, obviously he's not American, but the winner of the Olympic, well he was the first. I think Simone Manuel has won one since And. we know we've had part of a team, but an individual goal.


Anthony, I'll never forget that. 1980 in 1984. Jordan. Now What he run like, I think it, I think it went up the freestyle. The hundred freestyle. Freestyle. I like it. I like it. I like it. Who is this? In the middle of Great Britain. There we go. Haiti sock by say baby Mabu leg. Okay. Got my, got my Zs out there, baby. Let's go.


How many athletes they got look like? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. I missed it. Seven. They got seven. Is that Tanza? No, that's not Tanzania. Oh, that's Honduras. Okay. Honduras. Honduras has four. Four athletes. Okay. Now what country is that? Oh, Hong Kong, China. Why is the flag? The flag Is different. Hong Kong? No, Hong Kong and China are two different, it's two different things. It said Hong Kong, China. I mean, you'll see it's, Well, Hong Kong took it over. I mean, China took it over. But, but okay. That's, we, that's a whole different, that's a whole different era. We're talking about that at a later date in time. Right, right. But you see the flag. Why is the flag like that?


It's different Because remember when, what's the guy, the, the former general manager of the Rockets when he got in trouble. Okay. Yeah. I'm, I'm getting history lessons. No, Who's that man? Get these. Oh, hungry India. They got a great swimmer. She's the, I think she's the hundred. She might be the 200. Im champ.


See In Indonesia, they, hi, they hype Indonesia. India. India. They got a good, they good shooter. They got a good shooter. A javelin Grower. Yeah. Hey, it is arching Arch Archery. Archery is part of the Olympics this year. Oh, Joe. Yeah. You wanna spell Indonesia? Me? Yeah, That's easy. You, Joe. Damn, That's easy. Go Ahead.


I-N-D-O-N-E-S-I-A. Yep. Indonesia, what you doing? What you Hey. Hey. What? One thing, one thing which you, you should never do or never doubt man, is this hard at all? Education. Iran have great, they have weightlifters yin weightlifters normally are very, very good in Iran. Yeah. Wrestlers are normally very, very good in Iran. Ireland, They had the world record holder and the super heavyweight Husain Rosada, Iraq Con McGregor, Peacock guy Con Connie McGregor from Ireland, right?


Correct. Yeah. Iceland. Hey, you watch, you, you, you watch an Iceland soccer game and the, the fans and the crowd have this thunder clap that they do. Right. Is really dope. Really, really dope. I wonder if anybody in the chat knows about Iceland and the thunder clap. Nah, I always wanna see the, the, the night lights in Iceland. The night lights. What's that? It's the Northern Lights. Oh, the, oh, okay. I know what you talking about. That's the place I wanted to visit that you didn't want to go to. So If somebody in the chat said, damn, UNC just gave up on the globe, Israel, I can find Israel.


I got that right quick. Lemme, lemme spin the globe right quick. Get real. I think that's in the middle, right? Oh my goodness. Italy. Italy lit. Oh yeah, Marco, he's the black bear. He's the reigning actually here. Martin, em tied for the high jump. Gian Marco. Tam Ariana or Eagle. He was at the celebrity basketball game. Ocho, he he can jump. Yeah. Yeah. Hell yeah. Wait, how tall is he though? He probably like, He thin he probably like six three.


Jamaica. I be, I could find Jamaica. Yep. I mean that's the, I'm they didn't have Ika Jackson Represent Jamaica the flag, but yeah. Or no, Shelly Ann. Shelly Ann Shelly Ann Frazier. Okay, because This is our last Olympics. I thought they would've had Shelley Ann carrying the flag. This is dope. Paris Rube Ojo. You ever been to the Eiffel Tower? Of course. A bunch of times, bunch of times. Took, Took red.


I'm I'm gonna go get me a selfie. I gotta get me a selfie with somebody do at Apple Alpha Tower. Yeah. You, you, you, well, you, you just, you just left Paris, didn't you? I was in CAIRs. I was in CAIRs and Okay, okay, okay. In Bordeaux. Okay. Yeah. Paris Paris is nice. Paris in Eiffel Tower. Eiffel Tower. Eiffel Towers. Nice. You'll, you'll enjoy it. Are you gonna go in and and take the tour or? No, I probably had already done been in by the time we get over there and take that selfie.


Of course. Oh. Oh man, We gotta get us some. Oh, 28 gonna be lit. You know the Olympics coming to to, to LA in 28. Oh Yeah. Yeah. It's gonna, it's gonna be nice man traffic. Right. The horrible The who? The traffic. Traffic Already horrible. They might just the four, five, but just, they might as well start extending the lanes on the 4 0 5 right now. Find a way. Yeah. So let's see what else I can find right here before we go. Oman, Saudi Dominion, Ethiopia, you know they got runners.


Oh yeah. All day, every day. Kenya Faith, ki Yagon, South Sudan is between Ethiopia and the Central African Republic, Congo, Uganda, Kenya, you know, Kenya got, you know, Kenya got the runners, Man. Every since 68 when the legendary kept Kano because you know they in the Riff Valley, which is in east, they above their altitude. Yeah. So when they come down, that's where you see people go to go to Arizona Flags staff or they go to Colorado Springs. Where Olympic training facility is when they go to Big Bear, something that's, you know, six, 7,000 feet above sea level.


Right. Kenya already have that in the Riff Valley. So that's why those guys are able to, to run because they're already training at sea level. I mean, the altitude, excuse me. Hey, my favorite cartoon, rusty Dominion, rusty Russell Westbrook just signed with the Nuggets after his second buyout from the Utah Jazz. Right. Yeah. That's dope. That's my guy. Just might be to push the nuggets need next year.


Extra body, extra legs, great energy compliment. Yo. I mean, talking about Yoic compliment, how you say his name? Yeah, yo Yoic. And Is it Murray? Murray, right? Yeah. Jamon Murray. Michael Porter Jr. Yeah, Aaron Gordon. Oh yeah. That's, that's a nice, you know, coming off the bench. Come on, give us some names. Let me find somebody right quick. Lemme spin the globe. Oh, is she singing? I can't hear. Yeah, can tell. Like y'all didn't know. I told y'all that. There Wason right there.


It took you, took you 40 minutes to find her. Okay. Now You see, Hey, you ever been lost? You ever showed us somewhere late? I'm sorry I'm late. I got lost. Exactly. Yeah, exactly. It's point. Oh, it's, oh, you can see the rain clear. Well, that's a French flag. So clearly she's French Chad. Anyone know who this is singing? Oh, it's the French anthem. Okay. Okay.


That's macaron Prime Minister. I know Beijing got this greatest opening ceremony. Who They went back To? They went back to commercial. Oh, it's an Olympic commercial though.


Well, since then, commercial break. Let me find out all the places that I, I won't be going. Nah, Ocho, I'm going, I'm going, I'm going, I'm going next year. You know I'm gonna take my time. Hey Ocho, Yo Cook Islands. You found It? I there. It's right there, But ain't nothing over for that. But water that. If, hey Hojo, it's in the middle. Hey bro, it's little past America. Samo Samo and in between the French Polynesia. So, Hey, that's, Listen, that's too, that's too much water to be surrounded By. I don't, did James Cook, did he name that?


I, I be He did. Who Cook was named after you See you laughing. Ojo named after James Cook Series. Yeah, that's what they did. They discovered say, oh yeah, I'm gonna name this. I come, Hey, ain't nobody else been here. Oh, this is what we gonna call this James Cook. Cook Cook Allen. All. I like it. I like it. I, I've named a few things my, you know what I'm saying? Don't show that between me and you though.


I've named a few things myself. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then listen, if you can't name 'em, you leave something behind. Yeah. Yeah. I named something myself. You know what I'm saying? Hey, let me, let me stop before I get in trouble in here. Yeah, We know what happened to him. I think he was the native. I think they ended up killing him. They, oh, they killed Mr. Cook If I'm not mistaken. I think they did. Damn. It's been a long, it's been a while since, you know, most of my history was focused on black history and who we got.


So I'm going through the Seychelles O Ocho Man, that's too far, man. And you talking about spending two weeks and that's too long. What about 10 days? 10 days is two weeks. Huh? 10 14 days is two weeks. Nah, you don't count the weekends When you talk about the week. The week is the Monday through Friday. Friday, okay. Okay. Four Days. What I'm gonna do, you know what Ocho I'm gonna tell I'm gonna the Globe and where my finger land, that's where I'm going.


All right. And wherever you, wherever it is, I'm gonna spell it first too. You ain't spin the globe yet Here. It's alright. I'm spinning it. Spinning the globe. But that shit needs some WD 40. Oh man. I ain't gonna be able to go there. It stopped. No, it stopped. No Korea. There you go. Hell Doc. Lemme, lemme give it another spin. I'm like, hey, just like the Wheel of Fortune. You know when you spin the wheel and they'll go all the way around. I gotta spin it again. Spin again. There. It's right there. There it's right there. We stop. What?


Okay. Damn. Can't go there landing on, I ran. Damn. I don't think, I don't think the globe want me to. I don't think the globe want me to travel O Joe. I quit It stopped doing Korea. It done stopped in Korea. Stop that in Iran. I'm good. I think I better stay my black as right here in the us. Hold on, hold on one more time. Three times through Talent. Char. Try more. Try one more. That joke got me going. China.


Good. I'm good. Three for three, man. I'm going. I ain't going nowhere man. All the places, man. All the places I could have went, I Korea to China. I'm done. Hey boy, you got me crying. I'm stay right here. I ain't going nowhere. I Tried y'all. I tried to take a vacation, but I ain't damn it something. Tell me I ain't supposed to go nowhere. Damn. She still Singing.


Hold On, Hold on. I know my, I know I got a little delay Ocho, but she's still singing to Anthem And she must be singing a different song now. I go, oh man, Chad. Hey, is hell no? Is she? Oh Man. Oh hell nah. But you got my stomach. Yeah. Nah man.


We talking about, oh, cheated. Okay. No cheated then. Globe cheated. Oh shit. Oh hell no. Hold on. I need, I need paper towel for my face. Hold on. Oh, Oh shit. Yeah. Nah, Hold on. Okay, we back, we back, we back. Ooh, That's Jordanna right there. That's Japan. Excuse me. I've been to, I've been to Japan a couple times.


4 35 athletes. Well, you know, they good at a lot of stuff. Hey, when it comes a Hey go Tico. Look at Peyton. Hey, I need what you call them. I needed them to have, I need producers in my ear telling me to correct pronunciation of these, these countries and these people names Ocho. Yeah. And I need to have rehearse like Tico did for like Jordan. Yeah, I know what Jordan is. Hey, how, how, how do you pronounce that with a K? Kazakhstan? Ka, how you say it? Kazakhstan? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Kenya. They go Kenya. Okay.


Alexander Vena Koff. He won the, he won the tour De France. He's from Kazakhstan. Peyton Manning got the The playbook. Yeah, he got the name, he got the correct name. And for phonetic. Oh, this Ken right here. Ojo. Yeah. My remember my TV's a little head? Oh yeah. Okay. A little bit. Man, I love Tico, man. Tico make everything, anything sound interesting you see?


Yeah. Is it? That's what I need. That's what I need. Peyton. It's another one I ain't heard of before. Car, car Carti ki. Hold on. I don't know who that is. I ain't never heard of that place right there. That's gotta be a new what? Hold on. What You hear a body? Yeah. Kosovo. Well, I know what Kosovo is. Where where is that? They were, they were fighting. That's, hold on, lemme see. Lemme get over here. Lemme get over here in Europe. Lemme, lemme get to Europe. Kosovo.


Chad. Where's Kosovo? Hold on. Oh, okay. Here I'm out here. The Ukraine. Okay. Turkey, Georgia. Armenia, Syria. Kosovo. Kosovo, Kosovo. Here. Stan. Oh, here. Here's that place that just came by. OY say heard of it with the red Lyos Kuwait. What's that? That's the one that just came by with the red. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. K-Y-R-G-Y-Z-T-A-N.


Cze. Stan Turkestan or Stan Georgia. Armina. Where? Kosovo, Romania, Laia Le Otto. That's a, that's a new one for me as well. La Otto. That Laotian, is that, is that la Not the country. Not like African Latian, Lavia, Latvia. Yeah.


This is nice. I'm assuming the, I'm assuming those Lebanon, I'm assuming those, those ramp, those ramps are wet. So the the guys on the bikes really can't do what they, what they, what they're supposed to be doing so nobody gets hurt. Liberia. Oh man. I like, I like what they're wearing. Listen, See the Liberia because that's the, that that was the thing. Ocho, you know, you wanted to see the outfits. Yeah. I, I like that. Lebanon. Okay. I like that. That's nice. They got four Ocho. They got four countries on that boat. Liberia, Liberian Girl Ain't my world.


Thelma Davies. And Emmanuel. Mat. Libya. Libya might said Latvia has good food. West Africa. Man, Africa's so big, man. Oh my goodness. I can't pronounce this. I can't even, I can't even get that one out. See if you can pronounce the next one coming up. It starts with a L Get the la get Lichtenstein.


Is that what you That's the word Lichtenstein. Yeah. Right before Lithuania. That's Lichtenstein. Nah, I don't think that. I don't think that. I don't Think that right. Lichtenstein, Lithuania. That's where s Marona is from. That's where, what's the guy from the kings Saboni? That's where he's from. His dad ar Beatus. Saboni Luxembourg. I know where that is. Yeah. Libya. Libya. Here's Libya right here. Somebody say, where is Libya?


Right there? Yes. Whoever just asked in the chat. Jamaica did go past already. Yes. Jamaica's gone past. I think they were on the, on the same. But with China. Macedonia. If I'm not, I'm not mistaken. Madagascar. There we go. Yeah. Madagascar. Hey. The fact that they have break dancing As an Olympic sport. As An Olympic sport, and they decide to have it when I'm old. Gotta do it. You say you could play football, you should be able to spin handstand. You crum it. Missed it. Yeah. It's more, it's more to it than just that.


I know more to it. That just like more than playing football, than just running. Yeah. I mean, yeah, Yeah, Yeah. You won't even get broke up breaking Madagascar. He wanted to do it. Do it not do it, do it. I thought I forgot what that animal, I think that animal, that animal was a lemur. What? You saw Madagascar? Yeah. That's funny. That's a funny movie, man. Oh, you talking about when, who was that with that Chris Rock and, and, and, and Jada Pick. Yeah. They were the voices. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah.


Escape the Madagascar. The Volume.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the Field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And. we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then there's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast, featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport by Carolo Judy Batista and NFO Network's, team of experts. The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders Podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.