
You're listening to an iHeart podcast, Ryan Seacrest here. When you have a busy schedule, it's important to maximize your downtime. One of the best ways to do that is by going to chumba casino.com. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino games like fin slots, bingo and solitaire that you can play for free for a chance to redeem some serious prizes. So hop on to chumba casino.com now and live the chumba Life, sponsored by Chumba Casino. No Purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions. Apply


Life insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to communities and local economies through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers


Memorial Day savings are here at the Home Depot. So take your kitchen to the next level with up to 35% off, plus up to an extra $450 off select appliances like lg. Plan your get togethers with an LG refrigerator you can count on for years to come at the Home Depot. And with the Connected Thin Queue app, you'll know if the door is left open and when to change the filter. Spend less time worrying this Memorial Day with savings on lg America's most reliable appliance brand at the Home Depot. Offer valid May 15th through June 4th. US only C store or online for details.


Hi, I am Dove quince. One way to help manage type two diabetes is to regularly exercise. My exercise program can help get you into a routine that works for you. Keep in mind managing blood sugar also takes the right diet. Hi, I'm celebrity Chef Franklin Becker. Ever since I was diagnosed with type two diabetes, I've adapted my cooking style without sacrificing flavor. If you wanna learn more tips about diet And exercise, visit My type two transformation.com.


The volume, Aren't y'all a fan? Pointed out the Colt's social media account has only posted throws of Daniel Jones and none of Anthony Richardson. Have the Colts already decided they're going with Daniel Jones? I I, I don't, I don't think so. I I don't think, I don't think so. I I I doubt it. I doubt it. Obviously when it comes to quarterback competition between Anthony Richardson and, and Daniel Jones, I think that's a, that's one that Anthony Richardson would win. Obviously right now, what they're doing right now, I don't think it's a a a a, a testament to who would be the starter.


Even if there is a quarterback competition, I really think that Anthony Richardson would win that out. Obviously having the edge, knowing the offense, Man, you ain't paying no guy no $14 million to sit on the bench. Oh, so they what other backup quarterback, You know, making 14 million. Okay, So you think they The third one on the team, Throw him in there? Huh? Based based on, No, I'm just saying I think there's a quarterback. I think there's a quarterback competition. You said you don't think there's a quarterback competition? I think there's a quarterback competition or Wise would they get that? Man? 14 i, One thing Anthony Richards has a head start on that quarterback competition because he knows the offense. Yes, I agree. He knows the offense. So if you, if you allow him to beat you out, I think it's more politics because they're paying Daniel Jones 1414 goddamn million.


And I think they'll just get, Bro, I took you number three over all I put, I put $38 million in your pocket, guaranteed. I guarantee your whole damn contract. What you mean it is politics, is politics that Anthony Richardson hadn't gotten better and the things that he was doing wasn't conducive for you being a starting quarterback and being King Jones is the answer. Because we saw him in New York. What's The question? What's the question? You said Daniel Jones answer. I need to know what the question, did he go to Duke? Yes. Is his name Daniel Jones? Yes. I mean, you can't just say, do I think Daniel Jones the answer?


I need to know the, I'm just running down everything you said. I was just running down everything you said that Anthony, Anthony Anthony Richardson didn't do. Saying, well, hell, what you think is gonna happen when, when God Daniel Jones is there, it's gonna be, we all of a sudden he gonna go from what he was last year and all of a sudden just be, be what Tom Brady this year? No, absolutely not. No. I think the thing is, but what is that Daniel Jones Is who he is In your third year, did they bring another receiver in and they have him compete Two. Oh no, because by the time I hit my second year, I would, I had to ride I out. Okay. Thank you. That's all I need to say there. Not that was not only the Coast gaff they've made in the last 24 hours. The coast ended up deleting the schedule release video that is done by Minecraft style and included a dolphin word, a 10 Tyreek Hill jersey being pulled over by the Coast Guard.


Remember what happened to opening day? Yeah. And an apology. The code said we've removed our schedule release video because it exceeded our rights with Microsoft and included an in insensitive clip involving Do receiver Tyreek Hill. We sincerely apologized to Microsoft and Tyre. It wasn't fucking insensitive. Tyreek ain't one of them. Goddamn. Oh my God. Why did you do that? He loved it and he Tweeted it. He, he said, you should have left it up at Col. This Was funny. Yeah, it it was funny. It was that, that, I mean, people have to understand when you make jokes about certain individuals, you, you have to know who you're doing it to. Someone like Tyreek right, is going to laugh at that. He's not one of those overly sensitive people.


And obviously I'm, I'm assuming the people in at the Colts don't know it. And maybe other people would get upset for Tyreek. Tyreek wouldn't care. It was funny. You damn tyreek, Microsoft, they tie your ass up with rights now, now they got more money than their whole NFL, all the NFL. What mean you, you don't wanna be messing with them. Mojo. There's certain thing, there's certain things you can do. Like all I, I don't even care. And there's certain things when it comes to the, the big companies like this that's sitting on 3, 4, 5, 600, a billion dollars in cash. Don't fool with a mojo. It ain't even worth it. Take it down. I'm Sorry. Okay. I, I see what you mean. Just, Hey Ocho, you just apologize and keep It moving.


Yeah. And keep it moving. Some of, some of the, the schedule releases and the creativity from some of the teams I really enjoyed. I really enjoyed it. And that's Ocho this is why we have to be super, super cautious. Right? I told Ash we are not showing another video. We make sure we ask, can we show this on our platform, make sure we get it, and then we gonna screenshot it because the last thing we want somebody to do is say, yeah, you can do it and then erase it. And we ain't got nothing out. We ain't giving no permission. Nah, you screenshot that Ash. But that got us, that got our ass burned. We had a 90 day, we in prob in in probation in hell.


And then the dude took all the, all the money that, the revenue that we want that got, that we got from the video. That's that whole episode. Probably he done ran through that. Now he ain't got no more of that left. Oh, Joe, you remember the guy that DMed you last week? Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. He got upset like, bro, you gave us permission to show the thing. You gave us permission to show it. Oh, I thought I, I sent, I sent asked a message and I, You know, I was the man at whatever because I, I believe it was the issue. I was like, well, if it was the issue, I mean, man, where you at? What's, what's your location? So you could tell me what you're talking about in person.


I asked three times, You know, I mean, if you're feeling like, listen, I listen, I didn't say anything bad. Huh? I ain't say anything bad. I just, that's a long time. I'm trying to get, I'm trying to get Miami. You from Miami? He, he, he took, he took it. He took it away. But, You know, I was like, bro, so you just bypassed what I said. So you only heard what OCHO said? I didn't say Nothing bad. I just said that takes too long for me. I like to get in and out, You know, in and out. That all. But he missed the point where I said, before you said that Ocho, I said, man, yeah, that's $300 work easy for the haircut, the facial, the shave, the trim. Yeah, that's $300. So he bi But again, Ocho, we talked about that. Remember the way we're wired, we only hear the negative.


He bypassed the positive and I went longer. I went longer with the positive than you did saying that it take too long. I went way longer, but that's what he heard. But with my man, you afraid Fact, fact Gonna get served. I'm gonna go get it. You ain't got no damn cut. You ain't only one. I'ma I'm gonna give him through. Matter of fact. Yeah. I'm gonna give, Well let him do, let him shave your head with that straight razor. No, because I get bumps. I get bumps. I'm gonna, That thing look like that, like a ni crunch. It would. Hey, I'm, I, I don't, I don't know where it's at. I'm gonna have to ask patient. I'm going, I'm going to get that treatment. I'm gonna record it too. Yeah, man, I had, we had a dude on our team, I ain't gonna call his name.


He shave, he shaved with one of de disposable razors. Oh. Oh, un under here. It got Man look like he stuck his face in a, Hey, we call it bump daddy. It took, it took me one time. It took me one time to do it. I forgot, I forgot. I think it was 2007. The barber, I was in a rush. So he said, well, let me use this on you. And he used the electric. Oh yeah. Oh, the electric. Oh my god. Punk boy. It took about two, it took about two days. Man. All this up under here, man. Look like a damn Nestle Crunch. Alright. Ocho Derek Henry and the Baltimore Ravens reached an agreement today on a two year $30 million extension that includes 25 million fully guaranteed over the next two seasons per Todd France athletes, first it's the largest deal in NFL history for a running back over the age of 30.


Yeah. D Henry is 31. Yeah. I mean, rightfully you like It, right? Ab abso absolutely, Rightfully so. You know what you get, You know what you get when You know what you're gonna get from him. You understand how he take care of his body. He's a model citizen in the community on the field. Yep. So there's really no reason not to reward him for what he gonna do in the future. You're not paying him for what he's already done. You paying him for what You know he is gonna do in the future because he's taking care of his body. And so based on the team they have around him, You know, he's gonna be productive no matter what. Yeah. Because the onus of the offense isn't just predicated on him by himself. You gotta worry about that quarterback Bingo.


So you can, you can, you could pay him that kind of money and understand he won't be all right. I love it. I love the deal. I love the Ravens. I've always been a team that reward their players. Yeah. So I have no problem with this deal running back. James Cook applauds the deal. Congrats. He steals without an extension. He wants 15 per year. He was on the show. He is like, Hey, I think I've shown my worth. I've, I've shown my value. I, as of right now, the bill's like, okay. They don't seem to be like they're doing, they don't seem to be like they're doing anything. Obviously they tied up Josh Allen. Yeah, they got him tied up. I think they redid Russo. I think they redid his deal.


So it's gonna be very interesting to see how this thing plays out. They have until, You know, hey, at some point in time before the season to get a deal done. Go ahead. I think they'll get it done for him. I think they're gonna get it done for him. Because one of the things that relieved some of the pressure off of Josh Allen is not the receiving corps, is having that young bull in the backfield. Yep. And being able to not only carry the ball and take some of the pressure off Josh Allen, but being able to catch the ball out the backfield as well. He can do so much. He's a Swiss army. Like he can do so much for them offensively. They got to reward him again. Another one who you can pay going forward based on what he's going to do in the future. Because he, he's young. Unc. Yeah.


You gotta take care of him. You got to.


Hi, it's Nora McInerney, host of the Headstart, embracing the journey. Join us for season three as we bring you more intimate conversations with real people living with chronic migraine. Our guests share everything how they found the doctor that is right for them navigating their treatment journey and their efforts to be present in the moment. In spite of it all, you'll get a glimpse into their day-to-day navigating not just the physical symptoms, but the effects chronic migraine attacks have on their careers, their relationships, and their family life. If you're new to the show, there are 14 episodes already out and worth a listen. I'll be joined yet again by headache specialist Dr. Christopher Ryan, who will give us his unique perspective. It is time we create more space for empathy and understanding for this invisible chronic illness. So listen to the head start embracing the journey on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. This show is brought to you in partnership with AbbVie


Life Insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to communities and local economies through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


Living with HIV. Continue to live authentically and embrace every possibility. Do consider how you stay undetectable. Do learn about Doto. Doto is a complete HIV treatment by prescription only for some people, 12 and older. Your doctor will determine if doto is right for you. Do find out how many medicines are in your HIV pill. Most HIV pills contain three or four medicines. Doto is as effective with two medicines. No other complete HIV pill contains fewer medicines than doto do embrace every day. It is unknown if doto is safe and effective. If you have HIV and hepatitis B. If you have Hep B, don't stop doto without talking to your doctor as it may get worse or harder to treat. Don't take doto if you're allergic to its ingredients or taking dofetilide due to serious or life-threatening side effects. If you have a rash or allergic reaction symptoms, stop dova and get medical help right away. Other serious or life-threatening side effects include severe liver problems and lactic acid buildup. If you're female or obese, you may be more at risk. Tell your doctor about your medicines or supplements, medical conditions, liver or kidney problems, pregnancy, breastfeeding, or plan pregnancy. Do ask your doctor about fewer medicines. Visit doto.com or call 1 8 7 7 8 4 4 8 8 7 2 to learn more


Morning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical. Hey, it's vlo plus here to debunk the conspiracy. Less is more total lie. Why? Because more is more With vlo plus more taste, more strengths, more comfort. Discover the nicotine pouch with more@velo.com. That's VEL o.com. Underage sale. Prohibited Velo plus is an artificially tobacco flavored synthetic nicotine pouch product website. Restricted to age 21 plus copyright 2025 MBI


Bad. You have to change your ways. Derek Carr announces in retirement from the NFL on show 34 recently underwent multiple medical evaluations on his shoulder. Shoulder was deemed the only route back to a hundred percent and that would mean six up to six months of recovery. Carr retires after staying on 11 seasons. He's a four time pro bowler. 257 touchdowns, 41,000 passing yards. Top 25 all time. Third place in the MVP vote, he walks away from 30 mil. Hey, I have a question. No, I'm, I'm, I'm confused. Yeah, we in April, we just had the draft. Yeah, the season ended. How long ago?


December. Well they season ended in January, beginning of ja, but he, no, he, his season bent over because he got hurt. Remember? Rapper been played? Yeah. So I'm trying to understand why wouldn't the situation rectified? So you come into this season healthy, why are we still talking about the same thing we were talking about last year? Oh, what was it? You know, sometimes don't your, You know, they give you say rest and then when rest don't do it now. See now you don't let two months pass and rest and when you should have went and had that shoulder. Listen, You know good and well, you don't play route. Nothing like that. Anything with the upper extremities, with the arms, especially when it comes to a quarterback. You want to get all those issues done and out the way. If there was even a thought Yeah. Or inclination that there's something wrong with it that would hamper your throwing motion or plan your position at the best of your ability.


You go get it fixed. You go get it, you go get it fixed. Oh, Joe Derek Carr has made $205 million in his career. He has a 77 and 92 win record. 4 4 4 55 win percentage. Just one trip to the playoffs. And I think they lost to you guys the ninth most cash from 2014 to 2024. Aren Rogers has made 292000001st cousins, 2 91 Matthew Stafford, 2 87 Russell Wilson, 2 64 Dak Prescott 2 44. Jerry Goff, 2 34. Matt Ryan, 2 22.


Tom Brady, 1 98. Derek Carr, 1 96 and Mahome boy 1 79. And boy make a pretty penny. Boy. They make a pretty penny. And You know the funny thing about it, I was upset, I was sad. You know, I don't like to see players hurt. Hell, I got damn tweeted the, the, the broken heart emoji about Derrick Carr being gone. And then I had to remember, well You know what, the people in the people in in New Orleans, in Baton Rouge in Louisiana, man, they happy they cheering. They second lining. Oh. I mean, I know you, you happy Derrick Carr is going. You didn't like your quarterback that you had, but now who you got now you got Spencer Rattler. No disrespect to him.


Young Bull. They Got Spencer Rattler and they took, they took the quarterback. What his name slot shook. They took shook. I'm just telling you who they took. And I ain't, I ain't, I ain't shuck it with yo Joe. That's who they took the two. That's, that's exactly how the saints gonna be. They gonna be shook until they get a goddamn quarterback. You know, and listen, my people in New Orleans, boy, we ain't got no patience. We ain't got no patience. We done dealt with too much. We need a quarterback. Well, what happens is you get spoiled. You had Drew Brees for 15 years and then you, you expect it before it hard, It's Hard to fuck that out.


You know it, look, you're not gonna be Green Bay, you're not gonna have Brett far for 15, 20 years. You're not gonna have Aren Rogers for 20 Years. Love. And then you go right to love. That ain't happening. You're not finna have, most teams don't get to have 30, 40 years. I mean, you're talking about could be 40 plus years of prosperity at the quarterback position. Yeah. That's crazy. That is absurd to think about it. 'cause think about it. You had 17 years with, look about 17 years with p and then you had another 18 years with Rogers and now you have love. So that's th that's what, 30, 35 years. So you about to have 45, maybe even 50 years of prosperity at the Quarterback and not just any quarterback.


We talking about them boys like that, that that boy it's two Old offense. Yeah. Shalon. You can make a case. Aren Rogers is one of the greatest of all time. That Was Brett Favre. And, and, and listen, George Love on in his own right is on his way to be just that as well as he continues to improve year in, year out. But Derek Carr is done. He says, no, I don't want to go go through that anymore. He says, I talked it old, my wife and my family and six months of rehab for 30 million. Like, nah, it ain't even worth it On. Wait a minute, wait a minute. Stay with me right now. Hey Chad, y'all stay with me real quick. My Saints fans, tell me what you think about this Now I know based on what we saw from him last year, it wasn't anything too hype about, You know, it wasn't nothing to second line about.


But how about Aren Rods coming in for a year in New Orleans until we get the rookie right. Or the, or or, or for Spencer Rattle. And also, You know, watch and learn behind him. What y'all think about that? I know I got some, some Saint fans in the chat. I'm just, I'm just curious, what's your thought on that? I Let, I'll let the Saint fans run. I'll let the Saint fans what You think. No. No. What you think one year? No. No. Okay. Shado had a hilarious response after being asked if he was gonna buy number two off. Deandre, let's take a listen to what Shadur had to say about number two Jersey. You try to buy two from DeAndre? No, I'm not trying to buy anything. My sign bonus ain't that high right here.


I don't believe you sha do you gotta answer red. Like I said, when I went to Baltimore ocho I didn't want no, I I I didn't want a, a odd number. I didn't want 81 or 83, 85, something like that. I didn't want that. I wanted a even number. I I went to Jamal Jermaine Lewis who had a number 80. Yeah, I remember. Yeah. I offered him, he and I said, I'll buy you and your wife matching Rolex. You get a his get a hers. Like nah. He said, nah, I wanna keep it. So I ain't never really liked. I mean 88 number just didn't seem well was me. Well 82 was cool. Frank White, Frank Wayne Wright had it.


And I was like, I hit him about, I said, freaky frank man, what you want for that number? He was with, if I'm not mistaken, I think he was with me a a couple, like in 99. He ended up getting released. He was with me in Denver. So I kind of knew him a little bit. I said, free call him Freaky Frank. I said, freaky Frank man, what you want for 82? He like, Sharpie, I don't want anything. You could have it. I said, nah, nah, nah, freaking freight. That's your number and I wanna give you something. I said, what I mean, what you like to do? What's your hobbies? He said, man, Sharpie, I don't like to do anything for fish, man. I said here, I said, how much does a bass boat cost you bought said Sharpie, you don't have to do that. I said, you bought a boat. I bought him a bass piece.


I, yeah, I bought him a bass bowl. Hey, if I, if I was willing to get, You know, back then Rolex was probably his and hers probably been about 30,000. If I was willing to do that, to get that, get 84 a bass boat. I think I played like 14. Oh, okay, okay, okay. Oh, so you, you got off much better. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So, and plus Ozzy kind of had that number. I said, but it, I said, Ozzy ain't the same. Right. It ain't Cleveland. I said if it was Cleveland, it'd be one thing. It didn't, you ain't, this ain't Cleveland. So, but it was good. It, it worked out. And so I don't blame shit do I ain't paying that money. I ain't paying nothing either a fifth round draft pick.


Now when I got 84, 'cause I was 81, my first two years old Joe. And then Ricky Nael ended up going to, I think he went to Tampa or something man. When I found out he wasn't coming back, man, I called Dan so quick. I said, Dan, can I get 84? He's like, absolutely Shark. I said, Hey, I'm good. Hey, I called, I called equipment guy. What was his name? Bill, bill something. Ron. Ronnie Bill? No, Ronnie Bill was a uncle. But anyway, his nephew was the equipment guy. The time I said, bro, you might as well go ahead and take that sharp off 81 and put it on the back of 84.


I already called Dan. Boy you talking about happy. I feel ah, Damn. Hey, hey, having the number. You want to just do something to you? Can I ask you a question? It Does Ocho de Deandre Carle. What, what, what position? Yeah, young bull play. I don't know what, what position did Deandre Carter play? Is he, he probably offense, I'm a thinking receiver. What was he in college? He had to be a high draft pick than, than shoot. So he is A rookie. He's a rookie coming in. He not a rookie. He already had it. Oh, he might have came in free agency Ocho.


And I mean, why wouldn't he give hold on now when you have a single digit number, right? Yeah. When you wear that single digit number, you understand what come you gotta be that comes with that. Whether it be Pop Warner Middle School high school in the NFL, everybody with a single digit number. Oh show is that boy Deandre Carter. He's been number 16, number 14, number 19. He's been won twice. He's been 82, he's been three. He's been 11 now he's number two. Why you named so many numbers? Because He's been on that many teams. Alright, No disrespect to him. I hope young boy had a, a phenomenal season and show that You know what, out with that number two on Handy your business.


But hey, number two, Hey, you got any, Hey, anytime, anything from one to nine, you gotta be special. Yeah. You cannot wear no single dig number if you not like. That's, that's why I said why would, why would, okay. But, but I hope young bull, That's mandatory. I mean, period. Certain things are just mandatory. That is Mandatory rule too at that, huh? Yes. HBCUs no, any college, I mean, NFL single digit numbers are for those who are like that. They put butts in the seats. But that's neither here nor there. Yeah, for sure.


I was, I was single digit ever since. 'cause I took the number three from my brother. So I went three all the way through high school and I went two all the way through college. So yeah, I wish, I wish we could had single digit numbers 'cause I definitely would've got number two. Oh oh back then. Well, my friend had it. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I definitely would've got number two. Well, Mike Huran, the punter had it, but as soon as he left, I'd have got it. Because Back then on your, it wasn't like it is now. You got a number and if you change numbers, you got all, all the, the other de jerseys and circulation. All that. Just, I Had, I had to do that. Yeah.


Oh, did You? Absolutely. I I Now listen, I had no problem doing it because I understood. I understood what that name change had done. Ocho we know how the media likes to critique any misstep time sons to paint a false narrative. I bet they won't highlight how respectful they are. Watch the video of Hil Shiloh shaking every medium member hand before start of first availability. Let's take a listen, don't you My new media team here. There you. That's all we got. Good. See, Hey dude, Logan, speak to Hil Victor. Good rock, pleasure Ben.


Brandon. Scott, nice to meet you. Love you. Please meet. There you go. Thanks man. Oh my God. With a clear Right Here. Appreciate. Nice. All right. I'm just stand right here, Ben. I like, According to Jenna Lane, Shiloh was the only player who's done that this week. He said Bucks were the first team to call. He's forever grateful that they gave him a chance. Hey, listen, you might, you might wanna make friends with him now. 'cause they, they gonna, they gonna, they gonna be right there. They gonna be like gnats. They, they, hey, they gonna be like they and they gonna be fair. You know? So everything is up to you.


That's all we ask. They gonna be fair. Everything is up to you. You might as well be nice to 'em. 'cause they gonna, they gonna be in your face for a very, very long time. I'd be so good that when I have a bad game, it's like, Hey, this is an admiration. This is not how he normally plays. Yep. That's, I mean, I was very, very fortunate. I think the thing, I think the thing is Ocho like, when you come in as a low draft pick, you get a lot more grace because there's not the expectation of a first, second, third round pick on you. So he's an undrafted fridger. So he'll get more benefit of the doubt than someone that was a first, second or third year. First second or third round pick. Or a veteran player that's played for a number of years. Kinda like I was seven.


Our pick OO wasn't gonna say, oh, he's not very good. I was suffer our pick. But when I got good, he was like, Hey, I remember this guy with special teams. We saw how hard he worked, blah, blah, blah, X, y, and Z. They'll give him the grace, but he would've earned it. He would've earned it. Jeff, rookie Armand member didn't realize he would be rich after signing his rookie contract. Ocho take a listen to what he had to say. What was yesterday like when you signed the first contract? It Was pretty cool. It was first Thing once, like I looked at autumn zeroes in the page. That was the fire. That's what I, I didn't realize how much money I was getting, but now's definitely A blessing for sure.


Yeah. Yeah. You Rolls either. Well look him zero. And the funny, the funny thing about it is he got drafted. You went through the whole process and didn't know how much you were getting paid until you looked at the goddamn check. Which lets me know that young boy is strictly about the game of football. How you, how you don't know What, where would he pick that? No, what what pick Because he probably ocho because You know a lot of them guys that, that, that that contract Guaranteed. Yeah, yeah. Depending on how, how you go. Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. He was seventh pick the draft. Oh, he contract.


Oh yeah, yeah. You know, Guarantee. Oh yeah. Boy, you got that money. 32 mil, huh? 32 mil, aren't you? Oh, Different. 32 different. They probably gave a good 15 signing bonus. Different. I know. We feeling good. Great. Hey, beautiful. Funny how your life change just like that man in a matter of 24 hours. Huh? Just like that 24 hours. Just like that. All the work you put in, all the, the ups, the downs, the obstacles. Oh my goodness. That guy that that I remember that feeling like it was like it was yesterday. Well, I don't, I don't remember that. That didn't happen to me. I, my Bad. Mr. Bowling paid me. I didn back pocket. I understand. Hey, Ojo, I got, I made 60.


My, my, my, my rookie contract, my base salary, my rookie year was $63,000. Hey? Yeah. 73. I made 73 the next year. Now, oh, you only had a $10,000 raise. 10,000. Oh, I got an a, I got another 10,000 if I lead, if I got 10,000, if I lead special teams to tackle, I got 7,500. If I got second and I got 5,000, so I, You know, I picked up, I picked up five one year. Picked up that team. Right, right, right. Okay. Okay. That little 10. That little 10 come ahead. You know what I'm saying? Ain't so funny back then. If you think about the times we're in now, look at the prices of everything now. The economy we're in now, back then, $63,000.


I, that was a lot of goddamn money. Boy, I was a good banker. I was a good HighEd bank. Yeah. I was a lot of good money. Boy, we, Yeah. And then, You know, that was when I had incentives. That's why I was upset Ocho because remember I told you I had a hundred thousand dollars. If I got a thousand yards receiving and I had 9, 9, 5 at the half and didn't catch another pass, didn't get another pass my plate. Tell the quarterback I went to the pro. I was the first team all pro and made 3 25 mm. I was, oh, I made the Pro bowl my third year, made 2 25 go back, made the Pro Bowl again. Let all the tight catches, touchdowns and yards. First team all pro, me and my brother, first team, first team, all pros.


3 25. Crazy. The other that hundred, that hundred would've came in. Good, don't You? It really real nice. But my, it's funny, my have my how times have changed times. Yeah. Oh, Joe, what was the, what was the first thing you bought? You got your signing bonus. You probably got half a mill. Seven 50. What was the first thing you bought? Oh my goodness. I, I, I, I remember signing that, that, that check and leaving Mike Brown's office. I will never, never forget. And I'm not sure the signing bonus, signing bonus had anything to do with the purchase or, or, or anything. But I went to McDonald's right in Cummington, right over the bridge next to the Waffle House. And I celebrated signing my first, my, my first deal.


And the first thing I bought a purchased. Golly. Huh. It might've been I got my first Chevy. Yeah. It probably wasn't nothing I got during the season. I think it might've been in the off season. I bought my first Don. For those that are in the chat, they're from Miami. I got, oh, you bought a Don Chevy. My first Don and I, I never forget. I'm sure Van Dyke could probably see this. Van Dyke, you're probably remember that day, a friend of mine, he owns a restaurant called I Crave here in Miami. Very good straight spot. So if you ever come down here to to Miami, you gotta check out. I crave, I bought my first Chevy from Van Dyke.


Remember I bought him, I forgot how much it was, but I bought him cash and a little envelope. And that, that was my first car. That was always a dream card mine. It was always something. I looked at some of the, the older, the older, You know, dudes had in my career in Liberty City. And I was like, You know what, grandma, one day I want one of them. And she said, boy, you'll never have no guy that you won't be driving out all that, all that noise and dripping oil in my driveway. And that, that was my, my first version. I was like, finally I made it. I can get one for myself.


Hi, it's Nora McInerney, host of the Headstart, embracing the journey. Join us for season three as we bring you more intimate conversations with real people living with chronic migraine. Our guests share everything how they found the doctor that is right for them, navigating their treatment journey and their efforts to be present in the moment. In spite of it all, you'll get a glimpse into their day-to-day navigating not just the physical symptoms, but the effects chronic migraine attacks have on their careers, their relationships, and their family life. If you're new to the show, there are 14 episodes already out and worth a listen. I'll be joined yet again by headache specialist Dr. Christopher Ryan, who will give us his unique perspective. It is time we create more space for empathy and understanding for this invisible chronic illness. So listen to the head start embracing the journey on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. This show is brought to you in partnership with AbbVie


Life Insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to communities and local economies through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


Living with HIV. Continue to live authentically and embrace every possibility. Do consider how you stay undetectable. Do learn about Doto. Doto is a complete HIV treatment by prescription only for some people, 12 and older. Your doctor will determine if doto is right for you. Do find out how many medicines are in your HIV pill. Most HIV pills contain three or four medicines. Doto is as effective with two medicines. No other complete HIV pill contains fewer medicines than doto do embrace every day. It is unknown if doto is safe and effective. If you have HIV and hepatitis B. If you have Hep B, don't stop doto without talking to your doctor as it may get worse or harder to treat. Don't take doto if you're allergic to its ingredients or taking dofetilide due to serious or life-threatening side effects. If you have a rash or allergic reaction symptoms, stop doto and get medical help right away. Other serious or life-threatening side effects include severe liver problems and lactic acid buildup. If you're female or obese, you may be more at risk. Tell your doctor about your medicines or supplements, medical conditions, liver or kidney problems, pregnancy, breastfeeding, or planned pregnancy. Do Ask your doctor about fewer medicines. Visit doto.com or call 1 8 7 7 8 4 4 8 8 7 2 to learn more Morning.


This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical. Hey, it's vilo Plus here to debunk the conspiracy. Less is more total lie. Why? Because more is more. With vilo plus more taste, more strengths, more comfort. Discover the nicotine pouch with more@velo.com. That's VEL o.com Underage Sale. Prohibit Velo Plus is an artificially tobacco flavored synthetic nicotine pouch product website. Restricted to age 21 plus copyright 2025 MBI.


Well I went to Dairy Queen got a bacon double cheeseburger, large fry, vanilla milkshake and Oreo blizzard. Wait, Where? Dairy Queen? Dairy Queen? You said a burger? A bacon, double cheeseburger. Dairy Queen sell things outside of this ice cream. Yeah. The hell. I ain't know that. Yeah, fish sandwiches. Yeah. Well, oh hold on. They got Ashley, they got steak figures. Now There's no, it can't be no Dairy Queen in Miami. 'cause I'd never heard of a ice cream place that's known for ice cream selling anything outside ice cream. It's like, You know 30. You y'all got 31 flavors. Where you at? You heard of 31 Flavors?


Huh? Baskin Robbins. Oh, That's Baskin Robbins. Oh yes. Okay. Dairy Queen and Baskin Robbins is something entirely different. Baskin Robbins only sell ice cream. Dairy Queen sell other stuff too. Okay. I, You know, I never knew that. They Sell hot dogs. They sell chicken tenders. They sell fish Filet What? Fish sandwiches. Hey, y'all got, y'all got, They have a, a single cheeseburger. Double and a triple. I ain't know that Man. But I got the ba I got the bacon double cheeseburger. Huh? You ever been to Jumbos? They, y'all, they got jumbos where you from? What about White Castle? Not, not where I, bro, I'm from a small town. We had, we had Dairy Queen and we had Hardee's.


Oh. See that's, I ain't, yeah, that's, that's why you from, okay, okay, okay. Okay. I ain't know nothing about no White Castle until maybe I got to Colorado. Mm. We had, they had crystals like in Savannah. I heard. I, You know, I I I was on the road. I think I might've been to Day Daytona, they crystals in day in Daytona. Right. If I'm not mistaken, I was, I went to nascar. Yeah. And I, I went to Crystals with some folks in and it was cool. It was cool. I enjoyed it. My first time having in North Carolina, I went to, I had cookout you Ever had. I ain't never heard of that. What? Ain't never heard of Cookout. Uhuh? No. Oh Man, listen, I stopped outside the road driving home and ate a Cracker Barrel though.


Oh. Hey Cracker Barrels good man. You know, some people don't like it. It either. I hear, I hear all the, the chirps in the, but that mama, Hey, listen, if You could get in there, hell seems like everybody else be stopping trying to get Cracker Barrel Too. Right? Hey, the Mama's breakfast from Cracker Barrel, the pancakes with the, with the egg scramble with the, with the sausage. And I have 'em warm. I have 'em warm a syrup up. So it'll come out hot. Man. Stop playing what we talking about. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, bro, you, you, you, you straight now. But I tell people all the time that ain how much you make is how much you All the time. Hey, hey, look, if there's something that you always wanted, hey, get your mom a little pick. Crab you a crib.


You ain't gotta get your mom no 20,000, 10,000 square feet. Get your mom, mom, mom, something that she can keep, You know, she can keep up herself. And, You know, you wanted something. I know you, there's something that you wanted, a special type of car. I mean, considering that you're in New York, you're probably gonna get an SUV. You need something that you can drive all the time. So whether it is a a a g wagon or a Range r or something that You know, that you, hey stylish in the spring and summer, but also it gets cold, it gets snow on the ground in New York. So you gonna have to, you need, it needs to be, have a dual purpose. Now, unlike a, You know, if you in Tampa, you in Miami, hey, it ain't gonna snow. You can get you, you can get you, You know, roads or a bed lift. I'm, I'm saying if you a high, high round draft pick, if that's what you want, whatever it is that I've always wanted, you get that.


But yeah, just, but after that, bro, like, hey, stock that money. Most definitely. Yeah. Stock it. Oh, matter of fact, matter of fact, before we keep on, before we keep going, for all the mothers that are in the chat, if you're on the, if you're on the East Coast, happy Mother's Day to all of you, to my baby. I know you're probably asleep when you watching Happy Mother's Day to you as well. And that's pretty, that's pretty much it. Yeah. Happy Mother's Day. Obviously we're, man, we're not on tomorrow, are we? Yeah, lemme go and get it down 'cause we're not on tomorrow with you. So Happy Mother's Day. To everybody that's on the East Coast.


Any, even if you're not on the East Coast Happy Mother's Day. This is your day. Enjoy, enjoy this day and many, many more to come because you've earned it. You've earned this day, brunch, whatever the case may be, bottomless, mimosas, whatever the case, you and your girls or your, huh, mimosas, whatever it is, Drake, to your heart content. Whether it's you and your girls, you and your hubby, your boyfriend, your significant other, or it's just the family outing to all the mothers out there. Congratulations for the job that you do, and hopefully you enjoy your day because you've earned this day. Man. They don't do nothing like that for us.


Oat your old Father's Day. Hey, listen, I, I, I don't, You know, look at all, what, what do all the athletes say when they get the camera and them? Hey mom, everybody. Hey Dad. Ain't nobody holding no side. Say, Hey dad, hey mom. Hey. I was the to for hey granny. Well, my, at that time, my grandmother was the only one alive. All my other, my grandparents had passed away. So no, but to all the moms out there, sincerely, from the bottom of our heart here at Nightcap Recap, Ocho and I, we want to wish you a very, very special day. And hopefully you enjoy this day. I'm going basically, I mean, you basically can celebrate up to all the great mothers out there that's doing a wonderful job.


You really should have every day as Mother's Day, because this a huge undertaking to raise kids, to raise a family, to be that, that person, that rock, that foundation. So yeah, we just wanna say thank you for the job that you Do. You welcome, I'm going to, I'm going to the, to the grave site early in the morning. I think they open at 8, 8, 9 o'clock, going out there probably little girl. And my and my grandma sit down, sit down there with them, them for a little bit. Yeah, yeah. So you are you going out there? You go eat with 'em. Yeah. You know, well, I don't, I don't eat. I got my coffee and my cigar and I got a little chair in the, I got a little chair in the back of my truck. I sit the little chair out there, You know, and I play, I played some of the old school Mississippi mass choir, You know, had phone storming James Cleveland, James Reverend James Cleveland, Reverend James Boy.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. My grandfather love Him, man. And just sit there Five blind boys about The five blind boys. Man, I never forget. I always, I always, always think about, I always question life after death and what do people go, You know, once they pass on it, they, they transition. And I always, I always say it all the time, every blue moon, even even on, I think on here before, I always look for signs. If you loved the way you say you did when you were alive, how come you never talk to me once you left? I never get any signs. People say, well, signs are always there. They're always there. You just never pay attention. So I started paying attention to everything that was not normal that went along or went on in my life.


And still to this day, grandma passed away in 2018. My grandma, I mean, yeah, my mama been gone now since 2021. And I just been waiting on a sign of some sort, You know, the whisper sometimes, You know, you hear people say, my mama came to me and my grandma came to me, and so and so came to me and my dream, and I could hear her voice. I just haven't gotten that sign yet. And I, I can't wait. I can't wait for that day where I can get that sign just to know that they okay or they doing well or just, just, it's Whatever. Sometimes I think we, I think sometimes Ocho when we looking for signs, I, I Think you say speak to us, you looking for 'em. Like you and I are talking right now, and it doesn't happen like that. I mean, sometimes it does come to you, your dream.


I mean, I, You know, people say, man, and it would just seem like just yesterday I was just talking, You know, to my, my mom or my dad or somebody, a significant other in my family that I've lost and they were having a conversation and that's happened. I've actually, You know, been in a dream and I tell my sister, I, I was having a conversation with granite. It just seemed like it was just so real. But yeah, that's, that's tough. That's, that, that's tough to, because you want you, I mean they, You know, I, I say I think Ocho for me, my grandmother saw a lot of what I've accomplished.


I mean, she's, I mean, she was there, You know, going to college and I, and, and I, and I was talking, I was telling somebody, I was like, probably the, the, the, the proudest that I probably, that I think I've been, my grandmother came to see my last college game, last college game I played at Savannah State. My grandmother came, she had never seen me play before that. They brought my, my sister and them brought her out on the field. And, You know, it's like, hey, You know, no, no, boy, I gave a look. Ocho my grandma came on the field and then she came to see me graduate at college, man.


Mm. That's loud to see, to see that, to see a baby catch a touchdown in his final game at Savannah State to see a baby get that degree. Because I told, I told people, I tell this story all the time on yo my grandmother sent me to Savannah State for two reasons to get a degree and go to the NFL. I didn't know which one was gonna happen first, but they were both going to happen. My grandma didn't see me around there to, to, to, You know, bull drive around. I like, I'm here if I'm here. I, and I, I, I've never understood that, that some people go to college for four years and they're further from graduating than when they got there. How the hell did that happen? Yeah, Bro, I'm here and I started in developmental studies.


Ocho Yeah, developmental studies. Man, I wasn't embarrassed. They couldn't embarrass me. All them guys, they didn't want to go to class, man. They gonna think I'm dumb. Well, theoretically, you're about by, by the letter on the law you are. But the objective is not to stay that way, man. The joke was flunk out because he wouldn't go to school. Damn, what? I'm going up in the ocho. Go right to that trailer. I first went in sitting in class, I go get that good old, get them biscuits, sausage biscuits, scrambled eggs, orange juice, belly fool. Go sit up there and learn. I'm not embarrassed.


I'm not embarrassed for the results I didn't get for the work that I didn't put in. I know I didn't do what I was supposed to do in high school. So how could I expect exemplary results when I gave Bull Jive effort? The volume,


Your dream getaway welcome In Starts at the airport with Amex Platinum. You get access to the Centurion lounge where you can find space to send off that last work email, fill up on premium dining, ah, and finally relax for up to three hours before takeoff. You might even wish your layover could last just a little longer. Flight to Mexico now boarding, oh, That's Me. That's the powerful backing of American Express terms. Apply for more information, visit american express.com/with amex.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back, and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


Morning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical. Hey, it's velo Plus here to debunk the conspiracy. Less is more total lie. Why? Because more is more. With velo plus more taste, more strengths, more comfort. Discover the nicotine pouch with more@velo.com. That's VEL o.com underage Sale. Prohibited Fuel Plus is an artificially tobacco flavored synthetic nicotine pouch product website. Restricted to age 21 plus copyright 2025 NBI


Life insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to communities and local economies through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


You're listening To an iHeart podcast.