
This is an iHeart podcast.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus Preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from I do Part two Ozempic and a Pill. It's Oral Semaglutide and is now available from Future Health. Go to future health.com to get affordable access to Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic, and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. No insurance needed. Visit future health.com. Future without the E to start losing this week. Future Health weight loss Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush s sent back, and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one minutes to per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself


The volume. Danny Green respectfully questioned the direction of the franchise moving forward with an agent. LeBron James at the helm. LeBron who has the player option this summer hasn't yet made a decision, is better off elsewhere. If the Lakers intend on winning a title in the near future with Luca Dantes to build around according to green, I think they're explosive offensively, but I think they lack a lot defensively. I don't know how many years he has left longer. It's just really hard to win a championship when your best player is 40 years old.


Next year LeBron is going to be 41. He could still average, You know, 30, 20 something points, but I just don't see them winning a championship with that formula right now. You agree or disagree, Dwight? Yeah, it's pretty tough. He trying to get Bryce, he trying to get Bryce to the league next. So I'm So you think LeBron's gonna play a couple? So you think this not this upcoming year won't be LeBron's last year? No. Why? If I can play till I'm 50, LeBron play till you 50 man. Keep hooping. Yeah, I think, I think and may being able to make history and, and playing with both of your sons. And that gotta be one of the Biggest accomplishments, one Of, one of the greatest achievements as a father.


What basketball player? I, I don't, yeah, it doesn't happen. It doesn't happen often. I mean, the, the, the, the, what we get to go back to is Ken Griffey Senior and King Griffey Jr. Yeah. Now we saw LeBron, LeBron, senior LeBron Jr. And now, You know, you have two sons in the, in the NBA, but I I, for me, I'm looking at him, I, I don't think 23 seasons, I mean, he's still averaging 24 8 and eight. I think in order for LeBron to like, it's like, man, I'm, I'm outta here. He's gonna have to be somewhere around 19, 20, 24, 8 and eight. I mean, dude, the dude made the second team all the NBA don't pe players don't normally retire. Dwight make it first, second, or third team all the NBA and say, You know what, I'm outta deuces and you got 52 million coming to you.


Mm. Well he just, he need to go back to Cleveland Uhuh, just go, why? If, if I'm Cleveland. But here's the thing, Dwight, he gotta teach you. Y'all know how I feel about LeBron, but why would I trade my 20 something players for a 41-year-old guy that's going only got maybe two year, maybe a year, two years left. He gonna put Cleveland back up there like they was everybody gonna be at Cleveland? And then he put, you remember how he put him? He put 'em back up there and then when he left, he put 'em back down there. No, but he got, he gotta teach Donovan how to win. So he gotta teach him how to win. So I just believe he went home.


Go ahead and show the boys how to win. Maybe win the title in Cleveland again up. Oh my gosh. Yeah, he can go home. No, he, you need, let, let Luca have LA man, let him get another big in there. Come on. So he can hoop and go ahead. LeBron. LeBron don't wanna leave LA You know how LeBron love la? Oh, I, yeah, but go ahead and let Luke Cooper Flagg reportedly made $28 million in NIL while at Duke stay in college. He may had a $13 million deal from New Balance and a $15 million deal with fanatics. Go back. Yeah, go back for two more years into the, to the, the, the stock go up in the league some more.


Go back to college for three more, two, three more years. No, I tried to get, because, because all he did was speed up that process to get to that $380 million bag. The first for his first contract, right? No, I'm saying that that first extension, the rookie extension that you can get, it's three. That thing gonna be over 200 million. Alright. So yeah, if he stay two more years, win at Duke, at least one championship, he going to get at least a hundred s off college. And then when he go to the league, the, the, the, the salary cap gonna be higher for rookies. He gonna make five. That's, it's okay. I'm, I, I wanna get, I wanna get the, I'm, I'm gonna go get this, I'm gonna go get this right now.


I can go and get that. I made that 28 million. I'm good now. Let me come on and get this Gatorade money. Let me get this. I, Hey, somebody want me to do a podcast? I already got new ba. Oh yeah, I'm finna get this. I mean, he about to, he about he gonna be a billionaire before he get finish his rookie contract. All these guys, you look at Shaken Sign four years at 2 94 this year. Or you can wait to go five for three 80. All these guys gonna do a a billion in contracts. Man, this is not real money, man. This is cryptocurrency. And they playing around. I'm, they ain't no real. As a matter of fact, I'll take some of that too. Right now they playing. This ain't real money. They just talking how in the world they just come up with 500 m and just give somebody, this is not real.


We in a simulation. Hell, Hey see, Hey Dwight. See Dwight, you should have, you should have been born like 10 years later. You been right here, right? What? You right OI mean, no Joe, but you right. Dang my name. I mean, yo by yo is in line three years, 2 21 3 years, 2 21. He can go by all the horses in the world if he want to erase him. Go ahead. Go Dwight, we gonna get you outta here on this one. Tell us more what you're doing with Sports Illustrated for the finals. Alright, so for the finals, we're having a Si Sports Illustrated event where we're gonna predict the finals.


We're going to be going against a lot of these, the influencers, okay? It's gonna be some Hall of Famers versus the influencers and a lot of the, the influencers and the, the, the YouTubers. And they feel like they know a lot about basketball and sports and stuff like that. So we're going to do an event against these guys. So where we gonna predict game are, are you guys picking game to game? Excuse me? Game to game or you picking the series? Game to game and the series. Okay. Yes. Okay. Yes. So yeah, y'all be able to look out for that man, I want to tell y'all who I got tonight. You know, I've been looking for, we'll look out for it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Make sure you guys catch the white po or podcast above the rim with DH 12.


Yes sir. What can they find you on IG and Twitter? I am at Dwight. How? That's my, my ig my Twitter is Dwight Howard too. Okay. Yeah. Above the how the rim above the rim with DH 12. Yes sir. Dwight, thank you man. Appreciate it. Hey, before we go, how the farm doing? The farm is, oh, I dunno if You know this, but he got a farm, You know, he go organic. This organic What? What do you got growing Dwight? Alright, so at my house I have, I grow at my house too. So I have a big garden in my house. I have a squash eggplant be peppers, tomatoes, apples, whole bunch of bullshit.


Blackberries. Oh, excuse me, that ain't no bullshit. That's some real stuff. I got water village, I got sunflowers, I got basil. What the hell you gonna do? Go sunflower for you don't eat no sunflower or Yes feeds. Yes I do. I do, but I do. This is all the stuff I have in my house. Me and my dad, we actually doing this, the chickens right now because You know they having this egg shortage, so Yeah, yeah, yeah. What, what? Tell you you got, well my dad, you got Guinea, you got roll island Red you what you got? So You know all the country names. All I know is Chick. All I know is miss winners and church. You got brood, you got pull on. What you got dine, what you got going on?


You gotta ask my dad the names, man. Okay. He got the names. I just, okay. I'm like pops man, make sure everything's straight for you, boy. So you Alright man, make sure you check out Dwight's podcast on YouTube above the rim with dh. Follow him on IG and Twitter. Dwight, thank you for joining us, man. All the best of luck. Congratulations. Thank you on get selected to the hall of Fame, man. Thank you so much. That's big deal, man. Congrats bro. Thank you. Thank you guys, man. Ocho man, I appreciate y'all having me on the show. I love y'all man. Trickle, salute, man. Thank you. Alright. Sure. Appreciate you Dwight. All right, Ocho, we ought see, we ought see who can grow a garden.


I bet I can grow a garden better than you Ocho Grow. Who? I can grow a garden better than Ocho. I mean, I, I doubt that because I used to, I used to plan, I used to plan my, my gr my grandma tulips back in the day. I used to pan tulips. I used to pan, I used to do a Tomatoes. I'm gonna let you slide with that one. Don't y What Them tulips, but, okay. I ain't gonna sit down with y'all. I'm gonna let it slide. I I, Hey, I just, that's what I just gonna let that slide, that's, I'm let you have, I said listen, I know we talk about gardening, but you said garden, but I used to be her. I was, I used to be her gardener.


I was her assistant in her garden. You know who my grandma Man, Ocho, I still, I'm trying to find this, this picture, because I had a, I don't know if I can find it now. Yeah, I mean, listen, where's the peach at? Hey, I listen, I used to grow a lot. I used to grow a lot. I used to grow carrots. I, I I I don't want no garden watermelon. What? I go PI gonna tell you what I grow. I'd grow peanuts. I grow sweet potatoes. Yes. Why? Look at it. I, hey, check this out. I'm gonna send Ash.


I like, I like that garden idea. Hold on. Hey, What, You know what I should do? I should start me a garden, man. Oh Lord. Have mercy. Why get this guy? Any ideas What you think? Nah, nah, I listen, I wanna be a young, I wanna be a content creator. You heard me? Yeah, But I'm not talking about regular content. I'm talking about like, like content where it's like, like almost life and death shit. Like there's a chance I can, I can, it could be my last time filming content if things don't go right, like I'm gonna be that type of content creator.


Go ahead. Because Nobody has listen. Everybody's creating content. You know, it's funny they playing around with people. Like, I'm gonna do like, like different stuff like, like bull fighting. Like with no, with no with no swords or Nah, you can't do that. What Peter eat up. People don't like that they won. They won't that sport bad. I just said no. I just said Without, they don't like bull Fighting. Just the matador. I'm just a matador with no, with no weapon. I got, that's from my grand, that's her name, granny from my grandma's funeral. Hey, 15 years I had it. Hey. Huh? Huh?


No. Yes. In Atlanta in my tub. You heard me? I don't take a bath there. Huh? I know, I know what I'm getting ready to do. I'm, I'm gonna start. Whatcha Getting ready to do? I'm gonna be a, I'm a starter. I'm, I'm gonna be a content creator right in the first, my first video is gonna be me with a herd of bison at Yellowstone Park running with the bison. You can't run with the bison. They advise you to be without. They gonna put you in jail. That's Why it's called content. I bail out. You bail me out. Don't do that O Joe. It ain't worth it. Fine. You could create content. Look, look at them streamers. They're creating content and don't even put it life in danger. No, That's not life. And I want to create life or death content where I could get hurt.


Like really, really bad. Like, it makes it, it put Go talk to somebody girl in Miami. Nah, I don't, nah. See, you don't really want that. You don't really want no content then. No, no, no. I want, I want fun. No, I want, I want, I want life and death situations. Content creating with nature. Oh, okay. Yeah. Like that. When you think off, Hey, okay, I wish you the best. Appreciate that. I'll create some content. Do something a little, a little less dangerous. Cowboys head coach Brian Schottenheimer says Dak is still in the developmental phase. I think Dak is in the developmental phase. That sounds crazy for a guy who's played as much, but there are things we're tweaking with that Dak entering his 10th NFL season.


Okay. What you think Ocho I Mean, I'm, I'm trying to understand developmental phase at, at what point in year 10 is something developmental at this point, especially when it says, Hey, it's not the same offense, it's the same offense from last year, if I'm not mistaken, right? Nah, I guess he's going to implement his 'cause that was Mike McCarthy's offense. Okay. And if that's the case, then it, he is in the developmental stage because he having to learn new offense, all the new, all the new nuances and all the intricacies of that new offense. So I I I totally understand tho those, I mean that gives me better context. So I mean that, that's understandable. That's understandable. I'm excited for Dak, man. I'm excited for Dak.


IJI just hope they ready to, I just hope they ready to use, use, pick the right way. CD Lamb is gonna get his, regardless, especially when he plays in the slot, he's, when he, when CD Lamb is in the slot, it creates mismatches regardless to who they're playing. It doesn't matter who they're playing. And we know a pick can do on the outside. You can take a short and go hit his head off the goal post Or you can go deep. Well, yeah, you got a, I mean, look, they should be really explosive in the passing game. We're gonna see Absolutely. Can they protect him? 'cause You know, you lose, I mean, Zach Martin is retired. Yeah. The offensive line was wasn't, it was kinda shaky last year, Ocho So let's see what they, what, how have they shored up that the running game Blue had some really good games.


So it's gonna be, it's gonna be, it's gonna be very interesting to see what the cowboys are, are, are, are offensively as, as far as protection. Right. If we don't look all you can have all, all the guys you want, but you don't protect your quarterback ain't gonna do you no good at all. At all. That goes for the Cowboys. That goes for my Bengals. That goes for the goddamn chiefs down there. Yep. In Kansas City. Yeah. And who else? Well, hell, the, the Eagles don't gotten nothing to worry about for a long time. I mean, the Eagles got the best offensive line football though. Yeah. They got the best defensive line football too. Yeah, but I I, but I'm looking at, I mean, think about it. Look at the right tackle and the left tackle. You got Lane Johnson and Ma Lauder, you got your center, you replace it with Jason Kel, you replace Jason Kelsey and that guy, he's a damn near all pro.


But he goes to the Pro Bowl and you look at Dixon, one of your best guard. I mean, so they good they set Yeah. For, for the foreseeable future at the, at the, at the o offensive line position. Should Dak be embarrassed that Brian Schottenheimer said that he's in the developmental state phase? Absolutely not. Because if you learn a new offense, it's completely different. And you have to rewire and relearn everything, even though you played the game for 10 years. So, saying he's in a developmental stage at this time where they're in OTA, it's acceptable. Okay. Acceptable. Because that's what it is. It's, it's a time for you to develop and learn. Everything that comes with that off gonna be completely different than what you learned before.


ESPN, Jeremy Fowler reports that Kyle Pitts would be open to a trade, even though he's not necessarily looking to be moved and the Falcons aren't aggressively shopping him. So I checked with the source who said that, look, if Atlanta gets the right kind of deal for cow pits, it could very well could come together. This is not a situation where he's requesting a trade, but if he has a chance to go, maybe to a better offense where he's more featured, he's sort of a third or fourth wheel right now in Atlanta, could this and could be something that he's open to. I like it. And he wouldn't be a third or fourth wheel if he hadn't gotten hurt. You have to understand, after the ACL he has, he hasn't been the same Kyle Pitts we saw at Florida.


He just hasn't. And if, if you watch him close, there's a, there's a slight limp when he, when he, when he runs, there's a slight limp. You can tell exactly which knee, You know, he, he tore his ACL. It's unfortunate. As great as he is, he's still very good. Now that he's recovered somewhat from that, from that injury, I would like to see him in a different offense where he can be featured more. Well, yeah. Yeah. I think that that the Thing know, I mean where that would be, I'm not sure that's the problem. That's the, that's the problem. I think he'd be great in Kansas City. Oh, that's nasty. A player like Kyle Pitts of his caliber before he got injured, if he hadn't have got injured, we always talk about Hawkinson and, and, and then something la Porta Crazy McBride.


Yeah, they, they Bowers, listen, he was eons above everyone. I just named eons above. The only thing that set him back was that injury. Huh. You understand how special he is. How many of those dudes I just named can go up, go line up out there, receiver and run a route? Yeah. And, and a whole lot of 'em. I mean, You know, hey, they, they're, they're versatile now. But this guy had moved. He had wiggle listen, like you said, he could run, he could run the router, he could run the slam, he could run the out, he can run a comeback, dig and cuts. So yeah, he was, he was special. And, but now he's two years removed from that. ACL. Yeah. Now he's in his fifth year, isn't he? Or is his fourth year? I think he's in his first year.


It should be fourth. I think it's year fourth. Or Kyle, if I'm not mistaken. He, he gonna be, he gonna be all right though. What is it? Good? He's Such, this is fifth year or fourth year. Because, because I don't think they picked up his fifth year option. Look, that's a little motivation right there. It is. Little motivation. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. It's fifth year. And hey, listen. And I hope, I hope Michael Penning Jr. Knows they didn't pick up that fifth year option and, and throwing the ball every play on purpose. So we have at helm of a year, so we can get paid in off season


When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school because family supports family At American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse, your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with Mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course, if you enjoy overpaying, no judgments, but that's weird. Okay. One judgment anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store Gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms, apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025, and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts. This content's not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from I do Part two Ozempic and a Pill. It's Oral Semaglutide and is now available from Future Health. Go to future health.com to get affordable access to Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic, and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. No insurance needed. Visit future health.com future without the e to start losing this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Ocho, what's happening? Falcons undrafted free agent. Kobe Bryant. Spelled C-O-B-E-E. Kobe Bryant? Yeah. Went after Lamar Jackson on Snapchat. Okay, take a look at the picture. Is that Harden? Yep. And what, what buddy doing? What what? I mean what, what Great regular season. Not so much in the postseason. That's the rookie. Did that? Yeah. Undrafted free agent. Why? What, what, what's, what's up with Buddy? Yeah. Yo, don't saying That mean. Listen, that, that, that's, that might be something personal.


Maybe that's something personal we don't know about. Huh? I I bro, I, bro I don't know. Look, you only know I only know one Kobe Bryant rest his soul. Yes, Sir. And he, they spelled it like the steak. Hmm. So I, I don't know this young man. And he, he might turn out to be a phenomenal player. Yeah. And I hope he does. Yes sir. But It's a little early for you to be, to make talking in this kind of noise. Now you need to be Pat Oran. You need to be Jay Ram. You need to be one of them big do Stingley Jr. Okay. You wanna take a shot? Okay. You go get, come on now. Well hold on, hold on. He got, he got my attention now. He got Kobe Bryant. Huh? Bro, you ain't gonna be paying no attention. We got bigger fish to be worried about than him.


Hold On, hold on. But no, we got bigger fish to, but if you take shots like this, right? You got Yes that boy. So now Yes, from now you got, now you got my attention. So I'm trying to see what you like on that field. Well, hey, I sure hope they play the Raven so we can find out. Hold On. What position? You play A corner. Who Right? He a corner? Yeah. And he Talk Spicy. This man, this man put James Hardin head on Lamar Jackson's body with the number and everything. Okay. Who he play for? The the Hawk. I mean the Falcons. Okay. They, the, the, the schedule out. Do the Ravens play the Falcons this year?


I don't know. Do the, do the Falcons play the Ravens? I'm a, Hey Imma, I'm a, I'm gonna call Madar. I'm finna call AJ Terrell and ask AJ Terrell if Kobe Bryant really liked that. Yeah. I gotta, I gotta, I gotta, I gotta watch some film on Young Bull. You know, You know, normally when you talk like this or you, You know, you throw a little shade. That mean that mean you like that. Man, that's a big old, old tree. There ain't no little shade. Yeah, man. Hey, I don't, I don't know what he was thinking with this one right here. I, I listen now you, you, I mean, You know what he was thinking? He, He shot. But I, I, You know, people try, people try to figure out why he did it. Hell, I don't know. I don't know.


I don't know either. That's why the first thing I said is maybe this is something personal that we don't know about. Well, he should go to Lamar Because most of the, most of the time when you are young like that coming into the NFL your always respect your elders. Especially the great ones like that. Yeah. I, I bet I been to you man. Them ain't have no No respect. Nah, not like it. That's why that's, And I Guarantee person, I don't, Man, I would've never, I don't know it, it is just hard. But go ahead. I be, look, that's that. Hey look, we love the First Amendment. He has a right to say whatever he wants to say. Oh yeah. Well hey bro, you have to go out there and back that up now.


Oh yeah. So now you put, now you put the pressure on yourself. Not too Often. I mean right now you gotta alligator mouth now. Don't let, don't have no hummingbird ass Pin and pad at now. They gotta use that. Oh, they play the Raven. They play the Ravens next year. Nah, Lamar beat up. Forgot about that. They need to get this thing going. They need to get this going now. Hey, they say hey. Lamar probably say, Hey Harbaugh, y'all put this, put him on his preseason schedule. And I playing L Jackson. I playing. Hey Man, Lamar probably look, hey, You know some one of Lamar boys or somebody probably said to say, Hey dog, what's up with old boy?


Yeah, Lamar probably like, huh? Who? And one thing about Look with old boy, look what I sent you. And one, one thing about, one thing about eight. He don't talk. He ain't finna respond. He ain't finna answer. No, I know, but I'm saying he like, he, he probably like What, who, what, who, who? Yeah. Who, who is This? I just, I told you what he trying to do. Huh? Get get your name out there. You do something. You do something. You ain't got no business no different than that. Re that reporter. That reporter what? Ca car, right? Yeah. That reporter that. Just listen, throw your name out there, throw the bait, throw the fish. Everybody gonna bite. Okay. Boom. Now I asked the cameras on me now. I guess he was at, he was at Kansas last year. Ocho, Huh?


He was at Kansas. He could play college ball at Kansas last year. He Was nice. He was like that. I don't know. What did Travis do? Well, I mean, he was undrafted, so, I mean, I don't know if he has decent speed. I don't, I don't, I don't know. I Hey Chad, Chad, Kobe Bryant like that. Let me know now. Let me know. Let me know. Nah, I, I, I would need to have a Keith's number. I call Akeem Tale or, or Chris Harris Jr. And ask them, they went to Kansas. They would know more. Wait, they J Hawks? Yeah. Wait, how, how Kleeb get outta, he ain't go to Texas. Ke would with the Kansas. Okay, so did Chris Harris Junior.


Oh, Chris a okay. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know what, I don't know what old boys was thinking, but I don't know what pr they prompt him because Lamar don't really do no talking. I mean every once I've seen, I've probably seen Lamar at more at like fashion events, chilling as opposed to sitting doing anything else. I know. I, I think, I don't know if he still has it. I know he used to have his, his camp, his football camp. Right, right, right. But Lamar laid really, really low. Oh, he, he crazy low bro. So I'm, I'm, I, I, I, I don't, I don't know what, what, what, what prompted buddy to, to do this. I don't know. I tell, I'm telling you, it's something personal.


I'm telling you, we just, we just don't know about it. 'cause nobody takes his, Where he from? Is he from Florida? He ain't he from the crib. That's what I'm asking. Ash Ash's looking for now. I don't know where he from. I don't know where it from. Evergreen, Alabama. I don't, I don't think, I don't think, I don't think they had no dealings. Ocho, I, listen, I know he must be like that. That's all I know. Anytime you take a shot like that, that high, you got to be able to back it up with your plate. Yeah. So I know he must, he got to be that boy. Yeah, I know. Yeah. No, I, I don't know about all that Ocho. Yeah. I mean, we'll see. We'll see. Oh look, I, I, I'm not making, I'm not making light of him being an undrafted fridger because all I'm saying you gimme a helmet and shoulder pad and then I'll show you what I'm capable of doing.


Yeah. Yep. I look at it like that. So all that other stuff, I, I don't, I don't get caught where he was this, he was that. I, I don't, I don't know Chad. I don't know. I wish I knew. Maybe Chad, y'all can chime in the chat and says, well, he said Lamar said something about this or, or he been going at Lamar for a minute. I don't know. So I don't, I don't wanna speculate getting a conjecture or innuendo. All I know is that it seems from where I'm sitting. Yeah. I don't know how Ocho feel, but it seems like from where I'm sitting, he took an unprompted shot at, at Lamar. Yeah. And everybody knows what, what that means. That means that, Hey James, hard and sensational in the regular season become postseason.


Not so much. Yeah. Hey, now you, now you got that, you got that target now. Yeah. Every, every, every time you at Seven Yards, every time you impressed. Now this is gonna come up. So you, You know, you got Woohoo. Oh, you gotta come to play, boy. Oh yeah. Fab. For sure. You gotta come to play. Well, you have to play anyway. But look, because there are a lot of guys, there are a lot of guys in this league that have the utmost respect for Lamar. Yeah. All of them. And, and so when you, everybody, when you take, when you take a shot at him, they're like, bro, this man don't bother nobody. And a lot of people, You know, there's some that feel like, man, he should have been a three time MVP. They robbed him of that.


So they, like I said, like, like, I don't know the kid, so I wish him the best, but hey, he talking like that. He, he, he might, he might be like that, don't you? Yeah. I be, we gonna find out. He gonna, I know one thing. I know who he is now. So all I wanna see is if the memes and the jokes match up with the play, because it gotta be, it gotta be balanced. It can't be one or the other. It got gotta make sense. It absolutely has to make sense. And Especially with a game like Kobe Bryant, even though it's football, you got, you got to represent. Yeah. Yeah.


I don't know. I don't know if I'd have, Hey, they named him Kobe Bryant, obviously. I mean, there have been a lot, but I mean, there are a lot of Kobes. Yeah, a lot of Kobes. Yeah. Since that Kobe that burst onto the scene at Lower Meridian in Philly and drafted by the, the Hornets and traded to the Lakers. Yeah. CBS sports ranked the 12 NFL teams most likely to win their first Super Bowl this season. Number one is the bills. Number two are the Lions. Number three are the Bengals. Number four, the Texans five chargers, six bikes, seven Cardinals, eight Jags, nine Falcons.


10 Titans. 11 Panthers. 12 Browns. You like the order? Yeah. I mean the the order is, is understandable simply, I I see we're at, we're at four and they have the lines in front of us. I think because we start so goddamn slow, we start so slow and we we're, we're climbing towards the end of the season scrambling, trying to get ourselves out a hole where we haven't even got a chance to consistently, consistently be in the talks of being a contention and playoff contention each and every year. Winning a division and taking care of business early in the season. So we don't have anything to worry about.


Now, the team that we're mentioned take care of business every single fing year and our leasing contention and have a chance when it comes to playoffs. Lions, the bills. Who? The who? The who, the who's the is the who's the third team I'm missing on? Bills, Lyons. Bengals, Texans, chargers, Vikings. Oh, We were the Cardinal Jack. Huh? Who were the third team? Yes. Oh, okay. Okay. We, oh, okay. We good. But we're we're third because of what I just said though. That damn slow start, man. Damn. We gotta fix that man. Well, y'all didn't fix it soon enough, so I'm gonna need that. Need what?


My daddy records. You don't mind handing it over to me, do you? You talking to Me? Yeah, I'm talking to you. Wait, hold on. You say you need your, your daddy's records. Boy, what that mean? I ain't never heard that before. That's some old, that's some country shit. My money. Hey, what you call it? Your daddy's records? That's some loose, Yeah, I wore my daddy records. Okay. I like that some. That's some nice slang right there. Boy. Can I get that on Joe? Hey, I'm a, You know what? Do me a favor. Do me a favor. What's That? You got PayPal, Zelle, apple Pay Cash App.


Venmo. All you have to do right now, I would let the chat see me. I want the chat to see me send you your money. I'll send it right now. If you download. I'm have, I'm, I'm gonna get, I'll tell you what, I'm gonna get Shelly's. I'm gonna get Shelly's. I think Shelly got PayPal. Okay, there we go. Just send it Shelly. Okay. Okay. Finally. There we go. We got somewhere. There we go. Boston Sports Talk Radio host and former New England Patriot quarterback Scott Zola says it's possible that the Pats could release Stefon digs before he ever plays it down for the team speaking on 98 to five Sports Hub. Zak said the following about the potential of the Patriots cutting digs. I came to this show yesterday with the opinion, with, with the opinion.


Not an opinion, but the knowledge that is on the table That Was, that is being thought of. And it's just not the boat. It's just not the boat. There's some other things that I've heard that put some things into question. Are you all in here? He's Ocho This is what he said. I came to this show yesterday with the opinion, not an opinion, but the, but the knowledge that it is on the table. A whole bunch of nothing. That's what I say, Ocho.


But You know, when you go to place like New England, You know O Joe, You know how you got to move? You can't move like you can. I know it's the off season, but you can't move Like you were there as a matter of fact, I don't even wanna talk about it. Talk about when you was there. Hold on, hold on. Bill Hick ain't there no more. It it's the same system. Bill. Mike, what do you, lemme ask you who, lemme ask you a Question. Mike. Mike. Mike Vrl doesn't, doesn't, doesn't work with a hard hand the way Bill does now. We, we talk about a players coach. Now you got Mike in there that it is a different ballgame. Okay. I'm sure he doesn't run that motherfucker like a military system. Hey Chad. Hey. Yo, I sw for God, but my right hand to guard. If anybody in the chat has seen the movie Full Metal Jacket, if you seen the Yeah, I've seen it.


Full metal jacket. I know you saw Full metal jacket, right? Yes. Remember the beginning of the movie, the drill? Yes. Yes. I've never been to the Army, never been to the Navy, never been a Marine. But the way the drill sergeant was in that movie is what it felt like. The structure, the discipline where everything had to be Right. The cursing, the, it didn't matter who you was, who you were, everybody was expendable. That's how Bill, that's the kind of ship type of ship Bill ran. This is what Mike Rebel said. He wasn't happy with the video either. It's something we're aware of and obviously we wanna make great decisions on and off the field. Yeah. Any conversation that I've had with Stefan will remain between him and I and the club.


So I'm ask you again Ocho Yeah. If it was no big deal, do you believe the head coach would've said what? He said We didn't have a choice. Any conversation we may or may not had will remain. He had no choice but to say something. 'cause everybody made a big deal of the goddamn thing. It was every Matter. No, no, no, no. I don't worry about what the fans say. I ain't got nothing to do with that. I run the club. I wanna Run it. You have to because that's the, that's the era we're in. We're in the social media era. So if there's that video, did Bill Bella check every response? Did Bill Belichick ever respond? Did Bill Belichick ever respond? Bill? Now there were things going on in Tennessee he didn't Respond to trying to Bill and Mike, they're two completely different coaches. There are different coaches, but where do you think he learned how to coach?


Where do you Think you learned from what you around? I Have have a question. Yes. Everybody that under Bill that went to be a head coach, how did they do? I'm not saying they, I'm not saying, I'm not saying Nobody's been able to do or emulate or cop no. At what he's done and been, But Ibel. But here's the thing. Yeah. You want to have as few of distractions, right? Teams that have few distractions. Those are the teams that normally win. Not saying always because the Cowboys of the nineties, they were so talented, they had distractions in one, regardless. But the question, look here for Scott Zola to say what he said. He said this is not an opinion.


Who, who is Scott Zola? He calls play by play. He does color for the Patriots. Okay. Okay. Okay. He was there when you was there. Okay. All right. Hey, he said this is not, he said with the opinion, not an opinion, but the knowledge that it is on the table. Now, why would he have said that if it's not the case? He said a lot of things they say, they say a lot of Things. So you think he making he making this up? No, I just say I take it with a great assault. Okay. Can I ask you a question? Yeah. Who's the best receiver in that wide receiver room right now?


That ain't how they do it in New England. It's the Patriot way. It Ain't, you don't even have the players to have the Patriot way anymore. You can't move. Number 12 is gone. Ray Lawrence is not there. No. Terrell Sus and Reid are not in Baltimore. You play like a raven. The standard is, the standard Is different. You have LeMar Jackson, The standard. There's no Tom Brady in Nick. The Mark Jackson did not fit the culture in Baltimore. Who, I don't care how great Lamar is. Lamar Jackson did not fit the culture for what's in Baltimore. That was long established way before Lamar Jackson set foot in Baltimore. Wait, I'm talking about, I'm, I'm talking about from a skillset. Drake, may, Lamar Jackson. I'm talking about the culture in which you do think ocho the military, first of all, it's not people that go to the mil, the, it's been established, the military run, regardless of who's there.


You set the standard, right? You do things a certain way. I'm not, listen, I, I don't really know Stefan Digs. I know he's a phenomenal receiver. I know he's coming off a a, an injury and I do believe he can help the Patriots. Yeah. He's the best receiver there. What do you mean? Believe Ocho O Ocho. Was he the best receiver in Buffalo? Yeah. And then let him go. Was he the, was he he was one of the best receivers in, in Houston. Let go. Yeah. Yes. But ne Nico Collin was that boy ne Negro Collins damned near a top five. But go ahead, lemme Ask you a question. Was Tyreek Hill the best receiver in Kansas City?


Hell yeah. Was Randy Moss the best receiver in Minnesota? In Oakland, in New England? Yeah. Wast the best Receiver in San Francisco. Was he the best receiver in Philly? Was he the best receiver in Dallas? Yeah. You see where I'm going with this? Yes. Okay, I see you going. Okay. So, but also, also, everybody doesn't have to move like a goddamn robot. It's the off season. He's on a boat. Okay. Now everybody don't wanna fucking live like that. Okay? That's fucking boring. Ocho. He's on phone having fun with women. I don't ocho you, you, you killing the messenger. No, I'm no, I know. No, I stay with me. You talk. Listen, listen to me. Stay, stay with me real quick.


Okay? When you, you operate in a different manner. You stay with me. I love you to death. You operate in a different manner. Yes. From New England, they have a certain way to do things. Everybody's not living life born like a fucking robot. Everybody. You operate that way. But here's the thing. He did nothing do. He's on a boat that, that's it. Oh, Joe, listen, they talk about, he knows he's being filmed, so whatever he passing out is not what people are saying. It is. I'm sure he told Vrabel that it was harm. I don't ojo. All I'm saying is, is that, excuse me, in certain situations, you have to move accordingly.


Yes, sir. I understand that. In the off season, that should be my free time. Right. But you just have to, You know, you have to move a certain way. I got you. I'm with you. That's all I'm saying with you. I'm with you. I'm, but listen, I and I get like, like I, I listen. We're in a different time. We're, we're, we're in a different time. Players are look different. Unc you ain't go nowhere. You know? My cheap ass ain't go nowhere. I've been in Miami all my life. I've been on the boat one time in 2000 and I threw up. I ain't been on the boat since. Right. So, I mean, just, I, I'm, I'm just looking at it from a different landscape. Not defending Stefan digs at all. I'm just looking at it from a different standpoint of, damn, these boys can't even live they life cameras everywhere.


You really can't do nothing. You can't go nowhere. I mean, but You know, it was like that in New England ocho because guess who's still there? Mr. Craft? Oh yeah. Yeah. You think he's on, you think he's on board with this? You know how he is. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for Apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card. Now terms, apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025, and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this contents not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk. For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from I do Part two Ozempic and a Pill. It's Oral Semaglutide and is now available from Future Health. Go to future health.com to get affordable access to Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic, and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. No insurance needed. Visit future health.com future without the e to start losing this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


Hey There, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Pringles, Ritz crackers and chips. Slice soda, wonder buttons and bread and natural choice lunch meat. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Listen, they, they had one year, right? Yes. They gave, they they fired. What's his name? After, after, come on. What's his name? Huh? Oh, Gerard Mayo. Rod Mayo. They gave him one year, You know, Friday. So now Abel's there. We want to turn things around fast as possible, get all the pieces around a quarterback. And Drake May, who played very well last year and they wanted to make another leap this year. Giving them all the right pieces and players that make his job easier. Step gigs is one of those players that makes his job easier in that, in that wide receiver room.


Veteran presence. Very good receiver. One of the better rock runners of the league despite ACL injury. Hell, he one of the better rock runners of the league with one motherfucking leg. Excuse me for cursing, but I understand what happened. Steph probably won't have this issue again. Probably won't be on any boats again. Probably won't be around cameras again. But he still, yeah, this is the same life he's always lived. This is, this has always been him. I'm sure You know, I I know him personally and just what we saw isn't what it was. Yeah. I believe that, that I just, and I, I just think the thing is, is that you have to understand where, like, okay, maybe they allowed you to do that and Buffalo allowed you to do that in Houston. But You know, when you go to middle New England right, they operate on a different set of rules.


They do. They and, and they, and they really, and they really do. 'cause Mr. Crab, You know, he like his little distraction as possible. Even though Coach Belichick, the Patriot, I guarantee you they still gotta sign up. Say even Coach Belichick is gone. Absolutely. Colin Brady is gone. Absolutely. They probably still got a thing up that says the Patriot Way, just like the Ravens have up play like a Raven. Yeah, Absolutely. That culture was established a long time ago. And the thing is, is that what helped Baltimore is, as you mentioned, Lamar came in and he bought into that culture play to a standard. I've played all that other stuff don't even matter.


Yeah. I play to the coach. I play like a Raven, the Ray Lewis's and the Rod Woods's and, and, and, and the Terrell Suggs and Ed Reed myself, when I was there, there's a standard in which you play to, and it helps when you don't have a Ray Lewis and all those guys there, but you still have a Lamar, right? And so Lamar's job is make sure the guys that hopefully he has another decade that he tries like, look guys, I'm not gonna be here forever, but we, there's a tradition here and your job is to uphold that. So yeah, it's, it's, it's just a different time now. Ocho Yeah.


It's different. Yeah. You, you right. It it is really, really different. Yeah. And, and it is so, it's so funny. I I'm, I'm I'm not gonna go there. I'm not gonna go there. But we talk about, You know what, I ain't, I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna do it because we, we talk about the Patriots and You know, You know what? I'm gonna leave it alone. Brad Holmes, he, he's the general manager of the alliances, right? Takes reporters to task over past criticism. Let's take a listen to what he had to say. Ocho, I Like this. I like this. When you look back at those picks and those picks were not welcome by many in this room. You know, Dave, you want to pick quarterback. You didn't want us to pick pun, You know, people didn't want us to wait till the fourth round to draft a wide receiver.


But every single move was intentional. I Think you all would expect me to be accountable when I'm up here, when, when things don't go right, you would expect me to be accountable when you heard so much negativity about our draft. And then when I said, look, wait till they start playing football. It'll be appreciative when they start playing football and people start giving 'em credit. The negativity kind of just, everybody forgot about it. I, I give, I give probably two people credit in this room that said, You know what, I was wrong. Hmm. I like that.


I like that. I like the fact that he could sit up there and actually do that and let the media know that you guys don't know the game like I do. I know what I'm doing when I'm in that war room. I've studied, you guys might have been, y'all might be a part of the media. You might be, unless you might understand the game, but you don't know it as well as I do. That's why I'm in the position I'm in now. Picking and choosing what our team needs, what our needs are, what players best fit our system. And he hasn't missed yet. Yo major trade for Jerry. Know what Fing reporter complaining about getting tracked Because they wanted him to take, they wanted him to take Chase.


Oh, okay. Oh, understandable. But listen, you didn't miss with Jamon Williamson and Ross St. Brown. Now it ain't Jamir Gibbs prime winner, but you still got some dogs. You got Brian Ranch. Woohoo. You got Jamir GI and, and David. Don't you got in arms? Arnold there, Terry on Terry Arnold. Yeah. He nice. Yeah, he nice. You got Him. Hey, we get my dog to stop holding and use his feet a little bit more. You got Hutchson. You gonna be all right? You got Hutchinson. Oh. Oh. Because here's the thing. When guys miss, oh, you coulda had this guy, you coulda had that guy, right? They quick to write that in the paper. We'll write that in the paper.


How good Brad Holmes has been with his draft Selection and he and he hasn't missed. Hey, I have a question. Was he there? Yeah. When they drafted, is it not Arnette? There's another, there's another, there's another DB that I really like from Ohio State that went that day. I think he got drafted to To Oh, you talk about? Yeah. I I really liked him in college. What's the guy's name? He went to Atlanta. He was a Yeah, I know who you talking about. Nah. OK. Okuda. Jeff Okuda? No. Jeff Oda. Yeah. I like the young boy. Where, where? Where'd Jeff Okuda now? Anybody know? I know. Anybody, anybody in the chat know where Jeff is now? I really like, hey, I really like On is like, I think he on is like his third or 14.


Nah, it's only like you year four, year three or four for him. Okay. Hey, I like, I like him, man. Hey, that got Brian Branch. What, what team is he on now? Because he got traded. I think they traded him. Yeah, but was he Yeah, he got drafted to Detroit though. He got drafted to Detroit. He was in Atlanta. He was in Houston. Now he's on Minnesota. I said he's on his third or 14th now. Man, I wonder.


I, yeah, I wonder why I don't, I don't wanna Know what you was talking about. Like Yeah, he not there. No, he's on his third. I I knew he is not there. I'm just saying. I'm just saying. No, I'm saying, but I knew he was on his third or 14th. Oh, Okay. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Yeah. Yeah. I like him. I like, I like, Oh, Joe, OBJ said he never wanted to leave the Giants. I never ever wanted to leave New York Giants. The reason you heard me talking about what I was going on was because I was pissed. Because where I come from in college, if we lost one game, our season was over. This was the organization I got drafted to, they believed in me. So if the Giants went and won the Super Bowl, I would be happy. But deep down inside, I wanted to be the one, no question.


So it's definitely, you'll always hold that, but then someone like me went, the Rams wasn't the Super Bowl, but still, you just won't back. Odell has bounced around between five teams since joining the NFL in 2014. Yeah. Man, Odell man was a, you Don't realize Ocho Yeah, you and I both, I played on two teams. Yeah, you played on two teams. Yeah. You don't realize how good you got it. You, everybody always thinks it's better somewhere else. And I can, I'm gonna have so many more catches and I'm gonna have so many more yards and I'm gonna have so many more touchdowns. Yeah. And everything that you need is right where you are.


You, You know what, but he was in a situation where he didn't wanna leave. He didn't wanna leave. Huh? He, he was, he was perfect. He was perfect in New York. Well, you have to, you have to ocho you can't say, I don't wanna leave this job and I conduct myself in a manner which they're gonna get rid of me. Ocho damn. Yeah. Yeah. You right, right. I I'm listening. I don't, don't, don't scream at me. I, But I'm saying No, but I'm saying he said he didn't wanna leave. But do you, I I mean, O Odell could have conducted himself in a way. Yeah. And they wouldn't have. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. He put him in a, he put him, he backed him in a corner. Yeah. Yeah. You right, you right. Hey, unbelievable. He was Man o odells. First four years, was it electrifying as you going to see any receiver?


Yeah. You go back and look at his numbers, you look at the, at the amount of yards, the amount of touchdowns, the highlight plays, he was sensational. Yeah, Absolutely. Absolutely. Babe Box office baby. And he was tailor made for that because of his personality. He's in New York. Perfect. Perfect. Why Raw? He could have been Michael Strahan. He could have been GI mean, he had, I mean, he had New York eating out the palm of his hand. Hey, that's the, that's the perfect scenario. But I, You know what? It is funny. I think if for, for Odell, if I think he's able to reflect and look back on it now, he would probably change the way Oh yeah.


For Sure. Not the wait, not the way he acted on, on the, not on the field. I'm talking about on the field. Maybe some of the stuff on the sideline, maybe some of the stuff behind Yes. That we didn't, yes. I think he'll change some of that. But what did for sure, what he did on the field? Oh my goodness, Though. You special. You was special. Oh yeah. Listen, I said it not too long ago. I remember we had a, some shows a while ago, I say, well, he, he might've been the first $200 million receiver and this was before they even got to the money they getting into now. That's how special and box off C was. Well, that, that's what he was trending towards. Yeah. Oh my goodness, man. He, I just, that that's what I, I I mean, I I hate that.


Yeah. Because he, I promise you, he gonna kick himself because he knows he never should have left the Giants. He knows it. I mean he, what, what he wasted two, two years in Cleveland, in Baltimore. Here in Miami. Yeah. The ra the Rams was, was a great pickup from him. He had a quarterback to get him the ball. He had an offensive coordinator that knew how to get him the ball. He had Cooper Cup that was playing phenomenal. So when they double cup, he's working one on one. You remember the, the game he had against Tampa because they trying to double Cooper Cup. He goes four a hundred. Yeah. Cooper Cup still get his a hundred. He was playing well in the championship game against the 49 ERs. Played well in the Super Bowl, had a to caught the first touchdown, tore his knee up.


That's the second time he had torn that knee up. Yeah, they did. And just, oh, And then all of a sudden, You know, he broke his ankle. I think he broke his ankle. There's only so much, there's only so much Twitch. Yeah. You got in your body only so much Twitch. You got ocho. Amen. There's only so much you got. He was phenomenal. I mean, his hands, his route running his his his, his his his, he played a lot bigger than his, his stature. Absolutely. Hey, when you got, He was run after the catch. I was just, I was just getting rid. Hey, what is it about every goddamn LSU in Alabama receiver, they are phenomenal with the ball in their hands.


Phenomenal Jettas, chase Brian to jr. Julio Jones, Jerry, Judy, Malik neighbors Aek man. Because each one teach one. They go back and they teach, You know, Julio and you got Calvin Ridley and you got Amarii Cooper and I read, and I About, and you got, you got Waddle and you got Devonte and you got Ru You know you got Judy. Yeah. There's one thing to be able to run routes, but then they got the other half, All of 'em can run. Roddy White says Kyle Shanahan told him he'd rather throw the ball to Jacob, Tammy than Roddy with the game on the line.


Shanahan told Roddy he wasn't a top four option on the 2015 team. Man, Shanahan lying like crazy, man. We talking about Roddy White. What? Not just anybody. We talking about Roddy White. But that wore 84 huh? As a Atlanta legend to me, a player I used to watch you talk about Roddy top playing. Damn Julio had He said that for real? I don't know. That's what, that's what Roddy White said. Hell, I wasn't there. Hey, riding on Roddy White. Julio had 203 targets. He had 136 catches, 1,871 yards, eight touchdown. Jacob, Tammy had 81 targets, 59 catches, 657 yards, one touchdown.


Devonte Freeman. He had 97 targets, 73 catches, 578 yards, three touchdowns. Roddy White had 70 targets, 43 catches, 506 yards, 11.8 yards per catch. One touchdown. Well, what was this his last year or something? I think it was his last year in Atlanta. Oh. Oh. Well that I, I would see why the numbers look like that. Yeah, I see what that look, I see. Well, I know something about, I know something about Kyle. I've known him since he was a kid. Yeah. Played for his dad. He has a lot of dad. He got a guy like Julio is this guy?


Yeah. Hope Julio gets a blow because that's when the ball gonna come your way. Oh, he gonna feed, oh, his number one receiver gonna get fat. He Gonna feed him. Huh? That's the, that's the way the West Coast system work, right? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Most definitely. Look at Jerry, look at Teo in that system. Yeah. Look at my brother in that, in that system. And Look at, look at Cooper K Triple Crown year. Look at drafting Po Naco. Okay. Boom. Same, same thing. Yep. Go back and look at Green Bay when it was Antonio Freeman and all those that Westgate, Hey, green, green Bay still run West Coast, but it's my committee now.


Yes. And telling who gonna have a goddamn day every single. Well, that's what, that's what Jacoby said. That's what J Jacob said. Yeah. We need a a dog. You need one guy that you can throw the ball to. Right. And he going, Hey, he gonna go get it. But like, I, You know, you ask me. I don't know. I don't know. Alright, Ocho, now it's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for QA. Damn, I enjoyed that football. Y'all excited? What? Hey, last half of August and August of September, October, November, December, January, February, March, boy.


True. Infamous 73 Halliburton shower curtain. All is certain. Sunday and five Triplex got Saturday. Ns, Audi a six. Databricks got that La Portier ready to mix. Pace was a six. Red hood says Nicks have a coaching problem. You can't win with Kaden Brunson. They need a defender type superstar that both are to ball dominant and suck at defense. Hmm. They did not play their best game tonight. You got 22 from Kat eight or 1904 from the three you got 24 from og, 10 of 18.


Mikhail Bridges only took nine shots. He had 15 points. The turnovers that defense wasn't good tonight. No. That defense led him down tonight. They shot 54%. The, the Pacer shot 54% from the floor. They shot 52% from the three. You let a team shoot 50 and they shoot 30 and you let 'em shoot and they shot 33 and they make 17 of them. Yeah. Yeah. You probably gonna lose. And You know, they wanna run. They run, make or miss, and now you turn the ball over so they're out again. Look at the disparity.


Look at the disparity in this game on points off turnovers. Right. Look at the points and points in transition. It's hard to win like that when you lose on both of those. A dab Smith said, okay, c finna sweep Pacers. Pacers have depth, but they have no bigs to contain. Che and Hartstein. Pacers haven't had play. Pacers also haven't played a team with wings like OKC. I'll agree. OKC is going to take at Helm a Halle away with Caruso and Dort. Straight blowout. See, What did they split the series? What? The series this year? I heard, I heard explanations like that. I heard explanations like that all during the playoffs on how the pace was gonna lose all the games.


And here we go with another explanation about how they gonna lose again if I was a gambler. Man, You gambling man. You taking the, you taking the paces? Yeah. Yeah. I I don't, yeah. For some reason. Shoot, I might matter of fact, I might go, I'm go put a little, little hot, hot hundred dollars on it.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family. Parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for AP P'S preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more@apu.apuus.edu slash military.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms, apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025, and spend 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this contents not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees.


Hey, This is Jenny Garth from I do Part two Ozempic and a Pill. It's Oral Semaglutide and is now available from Future Health. Go to future health.com to get affordable access to Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic, and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. No insurance needed. Visit future health.com future without the E to start losing this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like General Mills, cereal, Chobani, Greek yogurt, Pillsbury Crescent rolls, cinnamon rolls and biscuits, Haagen-Dazs ice cream, Linor chocolate truffles, Tillamook ice cream and Cove probiotic sodas. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


They had the play this Y Yeah. Okay. Okay. Oklahoma City won both matchups JC Huh? Seven game series. Regular season playoffs. Complete different atmosphere, different type of pressure. Yep. JC JJ jc, Jareds d Dwight Howard forever. Legend and good to see you on Nightcap. Wish you had back in NBA, but thank you for all you've given the game. Peace and love. Captain Bernard Wood Jr. Said Ocho, my question is, what is the matchup you're looking forward during the football season?


Mine is week four. Bengals versus the Broncos. Hey, listen, You know what I'm looking for? I'm looking Is Roby, is Roby gonna have his ass out there on t Higgins again? Hey, all I know is Pastor Tan, lock that thing down. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. Listen, I love Pat Pee. I love, I love, I love P two. I love him to death. But I'm gonna tell you something, I'm gonna tell you what Uno finna do. Uno gonna take it to church. It's a reason they have NFL games on Sunday. The man didn't give up. Demand didn't give up. About 120 yards all year. Let here listen to me. Week four you. Week four, there's a certain NFL games are on Sunday and the congregation and Chase is finna be the preacher and Patrick.


PS two he Two, he finna pay his ti Hey, he Finna pay, he finna pay his ties. Okay. Huh? Okay, come on man. Come on man. Woohoo. Football season baby. PJ P 11 said, what do you think about the city where the team hosting two bowl versus the same cities getting recycled? Atlanta, new Orleans, la, Arizona. No disrespect decisions, but I'm sure they're nice, but let others get some shine. But I think the thing is, is that the weather is normally nice in la The weather is normally nice in Arizona. The weather is normally nice.


In, in, in, in, in places. In Vegas. Vegas, Vegas, Miami, San Fran. No New Orleans. No New Orleans is hosting more Super Bowls than anybody. Hey. Because they had the dome. Atlanta's go back to get another one and they going to Atlanta, what, 29? I think they're going back to Atlanta in 29. OCHO maybe sooner. Hold on, hold on. Is San Francisco this year? Where's it year? Yes. Where is this year? Atlanta in 28. Okay. You go in San Francisco, LA, Atlanta. Okay. Okay. That's gonna be nice. Yeah.


And plus you gotta realize they got brand new stadiums. Atlanta got a brand new stadium so far. Brand new. And plus the weather because it's, it's not for the, I mean people bring these, these, these, these, these sponsors. They bringing their families. They wanna go, they wanna go to the beach. They wanna lay out, I mean, they had the soup, they had the soup bowl in, in, in New York and they had a blizzard that week. Not, not smart. Hey listen, from a, from an economic standpoint, it was good. It was good for New York, even Though it was cold and they had owl in Minnesota. Really? Ocho I remember that year. I remember that. What You going well tell, I I want you to tell me, what activities are you going to do in Minnesota?


Snowboard, ice skate? Most of the time the, the, the the wives and the and and the families, they want to go out and they don't wanna put on winter colts. Absolutely not. Go James 84 ocho. Is Odell a hall of famer? You talking to you, huh? Nah, he said ocho. Nah, he said UNC and ocho. Okay. Well you go ahead. Is he all of famer?


I don't know. I don't know. You got the jacket, You know the requirements. I made my jacket. He needed a couple more years. That if he could have, if he could have put together a couple seasons in Cleveland, he could put the couple of seasons somewhere else. You think about what could have been ocho. Yeah. What could have been. Unfortunately, I don't think odells gonna make it.


Brian Ash Ocho what are your thoughts on P-S-G-U-C-L final victory and who you got upcoming Nations leagues Finals. PSG game was really good. I was surprised. I was surprised. I didn't, I knew they would, I I knew they would win. I didn't know they would win by this margin. It was, it was, it was almost, it was embarrassing. I, I felt, I felt bad for Italian. The Italians, I felt bad for any Milan fans. The the players, I'm not sure. Nobody, nobody showed up. Nobody showed to play. It looked like they didn't even belong on the pitch. You know, they were, they were tired. I, I, I don't, I don't know what it was. Most of the time, especially in soccer, You know, momentum.


The momentum shifts. At no point in this game did it look like. Okay, now the momentum and the, the advantage is in inter Milan's half or in their hands, like the whole game. PG dominated. So United Nations, I'm, I'm not sure, I'm not sure Dr. French yell Bellamy. Hey fam Ocho, what type of content creator are you leaning towards? More like Mr. Bees, CAAT or Ashton Hall. Love y'all. No, Not like Mr. Beast because he does nothing that is is endangering his life. Kai Sinat is having fun, You know, doing No, not like that. And no type of con like swimming with sharks, with no cage.


Riding a bull. Nobody's gonna give you insurance. I'm not asking for insurance. I'm creating content. Okay. Hey, and if, if, if I happen to go doing one of, I'm going out on my sword creating content. So the type of content creator I'm trying to be is, that'd be the name of my show. Life or death. Yeah. I like that. I like, I like that life or death. Hey, I can somebody please explain to me what type of wifi or camera and all the other streamers from AMP or whatever, whatever it is that they use, where they walk around.


They, they drive places and the wifi is perfect. What the hell are they using? Everything is clear. I just, just whatever. Just send me a DM on Instagram. Oh, okay. Where your microphone, What microphone Exactly. See You mean my microphone for Oh, you talking about my mic? Mic? Yeah. Oh, it's, it's getting fixed. That's why I had, I did the last two shows in here. No, the whole room getting painted again. Oh Lord. I mercy my, my new sign. My new sign is my new sign. My new sign is up. The Indiana Pacers are going to the NBA finals, thanks to a 1 25, 1 0 8 victory over the New York Knicks.


They win the series in six games. Seven players in double figures led by Pascal, aka, who was named Larry Bird. Most valuable player given to the Eastern Conference. Winner Pascal AKA had 31 points, Neme 10 points. Miles Turner had 11, Nihart had 14. Tyrese Halle, who finished second in the Larry Bird Award, 21 points, 13 assists, six rebounds, Obie topping at 18 points and tb. Thomas Bryant, three of five from the four. Three or four from the three point line. 11 points, 11 big points.


They will face the Oklahoma City Thunder on Thursday, right? The game kicks off Thursday, June 5th. The game kicks off June 5th. Don't thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. I'm Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own bingo, ringer, Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And we wanna thank our special guest, newly elected hall of Fame member, Dwight Howard, right, who's an eight time all star. Eight time all NBA and three time defensive player of the year for stopping by when you get some time. D Howard, stop by again. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit the like button. And guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


We wanna thank each and every one of you for your support and your continued support. Thanks to you Teddy bear, Teddy, thanks to you. All of this. You make all of this possible, your ears, your eyes, and your word of mouth. Thank you. We could not have done it without you. Please make sure you check our shade by La Portier. We do have it in stock and if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Very. The best tasting VSOP premium cognac on the market. We beat 'em all. Try for yourself and let me know what you think. Please drink responsible and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of his platforms, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out.


That link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Again, the Indiana Pacers are the beast of the east. They win the Eastern 1 25 1 0 8 over the Knicks win the series four two. Tyree Hallberg was sensational. Again, 11 points in the fourth quarter as he and Pascal aka lead the Pacers. Pass the Knicks. We're off tomorrow. We're back on Monday. I'm unc, he's Ocho. Thank you guys for joining us. We'll see you on Monday. The volume


When it's PCS time. You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school because family supports family at American Public University. We support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse. Your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two, Ozempic and a Pill. It's Oral Semaglutide and is now available from Future Health. Go to future health.com to get affordable access to Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic, and Zeep Bound for only $3 a day. No insurance needed. Visit future health.com future without the E to start losing this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent study, sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sim back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


This is an iHeart podcast.