
You're listening to an iHeart podcast.


Okay? Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's X purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Kickoff summer with Memorial Day savings at Lowe's. Right now, get five Scott's Naturescapes, one and a half cubic foot mulch bags for just $10. Plus, get up to 40% off. Select major appliances and save an extra $50 on every $500 you spend on select major appliances, $396 or more. Lowe's, we help you save valid through 5 28 mulch. Shopper excludes Alaska and Hawaii. Selection varies by location while supplies last. See lows.com for more details.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Tito's Handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Tito's made in Austin, Texas. Real attention to detail. I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice refreshing. Easy summer, winter, spring, totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, it's the perfect time to kick back with some Tito's. It's what I pour You should too. Distilled and bottled by fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


Let your imagination take flight with an AI powered PC from Lenovo. Whether it's creating digital art, designing new software, or building a portfolio for a future career. Our PCs are powered by Intel core ultra processors to help students unlock smarter learning and unleash their creativity. That's the power of Lenovo with Intel inside, all you have to do is choose the one that fits your passion. Head to lenovo.com to shop a IPCs and find your perfect companion. Plus get 5% off when you create an education account, The volume.


Hello ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. As you watch the OKC Thunder, take a commanding two oh lead one 18 to 1 0 1 0 3 over the Minnesota Timber Wolves. We'll get into that game in just a second. As I said, again, thank you guys for joining us for Nightcap. I am your favorite. Unc Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host, Liberty City, his own. He's been on the road traveling, but now he's back in his, his home establishment. The Bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowler, the All pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And we have a very special guest out of the U out of Georgetown University. He's a two time all star, all defensive player center of the Indiana Pacers Roy Hibbert.


Roy, how you doing bro? I'm happy to be here. Thanks for having me and been a big fan of both of you guys. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks for joining us. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We thank you for your support. We thank you for your continued support because without you, there can be no UNC in ocho. So we greatly appreciate your support and all things Nightcap and everything that she Shea Media has done thus far. Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock now if you can't find it, any city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. It's a very special premium.


VSOP cognac, the best tastings VSOP on the market. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company, Pedro, all his platform Sheha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. The timber wolves, woo, just got beat by the thunder as you wrote that backwards. But anyway, one 18 to 1 0 3. Shaa was sensational again tonight. 38 points on 12 or 21 shooting one or two from the three point line. He's aggressive as always, 13 or 15 from the free throw line.


But he got great help from Jalen Williams. 12 or 20, 26, big points. Chet Holmgren, 22 big points. Jalen Williams also chipped in. He was their leading rebounder. He had 10 rebounds, count 'em up, 10 rebounders rebounds. Minnesota at was a very inefficient, he did have 32 points, OCHO and and Roy, but took him 26 shots to get it. One of nine from the three point line. Remember the other night, I think he was one for seven from the three point line and Julius just didn't have it tonight. This is by far his worst game in the postseason thus far. Two of 11 from the four or three from the three point line, only six points, and that's one that's not good enough to get it done.


I thought the bench played extremely well, gave him 35 big points tonight, ocho. But there were starters that let him down. Mike Colley, three points. Roy Rudy, Gobert. Now all of a sudden he don't look like Will Chamberlain, he doesn't look like he doesn't look like Shaquille O'Neal when he got competent Senator o out out there against him. And Julius again said he only had six points. Roy, I'm gonna start with you. I watched this game, Ocho, I've watched this game extremely, extremely close 'cause I wanted to see something. I'm not sure Minnesota can get more than a game if they can get that because the game will be close ocho Yeah. And the next thing You know, they're dar off and they'll be up by 15.


They will it back down to six and then they take off again and it'll be up by 14 watching this game. I, I'm just not, I, I'm, I, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm convinced they can't win this series, but I'm not sure they can get more than a game if that Roy watching this game, what is it? That's been so impressive and they've been impressive all year. So I guess we shouldn't really be surprised by the Thunder 68 wins in the regular season. The MVP, they got a defensive player of the year, excuse me, a defensive all defensive player and Lou Dort. What is it that OKC is doing to make it seem like Minnesota doesn't really belong on the court with him? Well, to me, to be honest with you, it's like the defense a around the three point line.


As soon as Anthony Edwards crosses the three point line, there's bodies around him. So like the open space, the drives to be able to like get to the basket and have the explosion and dunk at the rim. Those opportunities definitely are not there. And, and, and then the second thing for me is obviously just the, the, the guys like Caruso, I mean, you guys played, played sports and as much as the superstars played well, they need like the ancillary players, the role players to play well. Wallace dot, Jalen Williams, he's an all star, but on the defensive end they were hunting out and playing the passing lanes looking for tips and deflections. You know, they, it only says they have nine steals here, but I feel like they should have a least a lot more on the stat sheet because any time pass over the top to get to Julius Randall dot would sniff it out and then it'd lead to a transition bucket or Jalen Williams, he'd be upping the defense, getting deflections, getting tips.


I think he has should have way more than I think two steal than he has on the night. But he was getting out, leading the offense through their defense. He was, and I think the thing is is that you're right, they're loading up. They're not. Let Anthony Edwards sliver through those creases get to the basket ocho where he can get the, and ones he got a couple of tonight where they're doing a great job of la of loading up on him and they've got very active hands. You see every time Rudy Goldberg get off his rebound, they slap it out, they get it going the other way. And when you turn the ball over against a team that's that, that have great wing players, that means they in transition before You know it because they're taking the ball away at the top of the key to three point line so they don't got very far to go. It's not a one outlet laying up at the other end.


Yeah. Ojo you picked Minnesota. Yeah, man. What's been, what's been the most disappointing thing because they've been very disappointing, these games really haven't been close, right? What's been the most disappointing thing when you are watching Minnesota that you like, damn, this ain't the team that beat the Lakers four one, this is not the team that beat the Warriors and made it and and and did it convincingly. What is it that's been most disappointing watching the, the the t Wolf play? Hey, hon. Honestly, just to tell you the truth, inconsistency, inconsistency. One game, You know, Julius Randall, he, he goes off, he goes crazy. Then we have another game where Anthony Edwards, he's been efficient in.


He has, he's been inefficient in both games. He's putting up, he's putting up points, but he's taking a lot of shots to hit the, get the points. He's not very, he's not very efficient from the field and he, he's passing him games, his help, he's not getting much help collectively from the starters as well, the benches is doing okay, but the starters need to, need to contribute a little bit more often as opposed to counter to offset what, what home with what Chad and Jayden wait with Jayden Williams and, and and Shay are, are, are doing out there outside of that. I mean, Anthony Edwards is being aggressive as he as he as he can, but defensively they're smothering him. They're, they're contesting every shot and they're making it very difficult, difficult for Anthony Edwards to gets to the hole and get the, and get the points that he is getting after these past two games.


And looking at it, I'm, I'm kind of nervous for making my pick for, for picking the wolves. I I thought they would've played much better. SGA showing why he is the MVP being very efficient from the field and getting everyone else involved as well and collectively as a team defensively. I mean they're, they're doing what they've done all season long. They've won 68 games for a reason in season and to see the wolves down two zero, I'm kind of shocked, I'm, I shouldn't be shocked, but I kind of am thinking that the wolves will play a little better, especially after winning the previous series four one. And I'm, I'm kind of sad, I'm kind of sad a little bit. Yeah, I I think the thing is for me is that they're doing a great job of turning Minnesota over and they're doing a good, great, great job of taking care of the basketball.


They force 14 turnovers turn those into points. They only have six turnovers. And the difference is, is that this is a team and like we talk about this all the time. You look at their, their wing guys, they're loaded with wing defenders. They got six quality guys on a give forget, forget the starters. When they come in with their role players, they come in with Caruso, they come in with Wallace, they come in with Isaiah Joe, they come in with Wiggins bro, those elite, they're elite defenders on the wing. Yeah. And you see, I mean they're, they're deflections and tips. Even if they don't steal the ball Ocho now they've, because they've gotten a deflection, they've taken 3, 4, 5 seconds off the shot clock.


Now you in a rush to get into your set to try to get a quality shot. They make you pay for every turnover, every bad shot that you take, you throw up something and all of a sudden you hit the floor, they got the ball, it's ahead and the next thing You know, they're landed up at the other end. Go ahead Roy. Hey. And I, I won't say in terms of the Timberwolves, You know, may Anthony Edwards didn't do it too much this game, but from the last like, I think like three or four games, I feel like at the, at the beginning of the game when he gets to the basket, before he even feels the contact, he's like screaming, looking for the refs to, to bail him out. Yeah. And he misses those chippies around the rim. I've seen him go body to body and just like dunk on people.


Yeah. I know that's not always like how it, how it goes, but he has that finesse euro step and everything like that. And the next thing I'll say is like, I I I'm a little bit harder on, on big guys and, and I think something that you said earlier on about Gobert playing against competent bigs, You know, when I look at Isaiah Hartenstein and his good connection with Chet man, that lefthanded push floater is Yeah. Is elite around that, that around the, the the middle zone and all around that baseline. And then the fact that he can have that little hot push shot and then also have that high low lobster to Chet is great, but those bigs, You know, are doing well and I, I need to see Gobert make better decisions when he's like rolling to the basket, when he catches the ball, when he does dribble because You know, obviously he's not a, a great offensive threat, but he needs to give you a little bit something more than just dump off passes or just tip backs.


It needs to have good, You know, ball possession and make good decisions or good Chris passes hit people on the numbers. Hey, hey, hey Roy. Even, even though, You know, Roy's liability is, is the word I, You know, I, I'm, excuse me. Yeah, My bad. Even though Rudy's a liability Don't Straight. Yeah, my bad. Even though Rudy's a liability offensively, You know, he seems so unorthodox on the offensive they end, but they, there, there are passing that are in there for layups, for put backs that he should be able to make, especially in the game of this magnitude as important as this game is. And it just seems he's so outta sync unless he's on the defensive end, You know, outside of, You know, tipping or tipping a ball back in or catching a rebound and and and kicking it back out.


Like he has to, he has to be better in those games where he had 27 and the other end of the previous game where he had 24 in the last series. We need some of that, that magic in order for them to have a chance. 'cause outside of Ant man, UNC and Julius has to be on beat, has to be on point. Yeah. Julius has to play better every game. Yeah. Outside of those two unc it, it ain't looking good right now, man. The problem is, is that when Rudy had that 27 point 24 rebound game game, it made you forget in Utah he was unplayable in the fourth quarter last year he was unplayable in the fourth quarter. It seems that people forgot that he's never been an offensive guy and now he's not really giving you anything defensively.


He had one block. So if he's not giving you anything defensively, what is his purpose? What is his use? Nothing. I mean, he, he's got to be able to give you Roy, he got to give you something on one end or the other. Yeah. You like to have him give you 12 points, 12 rebounds, four blocks and some altars. He's not giving you any of that. And what happened in the Laker series? It made everybody forget that Rudy Goldberg has been basically his entire career unplayable in the fourth quarter in playoff games. That's, that's, that's his story. We saw him against the Clippers. We saw him every, we see him in the playoffs and it for, for some reason people forgot LA man, Rudy doesn't turn.


No he hasn't. He's playing against a team that didn't have bigs or didn't have competent bigs. And so now he's able to play 30, 34 minutes. Right Man, Rudy normally plays 20 minutes and come for a quarter time. He ain't nowhere near the floor. Yes. Standing up when they call time out he's standing up looking over everybody's shoulders looking, Hey y'all get that now? 'cause You know I ain't coming back out there. He's gotta give you more. I mean you think about this man gave you tonight ocho he gave you five points, nine rebounds, one assist in one block. Damn in 30 minutes, one block you talking about a four time defensive player of the year and ch and, and, and Shay getting, getting to the basket at will.


He, that's not supposed to happen. Okay. Jalen Williams getting to the basket at will. Hey man, well damn bro, you supposed to be guarding the rim is the money you security, you talk flash security. He said, Hey y'all come come in here and get that right there. Don't lay that up. Don't have any. Right. Yeah. Hey, hey, hey ain Finn to hold you. I I I'm lucky at him like bro, and see the, the, the thing is, is that Ru he's never been Roy. And, and correct me if I'm wrong, when I think of Rudy Gobert, I don't think about a great on ball defender. I think of a great help defender because if you look at bigs that he go against, they cook his ass every big that he goes against cooking.


I'm like bro, I ain't saying you gotta stop yoing, but you can't let him have 47 and 20. I ain't saying you gotta stop joining B but you can't let him get 35 in 19 every big. Now when he goes against somebody now he's go, he going against a a Rui or he gotta play against LeBron. He gotta play against, You know, a a a Vanderbilt. Oh he just, he I like that at Will Jabin. Now look at this right here again. They're gonna have, and he's their biggest player. So, and unless you come in with a a, a Nas Reed and Nas is really not a back to the basket. He's not a, a low post. He prefers to be like a stretch five on the wing.


That's where he likes to play. Occasionally if you get a mismatch he'll go, he did a lot more driving on the basketball, a lot more playing with his back to the basket because he had a mismatch. But if they don't get anything outta Rudy Gobert something offensively or defensively Jewish, Reynold can't give you six. He needs to give you, if a man gave you 32, he need to give me 24 to 28. At least that's the only way they're gonna have a chance. When you got Shaa got 38, you got Jaylen Williams got 26 and Chegg got 22. That's the only way you're gonna have a chance. I don't believe they can win this series Roy, but it's hard at watching this game really, really like watching and and watching what they do. It's just hard for me to see them winning a game.


Hey Roy, Roy and Unc man that goddamn SGA man. I knew, I knew he was nice, You know, I knew he was nice but man, he breaking the wool spirit out there man, defensively, he have no answer for him man. He get to a spot, he joined files, he's freezing the defense, his heads, he hey He put that elbow on him, That forearm, He creates the space. Listen, He create that space for that shoulder like Carmelo a little bit, man, I'm like, his toolbox is crazy. He got a crazy toolbox. And Iso Joe talk about the mid being somewhat non-existence and most of the players in his mid range game is crazy, huh? His mid range easy points.


He, he, he his mid, he getting about 11, 12 points just off midrange alone outside of threes and drives. 'cause he works on it. Everybody else wanna be at the basket or they wanna shoot the three. Nobody really works on the mid. Look at the guys that really work at the mid look at Kauai. Nice look at shape. Nice. Yeah, look at guys that really work at the mid-range. You gotta really work at it just like you put time in it, shooting those threes, put time in it, working on the threes. Roy you had a point you wanted to make. Go ahead. No, I mean every, everything Ocho said was exactly right, but to me also like the mental side of the game too, seeing the guys get frustrated and just push Sha Shea to the ground and get assessed of technical.


Yeah, get your ass down. You know, that's creeping into their minds, You know, and that to me is like another thing. Like you're just wearing them down, wearing them down. I think the Timberwolves will get a game at at at their home. But I, I agree with you. I I I find it hard to, to believe that they can win this series now, You know, with Gobert not being able to play to the, to the level that he has in the past defensively, I would think they would go small with Nas or with Julius and the fact that they haven't been playing that well, it, it, it, I don't know where they go from here for the, for the next game. I looked at, I look at my Pacers last night, You know Miles Turner, who I love, who actually, You know, they drafted to get my ass up outta there.


Told him respect him and everything. He actually, You know, I felt like he was selfless. He didn't like have a great game but like he wasn't in the game a majority in the third, in the fourth quarter. And you, and You know what the cel I mean not the Celtics but the other, the Pacers went small with topping and Rin at the four and the five for a little bit in Pascal. So I feel like the, the, the, the, the Timberwolves don't have a reliable four or five that can come in and, and and take Rudy's spot. That can give you some good minutes. Like my Pacers did last night. Well and they played and they played tv. Thomas Bryant came in and gave him some quality minutes last night also. And I think that's what you have to have. It's kinda hard because You know when you go, if you go small and I, and you talk about your Pacers, you go small against the Pacers and they mess around and go, all of a sudden they go ka and they go Mitchell Robinson.


Now you you in a world of hurt. Yeah. Bound kick out. Even if you, even if you, even if they take, if they take out ka they go Mitchell Robinson, if you take out, if you take, it's hard 'cause he look, all he is doing is looking for LOBs and to get Reba give you extra, extra chance the the next are big team. 'cause you, you go Kat, you go og, you got Mikhail Bridges who's six, seven, they got some athletic guys. And so if you go, if you go small, relatively small, if you say, You know what, we gonna start Nas then, then where, where, where you go? Are you gonna play, you gonna play Jayden McDaniels at the, at at the five spot?


'cause he's he's your next tallest guy. Tall. Yeah, tall. Yeah. Yeah. Unless you go, unless you play Jew. Unless you play J Rev at the five and then you got him trying to bang. Okay, maybe he, he bangs with a Hartenstein and Chet that's, You know, maybe Har probably Hartenstein, but they just gotta give more production. Rudy Gobert gotta give him more than five and nine. Mike Conley, one for six, one for four. That's not nearly, nearly good enough. And Julius Randall can't ever, ever just give you six points. He's too good. He's been too good. He's been exceptional. These playoffs. But like you said Ocho shay tonight, five straight games of at least 30 points. He had 38 8 with three steals, 31 points, five rebounds, nine assists, 35 points, four assists, three steals, 32, 3 and 6 31, 6 and seven.


First player in Fi franchise history with five consecutive 30 point playoff games. Tonight he made more free throws 13 than the Wolf starters. 12.


Hey, so we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know, a degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degrees. Hold thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head To your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Interested in investing in Bitcoin but not sure how to get started. Well with the Gemini credit card, you can dip your toes into Bitcoin without even trying. Just spend like you normally do groceries, gas, or a night out and instantly earn up to 4% back in Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos straight to your account with no annual fee. The Gemini credit card is pretty much a no brainer. And right now you can grab a $200 Bitcoin intro bonus. So go to gemini.com/card to learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Go to gemini.com/card, start building your bitcoin slash now terms apply. The Gemini credit card is issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend $3,000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts. This content is not investment advice and trading Crypto involves risk for more details on rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees


For period protection you can put on and forget about nothing beats Nick's Leakproof underwear, north America's number one Leakproof underwear brand. Let's face it, life can be unpredictable but your leakproof underwear shouldn't be. That's why millions of people choose Nick's for periods for light leaks, for everyday freshness. Nick's undies are super comfy, super absorbent and made to handle whatever your day throws at you Day two of your period Comfort your daily run, no problem. That big sneeze, You know the one. Yep, we've got you. And with styles like bikinis, boy shorts, thongs and high-rise plus sizes from extra small to four XL nicks makes it easy to find your perfect fit. Say goodbye to stress and leaks and say hello to undies that work just as hard as you do, no matter the leak. Find the style and level of protection you want@n.com and use code flow 15 for 15% off. That's KNI x.com code flow 15 for 15% off Nicks for your leaks for your Life.


You're a hustler, you get things done, but you don't always do things for yourself. With J-Lo Beauty, it takes just a few minutes a day to look like facials are a regular part of your routine. J-Lo Beauty's Fresh and Flawless skincare kit includes six skincare products that work as hard as you do. They'll hustle to brighten firm and hydrate your complexion morning and night. This skincare kit is a one and done solution that is clinically proven to visibly tighten and lift for instant and long lasting results. Cleanse, treat, moisturize, protect the fresh and flawless skincare kit. Does it all see why the kit's a bestseller today? Visit j beauty.com/deluxe and get an extra 25% off your first shipment plus free gifts with Code Deluxe. If you're not satisfied, return the bottles within 60 days for your money back. See the website for details? That's JLo beauty.com/deluxe to get that JLo.


Hey man, a goddamn minute. The boy toolbox, when we talk about him going to the free throw line so much, but when he put the ball on the floor, he's able to create every time he gets the ball, every time he gets the ball. I don't, I'm trying to understand how it so easy for him to get ISOs or to have people pick and it's so goddamn difficult for Anthony Evers to I So this creation where an has the ball you gotta, you not telling me Huh? Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead o go ahead let you finish more. Go Ahead. I'm just saying, you're not telling me when when it comes to when, when he, oh my goodness, when the SGA gets the ball on, it just seems every time, not every so often.


Every time he's a he gets, he's able to get iso he's able to create separation. If he can't get the iso, he's able to get it off the pick in the roll. He gets to a spot, he's so fucking efficient from the goddamn field, it seem like everything is working for him. Then on the opposite side, I'm like, well god damn, why is this so difficult for Ed? Not only did ISOs when he can't get iso then he had very little creation. 'cause defensively they still goddamn damn long and lengthy. It got damn hard just to get it goddamn shot on. Well the the team, the the thunder loading up and you see the differences is that they got per wing defenders, they switch one through five. Rudy go where, where he gonna go?


He can't make no threes. So I'm not worried about him. He's not an offensive weapon. So they, they say look, now one or two things, you either gonna start have to bliss him or trap him and make him give the ball up because if you let him play what they let him play too much one-on-one right now, if you let him play one on one, he's going to get his at 30 plus 30, he average 32.7 and you shoot and efficient, now he's back into 50%. You're not beating him. You let him get his numbers and you let him be efficient while he's getting his numbers. Ocho you're not beating this team J dub tonight, 2010 and five, his first ever twenty five, ten five game. You got che gave you 22, Bro.


It it's really, and there were nine for 33 from the three point line too. So it's not like they were knocking down threes and there was so much space you had to go tag a shooter. You have most dangerous shooter that's 27% from the three point line is not a good night. Right. And they were still able to like get whatever they wanted. I think the biggest thing is, is because they're able to play five on four because Rudy, that they know Rudy's not an offensive threat. So why, why am I guarding? Okay, OI want you to ask me that again. Why am I guarding him when he is not an offensive threat? Right. You right. Either he's gonna catch a lob or he's gonna try to get a putback and the thing is, it takes him so long to unwind so by the time he tries to bring the ball up, they slap down, they got the ball like going the other way.


How many times we saw that tonight? Yeah, you right. Hey Anthony Evans gotta be on point. He doing what he does. Even if you're not efficient, you gotta keep putting up point. He was aggressive. I'll give him back. He was aggressive. Did you look, I think he's selling too much. He got some of that. You know the the thing that happened was he took more threes this year. He led the NBA and made threes. He kind of think, and sometimes I think he falls in love with it a little too much. Right. But I i, At some point in time we just gotta come to the realization that the thunder had been the best team in the west and hoping and wishing and, and somebody, oh they do this Shaa is on damn near every night and I can see like he's gonna get to the foul line.


Yeah, he's getting to the foul line. They shot 24, they shot 24 free throws. He had 15 attempts. He's he's doing that's what we want. That's what we wanna see. Ocho we Okay, how did you get there? At least Jay is like, You know what this a I'm the MVP, lemme show you why I'm the MVPI was efficient shot almost 52% from the floor. I led the league in score and it seems like every, every night that he plays, he's in the thirties. Sometimes they're, they're not always the most efficient Right? But he's putting pressure on your defense. He can also pass the ball. When he had eight assists tonight and guys knocked down shots, Jalen Williams knocked down shots. Chet knocked down shots, they shot 50% from the floor.


But I don't Think you can beat them. If you shoot 41% from the floor, 28% from the three and you turn the ball over 14 times against this team, you gonna get to what you got every time. Double a double digit loss. You get double digit loss. Ain't no, ain't no way around it. Don't you? I wish I could give you some better news for your team, but I can't. Yeah, We get some better. We get some better play from that bench. You gotta have Conley Conley gotta show up man. Give Azo. He gotta show up and do what he do what he does hit, hit some of those threes, create some separation and do what he needs to do. And just an, you just continue to be aggressive. You just Randall continue to be aggressive and hope your supporting cash shows up and it's, it's an uphill, it's an uphill battle from this point now, huh?


Yeah up. You might well throw everything in the kitchen sink at him. The bench didn't play bad. They got three guys, they only played three guys tonight and they gave him 35 points off the bench. They only got 17 points off the bench. So you double basically doubled them up from bench scoring. Yeah, but when you have a starter gave you, I mean your other starters outside of Jay mc, Jay McDaniels and Ant man who gave you 54, you got 14 points from the other three starters, 14 points That ain't that the bro and a playoff game and less what unless Nas Reed go crazy and make six to seven threes di vincenzo unless you get like 50 points from, and it's hard thing like they only playing eight guys.


So to get 50 points from three guys is asking an awful lot. Julius, I expect him to bounce, have a bounce back game. Like I said, this is the worst game that we've seen from him in the postseason this year thus far are the last four players to record a 25 point 10 rebound, five assist, zero turnover game and a conference finals. Kobe Shaq, Jason Tatum, Jalen Williams, pretty good company, pretty good company to be in points off turnovers this series Thunder 53 Wolves 20 Aman stayed up till 3:00 AM watching film of game one.


He'd probably be up till five watching film of game two. He just got like you said, look, the thing is Ocho, The guy once told me, he said, he said, You know what she, I can go win any war if you give me the right tools to go to battle with and man going to war. I'm not so sure he got the tools around him right now that's ready to go to battle with him. This ain't going out there to battle and he alone right now. Julius are gonna have to be better. I expect him to be better but Mike Carlin can't give us three. He can't, Rudy, you gotta give a Rudy gotta give us at least a double double Roy. I don't think that's asking too much. Am I asking too much Ro for a double double, I mean look at Mitchell Robinson.


He grabs offensive rebounds and he does, he, they I I wanna see the battle between free throw shooting between Gobert and Mitchell Robinson and the New York fans just like love Mitchell every time he goes to the free throw line because they see the effort and, and I know I'm, I'm drawing distinction between these two teams and these two players. But like look at Mitchell when he actually gets into a switch, like he feels Tim feels comfortable with him out there guarding Yes. The perimeter players. He gets down in the stance, he gets low, he can move his feet. Yes. Sometimes he puts two hands on the body at the end of the play and, and he might get pick up a foul but he's competent out there and he is able to move. So I mean there're Sable similar type of players, but there one player, You know, I mean, but yeah, I'm just gonna leave it at that.


Yeah. In other words, Rudy Steely, this is the ninth straight season Ocho that the MVP doesn't have a tattoo. Shea Yoki. Embiid Giannis Harden and Russ. Russ won the MVP in 2017. He got tattoos in 2020. Is there correlation, anything going on? Should we deduce anything from that? Ocho No has nothing to do with it. You know, some people, some people love the artwork, some of it has has meaning to it. Not just tattoos. Just to be having them really has no correlation at all out outside of that.


I agree. I mean some people love tat, they say tattoos are addictive. They say once you get one, you gonna want 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. Yeah, that's what I hear everybody, everybody that I don't really, I don't know if I've seen someone ocho with just one tattoo. Normally you have multiples. Yeah. Yeah. I I mean I I got, I have 44 myself outside of that, I mean all of them have meaning obviously kids, family scriptures from the Bible. You Imagine had those thing wrote in white in so I could read them, Huh? Oh, you, you could see him. You can see him. I mean this, this you trying to, you call, I'm not that dark.


I'm not that dark, especially right now. Light. You could Probably, you can see I be, it's like, it's like taking a sharpie writing on a, a piece of charcoal Now. You you can see him, you can see him clear. It's just, it's just, I mean I, I I mean I just, I don't nuclear You don't have no tattoos. I don't You scared of needles? No. So why don't getting on, Man, I'm 57 now. I think it's a bit late down Ocho. You should have got me when I was 17. Man. It don't matter how old you are. If you going when you get them, hey, You know you can get you a back piece. You get your big back feast, they can put you to sleep. So you don't gotta feel the pain When I go to sleep, I'm trying to, I'm trying to go to sleep and I, when I wake up, I wanna be in the morning. I ain't going to sleep for no damn tattoo. Wake, wake up at three o'clock in the afternoon.


That ain't happening. Well, they can put listen, you can time it to where you, you, you, you get put to sleep at 7, 7, 9 o'clock. I know you go to bed early because you old. So, so you lemme get this, this man. So my first tattoo you wanted to be a bat piece. I I'm talking about the whole thing. Like everything, like everything you could, you could put all your dog, you can put Teddy, you could put Titus, they, they could, You know, get, get your family Kill you talking man. Yeah. When you Taz tar. Yeah, Yeah. No, I wanted a tattoo. I wanted a tattoo tattoo when I was in high school. Okay. And my mom told me no. She said when you graduate you can get one. Right. And I graduated, I ain't want it.


I wanted it when I was a junior. Okay. Because all, all my homeboy, everybody was getting them. I was like, yeah, I'm gonna get me a ta. No, I I didn't want a tattoo. I wanted my ears pierce. That's what I wanted. Don't yo ears pierce. I ain't really never, never wanted no, no ta tattoo. Right, Right. And I only thought about it once. I thought about getting my grandmother's name across my chest, but I know how adamant she was. She was about doing Mark say son, boy don't mark up your body. Yes ma'am. Royal, you got any tattoos? No tattoos, man, I I, I'm like, my mom ran a strict household man. They from the Caribbean. She's from Trinidad. Oh, okay. And she would slap me upside my head if she, if I got a tattoo. I got my ears pierced my friend, my freshman year of college once I left the house and she was so mad.


But You know, I, I said nah. I said no. Okay. Yeah. Okay. I mess mom. No, no facial hair, no earrings, no tattoos. Don't you? You know, I gotta keep this right here. I gotta keep this patch though. You know, I gotta keep it Patch. Right. So Patch, I gotta so patch. Yeah. I Think you should turn over a new leaf, huh? You might as well. You might as At 57 Try something different about even 57 in the month. Hey on you try something different. And Plus my skin. Oh, Joey, You know, as you start to get older, your skin gets thinner, you lose some of the elasticity. It doesn't hold as much water as it once did. And it tears easy. You, that's why you notice when, when older people, as they start to get older, they like, they tear easy, they bleed. You know what I'm saying? I'm Good. I I'm listen, I want you to understand something.


Now we talk about black folk, we talk about off skin, about black, black don't crap. Now I understand what you're saying about the, the laity and in the water not hold them, but you gonna be just fine. You hip you gonna be just like I am I, because I ain't have no tattoo. Hold on. You keep saying 57. Like you just, oh my goodness. Oh, I'm, I'm I'm about to be 57 in a month. That's not seven, that's not that bad. Well I don't think anything changing the next, in the next five weeks Ash. I don't think like, oh, Think you on that Gary Braca like life performing, like You know what? That, that, that, that, You know, spin your blood, put it back in your body, keep yourself fresh. Nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah. I I haven't done that.


I heard about that. That's, You know, well theoretically a lot of, a lot of endurance athletes do that. That's called blood doping where they take a pin of blood out and they spin it and they, they, You know, they clip it, You know, put that little thing up in Yeah. Put that up in there and put it back in there. You know, now if you added more oxygen to the blood, but no, I, I've, I've never done that. Okay. Oh Joe, let's revisit the Pacers King's trade. The Pacers received Tyree, Halliburton, buddy Hill, Tristan Thompson, the Kings received the Monte Celonis, Jeremy Lamb, Justin Holiday, a 2023 second round pick and a king size a family pack, a family-sized bag of potato chips holiday I think, if I'm not mistaken.


Isn't he with the Rockets now? I don't know who that 23 and 23 second round pick was. The bag of chips have been long eating. Jeremy Lamb is dating the owner's daughter. So Praise was one that trade Absolutely. Praise wasn't a trade. Yeah, absolutely. Look, I mean look, DEMA Saboni is a very good player. You were you a teammate of he Roy? I was not a teammate. I was like there, there before him two years before. Okay. He, he look Ocho people don't realize how tall he is. Saboni is seven one. Yeah. People don't realize how tall he is. I mean people think he likes No, he's seven foot one. His dad was seven three Buddy Hill that we know.


He, he, You know, he's all of a sudden he's with the the Golden State Warriors. Now Tristan is back in Cleveland. Look, Saboni was an all star player, but Halliburton and, and what he's been able to do. Yeah man. Easy. He's emerged to be one of the best in the game. Huh? One of the best. He does great job of distributing the basketball OCHO and he's not a high turnover guy. He's a prototype. I love him when he's aggressive. Roy, when, when Ty when Reese is, is, is is aggressive because sometimes I think he settle, sometimes I think he's trying to get people involved. You know, he's the old, he's a, a prototypical old school Magic Johnson Stockton Jason kid type of a point guard.


He's really not looking to score. But when he's looking to score and put pressure on the defense, man, Hey, Can I, can I, can I say something about last night? Yeah. I just, I just want you to think about this. Yes. On he had an opportunity to tie the game towards the end with the clock running down. He said I'm from to Dribble behind the arc. Yeah. Like he at a a a U basketball game and I'm a he was shot up in the bounce. Yeah. If everybody should have played the lotto last night, if you are a patience fan because Luck was running through everybody's veins, including Brother Halliburton.


Yeah. That's, That's insane. But nor nor Roy isn't the rule of thumb. You go for the win at on the road, you go for the tie at home. I say that go for the win, you have nothing to lose. You're gonna go back home to Indiana at some point and You know, play two games at home. So you would want to like go for the win and split the first two games. But I say the pace at which the Pacers play allows them to have the freedom and effectively, like you said, don't turn the ball over as well. That's icing on the cake. And then they spread the floor out. So Well I feel like the only real post presence really is Pascal, aka Miles Turner can pick and pop that allows him to, that allows Halliburton to get to the paint.


But it's like a real good cohesive group. Yes. It was a perfect storm though too. Like I think Brunson getting those fouls in the middle of the third quarter when Nihar and, and and TJ McConnell, like again those role players that are attacking him at all points, they don't allow him to take possessions off. They try to get him in the pick and roll the switch or they try to push it in one-on-one and transition and get right to the hole and see if he's gonna either try to contest and potentially foul or give up the layup. It was a perfect storm for the Pacers last night. Yeah. And the thing is they play with such pace as you mentioned. And so now knowing that that Tiv only wanna play like seven, eight guys, seven guys. Yeah. And You know he wants to play in 44 minutes playing 44 minutes at the pace in which the Pacers play.


You're asking an awful lot. Yeah. And you got, you're right Roy, when they keep attacking they're like look, we're not gonna let him rest TJ don't you let him rest hall, we know you're not gonna let him rest ni hard. Don't let him rest need Smith. Don't let him rest math, don't let him rest. If he's on you attack him. Yeah. We know what he is offensively. So we want to attack him when he's on the defensive end to try to take some of that bite outta those legs. Yeah. He also had those seven turnovers too, You know, so it's wearing on him and I feel like, You know, Tim's like you said, is known for playing a very short lineup. If this thing is to a game seven, I don't know if those Villanova, like all four of those Villanova Nicks are gonna be able to be available to, to, to, to play if there is a game seven.


So where would you rank this trade Joe? Wish your injuries on anybody. I hope everybody stays healthy. Yes. But it's just history is shown that temps teams kind of like, You know, the players kind of like, You know, fall off a little bit because I feel like they was worn out Deante Saboni. So because basically it, it is Saboni and Halliburton. Tyrese has been an all star for a couple of years. Saboni has been an all star for a couple years. Halliburton won a gold medal. I think Saboni was on the Lithuanian team. They didn't win any medals. But this trade is not worse than, than the Clippers getting Paul George and giving up Shaa Galin in in five first round picks in two pick swaps.


That's the worse trade than this one. Everybody's thinking's, they probably thinking the Luca trade because it's so fresh in your mind and it just happened. But I mean I look, I the Kings can't feel bad because the Kings did have a Darren Fox. Darren Fox was, was a all star. So they, they they've had an adequate replacement. It's just that Halley's had this team, Dwight in the Eastern Conference finals back to back years. So I like, I like Reese. Charles Barkley wants John Halliburton to be unbanned. He paid his dues. It shouldn't be indefinite. He's been punished enough. He would never do anything that stupid again.


Roy, should John Halliburton be permanently banned? No. No. I think it is just like, You know, I think it should have been like a one game and then just move on to the next news cycle. I don't think people need to like, You know, make this a big thing. I hope he is not banned. I, I don't know. The Pacers are flying me out. I'm getting flown out by the Pacers for game three. I'm gonna be there with my son. So hopefully I get to shake his hand. We'll take a picture and everything like that. I'll report back to you all. I appreciate that. I I agree. I agree Ocho I I I'm, I'm anxious to hear what you say on that but I think, look, he made a mistake. He got caught up in a motion and sometimes when a emotion is high, logic is low and You know, he ran on the court.


Obviously that's a no-no. He ran on the court then. You know, I think, I think what the NBA was concerned about, it wasn't so much him on the court is what he did when he got on the court. Yeah. He went up into a player face. Now You know how players are Roy when we lose, we are not the either losses. And, and that's kinda how we became what we became because losing was not okay with us. That's what kinda shaped molded us to become the players we became. A lot of times you run up on the right, the wrong player. No, lemme take that back. You run up on the right player at the wrong time and my band won't help you.


Washington Gianni showed a lot of restraint because a lot sometimes Don your people would've been, man this is my opportunity. Get me a, hey let me hit that with Lagar Blunt. Remember Lagar Blunt, Boise State, they lost Oregon guy ran on the field. No, Oregon lost the Boise State and the guy ran on the field, ran up in Lagar Blunt face a cop. So you just have to be careful. I understand the NBA is, is, is, is is airing on the side of caution. But yeah, let him come on back. I think he paid his due. I think he learned his lesson, I think, and and Halle said it best. Halle said, You know what man? I talked to my pops. He, he, he, he, he knows he can't do that, but it should not be for perpetuity.


He done, he missed, he missed the two game. He missed the two home games that he had let him come on back for game three and hey, if they made the final, I'm coming in there with a disguise. You know, every I'm coming there with a beard, I'm gonna have a beard. Yeah. I'm coming there with a disguise. I'm gonna see my soul play in the NBA finals. Yeah, absolutely. You have no choice. You ain't got no choice. I think the, the band is a little, is a little too excessive. You know, pops gotta understand. You can, you can celebrate, you can have fun. You, you definitely can't go on the court. You, you can't go on the court, you can't go in a player's face. I thought maybe there was a relationship or they might have known each other, which is why he was able to do it. 'cause most of the time parents don't feel comfortable, especially after win celebrating another player's face.


So I thought there was some type of relationship between Gobert and, and and I. Not gobert between Giannis Pops and, and and having No Halls Pops and Giannis Giannis, that's all I'm obviously it it must not have been so most of the time no, It wasn't Comfortable, comfortable going to players faces like that. But hey, they gotta let that band, they can't do it like that. He and he, he had a towel with his son face on it to like, you like this. Yeah, he like this. He like this. Yeah. But I, I agree. I think we are, I think we are in a, a unison here is that, look, I think he's paid his dues. He's missed two games, I think now let him come on back, give him a stern warning Mr.


Halliburton, that can't happen again. You know, I, I look everybody knows who he is. Ocho your, your son is wanted to start players and so they're gonna give you a little bit, a little bit more leniency as far as going on the court. They're not going, Hey get out that court. They're like, You know, they probably Mr. Halliburton can you step back a little bit? So they gonna give you a little bit more grace. We know, we know how that work. But yeah, I think he's learned his lesson and, and I don't think we'll have that problem again. So I definitely think the, she should be un the band should be lifted and he should be allowed to see his son play in the Eastern Conference finals. Jerry McClain was reacting to the play where Brunson Foul Baed TJ McConnell last night and McCain said foul baiting is just smart.


Even when I talked to Joe, Len beat about it. He thinks he's just playing the game. Smart Roy, do you agree? So I feel like this is always comes up like even before Harden there was a guy, Kevin Martin that played for Houston Rockets and he also played for Go to Sacramento. Yeah, Sacramento. And he was the fra he was a thin, frail guy. Kind of looked like Albert Burton a little bit in terms of like this body type, kinda like hall too. That little push shot. Yeah. But this is gonna be in the game no matter what. And I, and I don't wanna be too long-winded here, but You know, when I was playing LeBron against the heat, the Pacers Heat series, LeBron used to do this thing where like he always, even before LeBron, the, the, the Pacer Heat series, he would cuff the ball, get to the basket.


I would try to block the shot, You know, and I get called for the foul because You know, when you cuff it, that's one thing when you try to lay it up, you can go try to block it. So I had to learn verticality jump straight up. Yeah. 50. The, the, the contest. So you don't go into the game to adapt to the game. I had to adapt to the game. I'm not gonna complain about it unless the referees in the summer said, You know what, You know, we need to address this. Then I could be like, all, You know what? Maybe I can relax, maybe I could complain more. But for me, if the rules are there and, and, and, and, and the offensive players doing it, it's only is on me to figure out how to work either in real time to figure it out or during the summer when you're in the lab, You know? 'cause I always used to work on, You know, three things. Offense, at least two things on defense in my workout and then keep rotating those things.


So that's just how my mindset is. What you think Oto? Yeah, honestly I like it. Huh? Most of the people call it flopping. I call it manipulate the game. As a DB Young, you think about it, I'm not, I'm not saying I'm a db, but there, there are many tricks to the trade, You know, trying, trying to help yourself, gimme yourself an, an a, an advantage when you playing the game, listen, putting your shoulder down, being a little theatrical with your head movements like Jalen Bruss is at times. And, and, and drawing those files is a, it's, it's a part of the game. It's manipulating the game to get yourself to the line and give you advantages that the ref sometimes can't see in real time. Right? I mean, why not? Until they find a way to stop it, which what you can't, You know, in real time.


'cause the naked eye really can't see that. You take advantage of it. Why not? Yeah, harden was really great at it. A lefthanded player, Jalen Brunson has adopted it and Shaa is another one. Now Shay does a great job of getting that separation and what they're trying to do is create separation. I wanna get my shout, I wanna get this shot off. And, and, and, and Shaa does it to get to that mini as good as anybody. Harden was doing it to get always Harden is trying to get all the way to the paint, You know, even get to that float or he gonna get to that dominant hand and lay the ball up. So yeah, I don't have a problem with it. These guys have perfected it. They understand how to get to the how to, how to get to the free throw line, how to manipulate, how you said ocho the defense and, and make you draw fo.


And and they, a lot of them, a lot of them guys got that herky jerky motion. You think they gonna go up for a shot and actually they give you the head fake and you done jump into 'em and now they jump and throw the ball up and now they going to get two or three free throw attempts. So that's the part of the game and guys are gonna have to learn how to, to defend without fo


Hey, so we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know, a degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition and Degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any per sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head To your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Interested in investing in Bitcoin but not sure how to get started. Well with the Gemini credit card you can dip your toes into Bitcoin without even trying. Just spend like you normally do groceries, gas, or a night out and instantly earn up to 4% back in Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos straight to your account with no annual fee. The Gemini credit card is pretty much a no brainer. And right now you can grab a $200 Bitcoin intro bonus. So go to gemini.com/card to learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Go to gemini.com/card, start building your bitcoin slash now terms apply. The Gemini credit card is issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent $3,000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts. This content is not investment advice and trading Crypto involves risk for more details on rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. Fee rates and fees


For period protection you can put on and forget about nothing beats Nick's Leakproof underwear, north America's number one Leakproof underwear brand. Let's face it, life can be unpredictable but your leakproof underwear shouldn't be. That's why millions of people choose Nick's for periods for light leaks, for everyday freshness. Nick's undies are super comfy, super absorbent and made to handle whatever your day throws at you. Day two of your period covered your daily run, no problem. That big sneeze, You know the one. Yep, we've got you. And with styles like bikinis, boy shorts, thongs and high-rise plus sizes from extra small to four XL nicks makes it easy to find your perfect fit. Say goodbye to stress and leaks and say hello to undies that work just as hard as you do, no matter the leak. Find the style and level of protection you want@nicks.com and use code flow 15 for 15% off. That's KNI x.com code flow 15 for 15% off Nicks for your leaks for your Life.


You're a hustler, you get things done, but you don't always do things for yourself. With J-Lo Beauty, it takes just a few minutes a day to look like facials are a regular part of your routine. J-Lo Beauty's Fresh and Flawless skincare kit includes six skincare products that work as hard as you do. They'll hustle to brighten firm and hydrate your complexion morning and night. This skincare kit is a one and done solution that is clinically proven to visibly tighten and lift for instant and long lasting results. Cleanse, treat, moisturize, protect the fresh and flawless skincare kit. Does it all see why the kit's a bestseller today? Visit j beauty.com/deluxe and get an extra 25% off your first shipment plus free gifts with Code Deluxe. If you're not satisfied, return the bottles within 60 days for your money back. See the website for details? That's JLo beauty.com/deluxe to get that J logo,


The NBA announced. They're all defensive teams. Dyson Daniels of the Hawks, Lou, Lou dot Thunder, Draymond Warriors, Evan Mobley who is defensive player of the year. Cavs and Amman Thompson of the Houston Rockets. Any, any problem with that? That that first team all defense Roy? No, I love it. I think Evan Mobley, You know, exemplified, You know, being able to be the new type of big guy who can, You know, not only score but can actually like move his feet, defend and then guard multiple positions. You know, I cover college basketball for CBS and like one of the things I always talk about is, You know, bigs have to be able to be mobile, can defend multiple positions and he he's the prototype of it right there, right then and there.


Not that many seven footers that are moving around could do, do it now 'cause of how the speed of the game. So I feel like I have, I have no problem with that. And more and more guards and wing players on the defensive team. To me it's the trend of how the NBA is going has been going. But You know what, there are some guys that that normally makes defense. The all defensive team that wasn't OG Noby was not there. Giannis wasn't there. Bam wasn't there? Yeah, Derrick White wasn't there. Holiday wasn't there. Do you think anybody was snubbed that should have been on? I'm surprised Giannis wasn't on 'cause Giannis has normally been on. Yeah. Bam.


It started with one of the better defending centers, You know, he switched, can guard one through five, Derrick White. We know we think of him defensively. That was one of the reasons that he was on the Olympic, the US select team, the Olympic team team. So og he's one of one of the defenders. But I agree with you Roy. I don't really have a problem. I, I'm surprised that none of these guys, because Zbox or the Clippers made second team, Jaron Jackson, Jr. Jalen Williams, Kamara or Portland and Rudy Gobert, they could bam or, or or OG or Giannis could have easily taken Ru Gold's place. Rudy, this it's okay, you don't keep having to put players on there.


Oh yeah, well he's been, he's four time defensive player of the year. If the guy doesn't have a, a season that warrant him being on there, don't put him on there. It's okay. It's okay if you don't put Rudy Gobert on the all defensive team because I don't think he had an all defensive team type of a season this year. Right. Maybe JR Holiday. I feel like he, he, he's just a always common presence on defense. He's up, up in, up on the guards using his hands. He gets under screens, You know, may maybe that could be a be a player, but You know, he then again, you never know what, where their ranking was on the defensive end. The NBA world is awaiting LeBron's decision on his player option with the Lakers for next season.


Rich Paul said on the Rich I and show today. I think everybody's been on pins and needles for a while. I wish I had an answer. I don't know. It's early. I don't have a conversation like that I go into each year. Like he's continued to play. I've never even talked about that. Physically. He can play several more years. I don't think it's the physical aspect of it. I think it's where you are mentally with these, you guys. I, I I think, You know, we put so much on the individual, there's a lot of players to, there's a lot of layers to success as an individual. And I think when you think about him per se, there's a lot of decision that has to be made. You know, going into the locker room, what's the roster look like? What's the approach that each player is, he's always going to get everybody's best shot.


And so this, so this is a team he's on with the history of the team. Roy, if I had to ask you, what do you think LeBron's gonna do? Is he gonna opt out, opt in? What are some of the, the factors that will go into the decision that LeBron is gonna make to either opt in or opt out of that contract? I mean, I feel like he's gonna be in a, a Lakers jersey next year. He'll probably opt out and then probably, maybe sign like a two year deal. A very hefty two year deal. Probably finish out his career for the Lakers. You know, You know, it's hard for me with, with with with LeBron because I want to believe him when he says that he's not a part of the front office, You know, conversations even though, You know, he would think the, the best player in the NBA right now would have his hands in the cookie jar and, and and everything.


But they gotta, You know, I he's gonna be back, but they definitely need to upgrade like the big position. Oh they didn't feel bad but they, they, they definitely need a center back and, and, and then obviously, You know, You know, go Luca and then, You know how he got thrown under the bus I feel like a little bit after in terms of calling out his conditioning conditioning. I feel like that needs to be like, I mean that's not what you're asking me. I I LeBron's gonna be back, but I hope that they can, You know, he can rub off on Luca a little bit to like, You know, tighten up at the beginning of the season. Well they did hire a, a a, a strength and conditioning coach and as we talked about a couple of nights ago, Roy, I don't know if you heard us, is that a lot of these elite guys, they have their own guys, they work with that as far as weight lifting, as far as physio and all that other stuff.


I know LeBron Mike Macia is, is with LeBron all the time. And so a lot of these guys used to be Tim Grover, but a lot of these guys have their own personal guys that they train with and do things with. But it's nice to see. But I'm glad Luca's taking it and because You know, I just feel like in the playoffs he starts to wear down and You know, it seems like it's back and, and You know, he starts to move like he's 72 years old and he's barely 26. Oh Joe, what do you think? That's a my fault. My fault. What do you think what LeBron gonna do? Listen, he he can, he can opt out. I mean he could opt in either way. He's gonna be a Laker he's gonna play another two, maybe three years. I think he's gonna do everything he can to stretch it long enough where he can play with his youngest son Outside of that, what him and Luca had, it was special last year.


I think he wants to continue that. I think he's gonna have discussions with, with Jenny and Paulka about getting the big in there and, and getting some help so they can, they can keep, he doesn't want to just keep playing and keep opting in or opting or opting out. But building a team and riding where they can be in contention year in, in year out and whatever, whatever necessary moves need to be made. They're probably be made this season so they're just not going home in the first round and actually contending for another title. What were you, what was your point you wanted to make Roy? I moved, I forgot that I, I'll keep it moving. Alright, moving DeMarcus Cousins who spent 20 18 19 season with the Warrior says Steve Kerr doesn't do well when it comes to developing young players.


Boogie said the lack of development could lead to commingle wanting out this off season. I think they lost Minga. I think Steve Kerr ruined that relationship this year with the DMPs. We've seen this happen time and time again when it comes to him and dealing with young talent, he just doesn't handle young talent well, he doesn't develop out of, out of the years he's been there, we've only seen one guy develop under Steve Kerr and they ran him off. That was Jordan Poole. When it comes to young talent, I just don't think he handles it well. Coach, I'm gonna start with you. Do you agree with what Boogie is saying? Little bit, obviously he was coming from a player of his caliber, You know, as good, as big, as good as Boogie is knowing the game and knowing the coaches and understanding the players that that he's had his hands and imprint on.


Yes. I mean, absolutely. Right. And there's a, there's an example of one that we've talked about this year, huh? Over and over and over. Yeah. Minga. Yeah, it makes no sense when you did it makes no sense. And then when Minga does get the opportunity to play, look at the type of goddamn games he's having. He balls out. He does this is, This is who you had on the bench for whatever reason it may have been. Come on man, unex, unexplainable, unexplainable, Roy, You, you, You know, it makes me think about the, the the, there has to be, you guys know there has to be synergy within an organization, You know, and, and, and I know Mike Donnelley, he took over, we played together while I was a rookie when he was a, in, in the Indiana.


And You know, there, there doesn't seem to be a synergy between like who he's paying and who he's bringing in and You know who the coach is playing. I think about Mike Malone in the situation with the Denver Nuggets. You know, Calvin Booth I believe was the GM of president. He was, he's drafting certain players and bringing them in and he wants them to develop them, but he, but Coach Malone was playing the older guys and, and the guys that he can rely on. So for me, and then I and the organization ended up getting rid of both of them. So for me there has to be a synergy there. And at some point, You know, once, You know, I'm not sure if he at some point is, is he gonna be the, the, the Golden State Warrior's coach for the, for forever?


Maybe there might be a timeline where he may want us to be like, Hey, You know what, maybe when Steph is done I walk away and, and and, and he's just gonna go with the players that he knows as well. But if there's not a synergy between the front office and the players, if they're bringing, if the front office is bringing in players that they need to develop and he is not playing, there's gonna be an issue there. And, and if you're not winning, it's gonna exacerbate the, the issue, You know, the, the next year and the next summer that people are gonna be unhappy. You need to build for the future Steph. And those guys are getting older and older and older and father time is undefeated. But You know, the problem that they're having is Roy and Ocho is that most teams, when you're trying to compete for a title, you're not relying on young players.


You going with your core guys. Yeah. Now see you look at OKC, you see how OKC did at ocho, they got rid of all the old guys that say, You know what, we gonna take these lumps right now, but we going to build this thing together. We're not in, hey, we're under no illusion that we're gonna compete for a title, but when we compete for a title, we're gonna be able to compete for years and years to come because all these guys would've grown, grown up together. You see the problem is you got stiff, you have clay, you had Draymond, you had Loom, you had veteran guys, Iggy before he retired, you had veteran guys. Man I ain't got time for the, for the young guys to be making no mistake Roy, because You know, hey the one thing a coach or Joe, You know this in football.


Well yeah, coaches hate mistakes and rookie rookies gonna make mistakes. That's just the way it works. And it seems like, and you see like Steve, Steve ain't got no problem putting no guy on the bench. Hell he put Jason Tatum on the bench so You know he ain't got no damn problem putting camming on the bench. Go ahead on show. You gonna say what? Listen, I I'm gonna say you talk about young teams, You know, and, and and allowing young teams to, to do what they need to do. But those young teams, when you have a young team like OKC, You know as you use for example. Yeah, well hell you can do that when you got a SGA lead. Yeah, but I'm saying but you see what they did think about it. Oh they trade for OSGA, they draft Jalen Williams, they drafted a lot of these guys.


Yeah, cht Homer. They say hey, they go out and get a couple of pieces to add veteran Isaiah Hartenstein. So now they go get Lou do they say, oh they go get a Caruso guys that have played that know how to play that plays their role because see the thing is the problem that Minga has, Minga is one of them young guys like, bro, I was trying to go get 30. Well in that offense Steph is supposed to get 30, you supposed to get like 10, 15. Hold on. So you think that might be one of the reasons why he got Yes being on the bench. He's he said that it's hard to get a floor when you out there with Steph because the offense is run for Steph. Yes. Well he's looking off Steph. He said he is looking off Steph.


Yeah he looking off Steph, he like, nah bro ain't no no, no, no, I got this right here. You you go in the corner. So comedian is one of those that needs his own team. Yes. It's like pool I guess, You know. Yeah. And that's, and that's okay, that's okay. Just understand that you probably not gonna win as much Jordan pool light, Jordan blue light. Yeah it is nice to average 20 plus, but we gonna be in the lottery every year. Yeah. So that's the sacrifice that you have to make. And a lot of times guys have to sacrifice their game.


When you play with other historically great players, you kind of have to sacrifice. They get, You know, hey it like pop he get a big piece of chicken, so okay, you ain't get the breath Osho, you get a drumstick, you get a wing, okay, you get a a a a short thigh. But, and so that's, that's the thing with camming I think and, and do I do, I think he's good enough but if he wants to play there, he's gonna have to understand how to play within that system. That's crazy because he needs the ball. See it's not like kd, KD is a fisher. KD didn't need the ball. Good KD 15 shots, KD gonna get you 27 30 'cause he's Daddy Fisher.


Yeah, clay is a catch and shoot shooter. Minga needs the ball 'cause he wants to drive, he wants to put the ball on the floor. He ain't trying to catch and shoot. That's not what he is, that's not his skillset. So it's gonna be interesting to see how this thing plays out. Roy, we gonna get you outta here on this one. You played with a young Nicole Yoic in Denver. Did You know, was there any indication when you saw him in practicing, you watched him when he was on the court in the games, did you have any indication he was gonna be this? So I'm gonna say this real quick. That was my last year in the NBAI was on three teams in one year. That's why I knew my ass was done. And I was only in in, in Denver for like a month and a half.


So I was like a sabbatical. But I can honestly tell you this, that man, I did not see him lift the weight. I would see him in the locker room and like his build is not what you expect. And I did not think that he would like go on to be like a three time MVP and and everything like that. To me, what he's done is, is incredible. Sometimes I do feel that, You know, towards the end of the series, You know, even as great as he is, he having the ball in his hands a little bit kind of like flows down the offense and not allows other people to get going. I think Jamal Murray could have gotten like 10 plus more shots, but they've won a championship. They know what they're doing. But I did not expect him to be as good as he is. I I saw Jamal Murray when he was I think a second year player at that time and he was still, he he, he, he had all the right tools so that team, I I didn't think they were gonna be as good as they were.


So tell them, tell them where they tell our, the chat where they can find yet. Roy Social Media. You got a YouTube page? I have a YouTube page, but I i I started a speaking business. You could check me out@royhibbert.com if you are looking for a speaker, I'm your guy. A lot of things I talk about is, my whole motto is stand tall, start small. I know you guys and athletes can figure out like, hey, you may look the part, but if you don't like, put the time in, have the good mindset and obviously you'll work on your mental as big as you are. You're not gonna be able to succeed on the court in the field, in the C-suite executive type space unless you put that in. So that's what I'm working on. Roy hibbert.com.


H-I-B-B-E-R t.com. And you could check me out if you, if you'd like to, you got a ig you got a Twitter page. Twitter is Roy Meets world. And then on Instagram, Roy Hier 55. All right Roy, thanks for stopping by man. We appreciate your insight on the game, OKC, Minnesota and all things NBA. Hey, when you get some free time, stop back by and chat with us bro. Hey, hey. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh yeah, I wanna throw this out there for you real quick. What's that? 4 4 4 4 Uhha your other channel Larry, like that. Okay, I gotta set you up. You gotta do an interview with my agent David Falk mjs agent. I gotta, I gotta be the link between or something like that though.


Okay. And I know that you LeBron guy and then David Alkin is obviously a big Michael Jordan Guy if that's ever a thing, I would love to be the InBetween, nothing, no strings attached, just try to, You know, for Absolutely. I love that. I appreciate that bro. I got you. Alright Roy. Thank you Manny. Enjoy the rest of your evening and we'll talk soon. Got you. Alright Byebye, the Volume


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


This podcast is supported by Talkspace. When my husband came home from his military deployment, readjusting was hard for all of us. Thankfully I found Talkspace. Talkspace provides professional support from licensed therapists and psychiatric providers, online military members, veterans and their dependents. Ages 13 and older can get fast access to providers all from the privacy of their computers or smartphones. I just answered a few questions online and Talkspace matched me with a therapist we meet when it's convenient for me and I can message her anytime. It was so easy to set up and they accept Tricare therapy was going so well. My husband and I started seeing a couples therapist through Talkspace too. Talkspace works with most major insurers including Tricare match with a licensed therapist today at talkspace.com/military. Go to talkspace.com/military to get started today. That's talkspace.com/military.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You're listening to an iHeart podcast.