
Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with The Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's. Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me at former NFL Quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music, and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing, and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blues sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and right at night and after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to edition The Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the rack with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dkg.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now the Jet Nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Amid speculation that the Pittsburgh Steelers could be a potential landing spot for veteran quarterback Aaron Rogers, at least one player isn't interested in the service. Steelers safety. DeShon Elliott commented on Instagram posts and made it clear that he doesn't want Rogers in Pittsburgh. New quarterback. Pittsburgh's new quarterback at 2025 writing. Leave his ass at the retirement home. I mean, listen, when you pull the stuff you pulled during the off season, when you pull the stuff you pulled while you were there, you know players see that. They don't want no part of that. Did you see? What are you, did you see what was being reported? The stipulations that they gave him in order to come back to Green Bay. You see those stipulations?


No. No more. Pat McAfee ma Many camps be here locked in. Wow. Jet told Aaron Rogers he couldn't appear on the Pat McAfee shore anymore if he wanted to be the net if be to be, if he wanted to be with the Jets next season per Diana Rossini. Right? She plugged in. She liked Jane Slater at the Cowboys. She liked Mary Kay Cabot with the Browns. When when they speak I really listen, I perked up to what they say. I was told that when Rogers had this convers, when the Jess had the conversation with Aaron Rogers about what the future would look like, if you're going to be a part of this team, you're going to attend all of training camp.


You're not going to do the Pat McAfee interviews anymore. They had a conversation with him of, if you're going to stay here, here's how we want it to be. So this is me. It's Aaron Glen getting control back. I love it. I like it too. I like it too. I like it too. Now listen, if the Pat MCee show was conducive to the Jets in helping in any way with winning, if it wasn't in the scene in the negative light, matter of fact, if you were performing the way you should be performing, if you was the Aaron Rods of bowl, you could, you can go talk to goddamn Glen befall. Like you could talk to Fox, you could talk to CNN if you were playing on Sundays and being productive and being the Aaron Rods of old, I wouldn't care who you talk to.


You could be at the Playboy mansion on your off day, but it just wasn't right. You're losing on the field, you're playing battle on the field. You and you doing a show that's causing controversy in conflict, creating chaos and then your performance isn't where shit. Yeah, it's just tough Ocho it makes most, it's tough when you play that position and guys see you doing, 'cause normally the quarterback's locked in. Oh yeah. Always. Normally nor especially those level quarterbacks. And Aaron Rogers was that level of quarterback. He was a Peyton man. Yeah, he was a Tom Brady. He was that breeze. He's he was that level of quarterback. And normally those quarterbacks is a singular focus.


And then there are many camps, no distractions. None. None. And then you can't create a distraction and then get mad when people talk about said distraction. Distraction. Yeah. I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa. What minute you wrecked the car and then you mad that people stop and looking at you as the cars turned over side the road. You did it. That's a good one. I love. That's what I didn't, that's what I didn't understand about him. He talk about, we gotta block out the noise, but it's him beating on the bucket in the, in the, in the hallway. He creating the noise that we here.


What didn't he see about that? Right? But see, four time MVP, you know, you get seduced by your own success and So you was like, Hey, damn, what's in the best interest of the team? What's in the best interest of me? Most top tier quarterbacks don't think like that. They don't Mm. All I can say is the quarterbacks of his era. You think Brady thought like that? You thought Manning thought like, no re nah, you look at Mahomes now every week, Ocho I could see, you know, hey, as a favor to you, pay back.


I like you. I like what you stand for, bro. I'm gonna come on your show once but every week. Right. That's a tough one. That's a, that's a, that's a, that's a that's a real tough one. And I'm telling you guys look at stuff like that. Yeah. Oh, they watching, they're watching. Go look. Listen to when, when, when Brady went to Tampa, what I did in New England and got itch to do with what I'm about to do in Tampa. Paid Manny said what I did in Indy. But that's not how he thought. He like, hey.


Right. What did he say during the season if my resume isn't good enough? He said it now if it's a lie, he said it. Y'all heard him. The thing that I love so much about sports is that you must update that resume on a weekly basis. Oh yeah. He's standing on what I've already done should be enough to allow me to be going any situation I want to and do it how I want to. Right. Jesse? Nah, we cool moving forward. It's gonna be, it's gonna be our way. Oh yeah. Every one way to do things. My way of Trailway.


And I think Trailway and Greyhound merged, didn't he? So they were one bus up out of town just to just go all in. So you know what, my last year I'm about to be, what is he about to be? 41 if he's not already 41. I'm gonna see what I got one last year. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna block everything out. I ain't really, you know, I ain't gonna be on none of this bull jive about, about the government doing this and us fos ivermectin and whatever the case may be. All I'm thinking about is all football because I promise you you're closer to the end than the beginning. I promise you that.


Yeah. For a guy to have that many MVPs and there's only been to one Super Bowl, you can make a case that hey, with two, three Super Bowls on your Now we'd have been having a conversation. Him, he'd have go, he'd have right there with Roger. I mean with, with with Brady four MVP or Yeah. Yeah. That's, I mean, look, I think that's the thing that I respect most about, like the great how bought in they are.


And I used it like in football, our terms. You look at a, at a Brady basketball, you look at a LeBron, you look at a Kobe, that's it. Right? That is it. Yeah. All, all the grades were different. Not only did they were, they were, they were locked in not only for themselves, but they laid by example for everybody else. And they set the standard. They set the standard. This is how you want to be great. If you want to be great, you don't have to be me, but you can do the things I do. If you fall short, you still going to fall somewhere under the line of greatness. Discipline, all it all come down to discipline. No. That's in everything you do. You don't sports, you don't even have to be sports just in life in general.


You will get the results. If you lock in and you have any small amount of discipline, that's all it takes. Yeah. And you, you know, there gotta be something wrong to too. They get up and do the same thing over and over and over and over and over until it becomes a habit. Greatness is boring. Greatness is boring. It's a monotonous, it's a monotonous trait because you're doing the same thing over and over hoping for the same result. Yeah. What do you think Brady did in the off season? You hear him tell the story? Yeah. About that. When he played, when he played Kansas City in that Super Bowl, he was so locked in. Yeah. He knew what they were gonna do before they knew what they were gonna do. They do. Yeah. How much film do you think Peyton?


Oh, off season. You hear Ray Lewis say, well, if I got, if I wanna beat Peyton and if I wanna beat Tom, I gotta watch as much film as they watch. I gotta be as locked in as they are. I think the thing is that when you hear people talk about those guys, one of the first things outside of how great they were is leadership. Whatcha talking about tore? What you talking about leadership, talking about Ray Lewis. Right. Talking about might be the greatest team sport leader in the history. You hear Peyton, you hear certain guys that, that word just automatically rolls off people's tongues. Right? Rogers is 41.


But if I was him and I was going, come back, I'm going all in, I'm gonna empty the tank. I'm empty the tank got one more year. I got, I got nine months. And then after that I got the rest of my life to do whatever I want. Hey, P back, whatever. You got a job. P back. You got me a job because I I about, hey, I'm about to come. I'm about to come every Tuesday. I'm about to be on your show. Yeah. You could do it. You could do as, you could do as many shows as you want to. You can go as many, many dark retreats as you want to, but if you haven't done it, if you haven't done it in this long, it's hard.


The chance of it doing now out the blue. Yeah. It ain't Joe Bruery is projected to have a $46.3 million cap in 2025 O Joe. The Bings are projected to have 45, almost $46 million in cap space. But that is before signing the necessary players to start the season. In addition to the incoming draft class, burrow also referenced the Eagles who've been able to sign multiple players to veteran deals despite also giving quarterback Jalen Hertz a huge contract that puts him among the league. Highest paid players. The Cincinnati quarterback played praised, excuse me, the way Philly treated the salary cap to build a championship caliber team.


The Eagles are paying everybody. That seems like the way whatever they're doing, was this the best, was this a shot at the Bengals organization? I wouldn't, I wouldn't say it's a shot at the Bengals organization. I'd say it's a, it's a message to the organization. Look how, look how they did things. Look how they're doing things. They're able to have a team like that. Have everybody together, have everybody happy and still able to function and compete for, compete for a title. I think we need to take, this is like, I say it all the time, huh? This, we, we are a copycat. We copy what they're doing, we need to copy what they're doing and keep our band together.


One band, one sound so we can compete the same goddamn way. But you gonna have to let some people go. You see a luxurious need. He had to go, you see Gay, he had to go. You see Wiley, he hated up leaving. You know what I'm saying? Don't you? I mean you can't a, you try to keep the court. Think about it. Theyre tyreek, they're probably gonna lose Trey Smith. Yeah, Smith, you can't keep everybody Right. The core can we keep ma homeboy obviously is a non-negotiable. We kept Trav, we kept Chris Jones, right? We drafted, well, we got McDuffy Callus hit a couple in three agency.


But the problem is, is that you let Jamar Chase is not giving you a discount. He, we know that you made him play it out and the guy hit the triple. He got the triple crown. You gonna have to pay him 40 million. Yeah, well you coulda had him. Oh, we said we have added him. Okay. You could have paid it 35, 36, but now he's gonna want 40 plus. Yeah, you want, yeah. You chose to play hardball and t Higgins. Yeah. But if you notice, look what they did to Devonte before his contract came up.


They redid it. We got got him, got him, got him done on purpose. Now the Eagles gonna knew now they're probably not gonna be able to sign Josh. Sweat. Sweat. Interesting. He had some interesting comments. I don't know if you saw what he said. I don't know what we talking about. Hopefully we do. But look, they're doing a great job. They got some guys, you look at your, your your Deon and you got Mitchell, they on rookie deals. Jalen Carter, rookie deal, Nicole Dean, rookie deal, NOLA Smith Jr. Rookie deal. Jordan Davis, rookie deal. Yeah. See they got a good chance, but they got a good chance of running back. Offensive line.


Got him locked up. Saquon, we got him locked up. Jalen hurts. Yep. He's also locked up. See, they looking good. It look good, look real good, look real good. Damn. But that's what you have to do. You have to have guys that hey, they want to be there. Want to get locked in. Yeah. I I I'm a firm believer, I'm a firm believer that the Eagles are, are, are built. They got another two years, two, three years. They got another two, three years. Jalen Carter's, Hey Jalen Carter's gonna get a big contract. He's a preeminent de tackle in football, right?


Yeah. Nolan Smith, he might be undersized, but he was destroying those pulling guards. I mean, he can't weigh more than two 30, but boy, boy, he was a headache because I woo he was dropping the ham on folks. But I I, I look Joe's like, bro, almost 5,000 yards is fine. 43 touchdowns is fine, bro. I'm home with stats like this. Yeah. We got a triple crown winner that's home. That cannot happen again.


Absolutely. Absolutely. And this damn sure ain't gonna happen on my watch. So if they can, if they can get it, if they can get it, if, you know, rework his contract, get chased. But if I'm chased, I can't do, I can't do the first one now. Hey Joe, the second one. Hey, but I'm finna take a big ass bite of this apple. Yeah. I'm gonna take a big bite of this Apple ocho. And so I just got a feeling Ocho somebody gonna throw so much money. Football players don't turn down 40 million baseball players don't turn down 40 million basketball players turn that down. Like, Hey, I wanna be in a better situation.


I'm gonna be such and such y yada, yada, yada, Not football because the money's not guaranteed. Right. I can't turn down for 40 not what, what? And then I don't get no lifetime health benefits. Right. And you know, a medical expenses eat up yours or a family member, wife, kids eat up a savings. Yes sir. Retirement. Oh no. I gotta get all that. O you, I, I gotta get every last, I gotta get every last dime that they promised me. I I'm sorry. Because T was a second round pig O Joe.


So he ain't get that. He didn't get that first dime. You know that 15, $20 million guarantee. Listen now I say I said it before now I said it again. He needs and deserves every dime. Go get it every time.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with The Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I am Isha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA Superstar Angelian. I Really just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we quit. Expert tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. The Drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping, there's shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition, and a generation of women hell bent on shanking that glass ceiling. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey you guys, I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet. And I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season, I'm gearing up to make history competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events starting at the Indy 500. Join me as I travel from racetrack to racetrack. In my quest to continue a memorable career in racing. I'm also gonna bring you inside stories with legends of sports, new faces from the next generation of auto racing and conversations with the people who've supported me throughout my career. We'll be getting into everything from karting to nascar, even Formula One, Whether you dream about being a pro athlete or an astronaut. And we're talking about what it takes to make it listen to Throttle therapy with Catherine Leg and iHeart Women's Sports production in partnership with Deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. If only there were a professional WNBA player with her own podcast I could listen to. Hey, this is Lexie Brown, WNBA Player and Professional Yapper. And This is Mariah Rose. You may know me from spilling the tea on hoops for Hotties on TikTok And we've got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball and not just in the WNBA, but with Athletes Unlimited unrivaled and college basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. I know you guys have seen a lot of former and current basketball players telling their stories from their point of view. And I just think it's time for the girlies to tap in. We Wanna share all of the women's basketball stories that you won't see anywhere else. Tune into Full Circle, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Bill's. Running back. James Cook wants an extension worth at least 15 million per season. Damn as a running back. Well hold on. That, that puts him up in the upper echelon. Now with, with with McCaffrey, with the Derrick Henrys. With the Saquon. Saquon is about 13 and a half. Christian McCaffrey I think is about 16. What did Derrick Henry Derrick Henry's eight. Jonathan Taylor's another one. I think he makes like 12, 13 and James Cook on 15. That what he said. Come on. What's up buddy?


You just could not stay out though. You just could. What they do? Twin just could not. We gonna get our show. You hear me? You wanna do a show with without show? Say what's it gonna be called? I what's my pay? Are you paying me a farmer's dog or what? I just need to know what you paying me in not no tennis balls. 'cause I don't play no fetch. I don't want no little, I don't Old yellow 2.0. You should be in the bed. Why are you still up at 12 o'clock? I mean at 10 o'clock?


Yeah. Ooh, OCHO 15. That's a lot. Yeah. Hold on. He's a, he's a, he's a, he's a intricate part. Yes. Yeah. He's a very important piece of that offense now. But 15 is a little is, you know what, who am I to say it's too much? If you want 15, you get you 15. Are they gonna pay you 15? Ask 15. Do they probably gonna lay him on 12? Yeah. I just being honest, aren't you? I'm just being honest. I, I like, I like, I like, I like Brother Cook. I do do too. I like the way you're thinking. Go go a little high. They gonna bring it low and when they bring it low, they gonna shoot you right where you want to be.


Aim for the stars. Land on the moon. Hey, talk to now I'm with you. I'm putting up what you're putting down. Oh, Joe, the Eagle's defensive Eagle. Josh Sweat had one of the all time best defensive performance in Super Bowl history. He did not become the Sabbath defensive player of the year, including Cole Defensive Player of the Year. Harvey Martin and Randy White when they beat the brakes outta the, the Broncos in the Superdome. Jalen Herz instead won that award for the 34th time. A quarterback has been the MVP in 59 Super Bowls. The NFL no longer announces the places of the other finishes. So it is unknown sweat even finished second.


I should have had it Sweat. Said I could've had it. It's all good though. Ocho you like him saying this? I mean, it's cool. I understand it. He had a hell of a performance. It was a big reason, big part of their success defensively. So I-I-I-I-I-I-I totally get it. But you know, in the grand scheme of things, the quarterback had one hell of a game and he's the reason why they were able to win that game. He's the reason why they were able to win that game. Obviously, defensively. They gave my homes, hell, they beat that offensive lineup so bad.


I felt bad. I felt bad for my Mahomes. You know, around that, around that second, second, second quarter, third quarter. The way he just kept getting hit just, just kept getting hit. The relent, the relentless pressure all game. Not a not allowing him to breathe, suffocating them the entire time. Know I been very few times I've seen Mahome with happy feet in the pocket, uncomfortable not being able to drop back, not being able to go through his reads, not being able to go through his progressions like they did at one hell of a job with Jalen Herz. He deserved that MVPI just, he did what? You won the Super Bowl.


You won the Super Bowl and you complaining about see, you complaining about an individual award. Yeah. I mean, listen, see, he played well now you wasn't no goddamn Lawrence Taylor type performance. Now let's, let's not go there. I mean, what do he have? Two and a half sacks? He played, he well, he played really well. But I like bro, now it's too soon. Too soon. Maybe 10 years from now, y'all sitting on the porch, man, y'all know I should have won. I should have been Super Bowl MVP. Look at his dad. Nah, I say that then. Not now, Ocho. Yeah, but e even still you, you're not winning not winning that award over a quarterback.


Especially not winning that played that well. Yeah, I, I guess he, I guess he like, I ain't coming back so I'm finna say anything to make sure I don't come back. Make sure I don't come back on Joe. Yeah, coach gm. Chris Ball says Anthony Richardson hasn't proven that he can play a full 17 game season and that the team needs to add another quarterback to compete with him. Ocho you like what the PM said? Yeah, absolutely, absolutely. Listen, I like Chris Baller light of fire up under light of fire, up under young bull light of fire up under him. I like coming out saying that obviously you taking a knee, taking yourself out the game. You already know what you need to do. I hope Anthony Richardson doesn't take this to heart.


I hope he doesn't take it as disrespect. This is merely just a challenge. Let me go and show you that I can play a full 17 game season without getting injured. Let me show you. I'm the quarterback of the future. Let me show you. I'm your franchise quarterback. Lemme show. Please do me a favor and bring somebody in to compete for my job. Watch me raise my level of play. I have no problem with competition at all. Now this is me speaking. I like it. I love it. I'm not sure how he's gonna react to it. Normally when you have a veteran quarterback, you don't want to bring in another president that can challenge them. Ali Berger, all La Aaron Rods getting upset with Jordan. Love coming in.


All La Brett f getting upset when Aaron Roberts came in. But as a young bull, as a young punk, this is a challenge. You have to take that challenge. He brought this on himself. Take that bull by home. Yeah, I, I understand. I understand. And he understands it. I hope he understand it. You think they bringing it? I like the challenge. I like the challenge. I wish you, you bring him in, bringing another challenger for Jade Daniels. They bringing the challenger for Bo Nicks. What about K Williams ain Finn find DJJ crown. You ain't finna find nothing. Check it. So he brought it on his left. Lemme tell you something. Hey, hold on. Yeah, he brought it on himself. But lemme tell you something.


Them boys like he just named boy, they ain't falling off the trees like that. They ain't them. Apples not falling off the tree like that. Ain't that what Anthony Richardson was supposed to be? Oh, he is. He get it together. Don't do him like that. Don't do him like that. I understand what you're saying. There's certain things he shouldn't be doing. There's certain things he shouldn't have done. That's that's, that's my only point. Well, every saying this gm, you know better, you know what you got on your hands. Maybe this is your way of getting him in line. Maybe this is your way of getting the best out him. I don't have no problem with it at all, challenge me. But he, but of all the guys, he had the most question marks coming out Ocho.


Yeah. Now he's a physical spec. Yeah. Rocket arm can run through, tackles can run over. People run. Yeah. I think think he needs to redefine some of, refine some of that, that touch, because he throws everything like he throw, trying to throw it through the eye of a hurricane throws a good deep ball. I mean, he needs some touch, but he had the most red flags when it came. Not the, not this his behavior, but just his own field play. Right. And so hopefully he's like, you know what, I'm gonna show these.


Yeah. I'm gonna show him what I what you drafted me the with the number four pick overall for a reason. I'm gonna show you why come in in great shape baby study. Hey, I'll devote two hours a day. I'll go back and look at our every game, every game we play. I devote two hours a day to that in the off season. And I'm gonna look at some of the other quarterbacks. Hey coach, who you think, who do you think I should look at? Let me look at some of Brady's tape. Lemme look at some of Peyton Manning tape. Lemme look at some of breed's tape. Lemme look at some of Rother's burger's tape. You know, I I think it would be more conducive for him based on his style to play the watch players that were more like him who watching watch players tape that don't play like you.


I don't, I don't think it does. You know Justin who plays like him number? You? Oh, you say Lamar. Okay. Okay. Yeah, max. Yeah, I like that. Yeah. Yeah. But you know what I'm just, I, I'm studying, I'm, what I'm studying OCHO is what they see and how so quickly they recogniz and get the ball out. Okay. Okay. Okay. That's all. I I ain't looking at no footwork. Hell nah. He ain't got no footwork, like no footwork like that. But I'm just, I'm just looking to see how, how fast they can process information. Right. And get rid of the football rec, recognize it and react.


Yes sir. Ocho the chiefs may be forced to release Travis Kelsey this off season due to an almost $20 million cap hit. This would be the highest cap hit for tight end in the entire league. Given that Kelsey had times struggle this year to get open and to create separation. Ojo, is this the end of Travis Kelsey who I believe is the goat tight end Yes sir. And his relationship with the Chiefs? Absolutely not. Absolutely not. Obviously, you know, pastor Mahomes, you know Kelsey and all the players that are part of that team that are going to be there next year, not those that are on a one year deal. Travis Kelsey's a team player.


He's a team player and he's making so much money off the field. He's not going to have a problem taking a pay cut. He's not gonna have a problem doing that because he gonna make up for whatever he, whatever. He doesn't get off the field because he has so much going on. Listen, this is the same situation with Tom Brady, who was Tom Brady dating when he was taking, taking pay cuts in the winging to make sure they kept the team around him. Yeah. But that he ain't married to Taylor yet. He might as well go and propose then if he want that type tru. Trust me. He good. Trust me buddy. He's dating a billionaire. Well, I, I think I look tied up.


I think he has no worries. He has so he has so many endeavors going on off the field. He does. He does. I have no problem. I'm a team player. I'm a team player to come back to keep the band together, to be able to get some e some other key off season acquisitions. I have no problem doing that and coming back and make and, and, and giving this thing another go. He, he, he, he can do that. So he, he's not one that that's hurting for. So, so he'll be fine. I can see him going to Hollywood. He has that look, he has that swag. I can see him parlaying what he's been able to do in, in football on the field and parlay that off the field. He has that.


The question is OCHO as as you get older, right? And you know, Travis is flying all over the place. He wants to be with the lady, a love of his life. He's gonna have to make a decision. How important is football to him? And you can't, you can't, you can't go out like this. This can't, this can't be the last taste. This can't be the last taste in your mouth. Hell, it might be getting worse. Not a game. Not a game like this. Not like that. Oh, Joe, the thing is about sports. There's plenty how sports work because everybody like, you can't go out like that and then you come back and it's worse this next last time. You like, well, I can't go out and it just keep getting worse and worse. Right. There is no guarantee. It's not a situation where you get like a John Elway, I win a championship Super Bowl MVP, I'm done.


Or Michael Strahan, they win. They, they take down the, the Giants, excuse me, the Giants take down the Patriots. Patriots too. Shout, right? The bus, the Super Bowl is in Detroit. He's from Detroit. Right. The bus stops here. So it's not always like that. We don't always get that Hollywood ending. Right. Although we might want that Hollywood ending. The question is, is that that as, as they, he's gonna have to sit down and ask him himself, how much more do I want to give? What do I have? Because lemme ask you a question Ocho, he comes back, what can he do that's gonna change the perception of what you think of Travis Kelsey? I, me personally, I think he's the go tight end.


Oh yeah. Yeah. I, I'm, I'm not sure what he, what what's going to change. I just know and understand that chemistry and continuity that him and Patrick Mahomes have. Patrick Mahomes having that security blanket. Obviously when they bolster and help and, and get that, that offensive line together, I think things will be a little bit more easy for him. The chemistry and the continuity odds between the crew, Noah Gray, Xavier Worthy's gonna be back. I'm not sure about Hollywood. I'm not sure about Hollywood Brown and Deandre Hopkins, but whatever other pieces they bring into that table, and I, I know that game left a bad taste and everyone's mouth including Travis Kelsey, and I definitely believe he's not gonna want to go out like that. Not, I believe it's one thing to lose, but, but belt to to, to a s that's not what they want.


I'm not gonna, I believe in order him to come back to Ocho, he gonna have to take a pay cut. He gonna have to take a, I don't think he have a problem with that. He ain't gonna have no problem doing that. He ain't have no problem with that. Say that be we say that because it's not our money. Yeah. I mean, hey listen, and just understanding how much he has going on, understanding an individual that he listen if this comes out knowing, I mean, just Taylor Swift look like the type of woman anyway. Oh baby. They want you to take a pay cut. So from 20 million to 10, you know what, here go the 10. They ain't gonna take from you. She look like that type just to cut your, cut your $10 million check right there on the spot. That's just, that's just me.


Okay. You know, they, I love God loves the cheerful giver. Yeah. Ooh,


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with The Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA Superstar Angelian. I really Just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we quit. Expert tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. The drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping, there's shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition, and a generation of women hell bent on shanking that glass ceiling. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey you guys, I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet. And I've got a new podcast, it's cool throttle therapy. This season I'm gearing up to make history competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events, starting at the Indy 500. Join me as I travel from racetrack to racetrack. In my quest to continue a memorable career in racing. I'm also gonna bring you inside stories with legends of sports, new faces from the next generation of auto racing and conversations with the people who've supported me throughout my career. We'll be getting into everything from karting to nascar, even Formula One, Whether you dream about being a pro athlete or an astronaut, and we're talking about what it takes to make it listen to Throttle therapy with Catherine Leg and iHeart Women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. If only there were a professional WNBA player with her own podcast I could listen to. Hey, this is Lexie Brown, WNBA Player and Professional Yapper, And this is Mariah Rose. You may know me from spilling the tea on hoops for Hotties on TikTok, And we've got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball and not just in the WNBA, but with Athletes Unlimited unrivaled and college basketball. We've Got you with analysis, insight, stories, and a little bit of tea. I know you guys have seen a lot of former and current basketball players telling their stories from their point of view, and I just think it's time for the girlies to tap in. We Wanna share all of the women's basketball stories that you won't see anywhere else. Tune into full circle, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Saquon Barkley got uche and boy's birthday. Birthday after winning super after winning the Super Bowl, the 26th pendant. That's over 200 calories. Okay, I like that. That that's, that's, that's Benny de jeweler. Benny de Jeweler. Benny Jeweler. Nice now. Yeah, I think he had a, I see, I see a lot of celebs. I went on his page today. I checked him out. I think Cardi B has purchased some pieces from him. I think Usher got his u piece from him. Yeah. Woo. Hey, hey, hey. Minute to Julie. If you see this, I need a pinky ring. I need a pinky ring for April, baby. I'll let your boy, I, I need a good deal. I, I need something nice, something real nice and got something nice and got you hear me.


Oh. Oh man. Say that. I know that thing that that's about 203 3 2 3 4. Oh wow. No, no, no, no, no. Not that much. Not that much. Not that much. I mean, that, that's about maybe, maybe about 91 20, maybe about 90,000. 120. You know? I ain't got it. I ain't got that. I ain't you. Oh, oh, you, oh you got, oh you got it. You got it? Yeah. Hey, hey. Hey Chad. Y'all send Benny, Benny the jeweler. Tell him I need a pinky ring, man. I need a pinky ring for the tour. No, just to holler. Hol at to I tell you what, you get that bit, the jeweler piece. I'm gonna give me one of more Tom Brady watches. Well, I'm just getting a pinky ring, that's all.


What, Tom Brady? No, that's 800,000. You don't need that. Oh, you don't even wear diamonds. What is you talking about? Y'all better stop. Y'all feel what that is? Okay. Okay. I see you. I see you. Hey, listen, that right there. Look at that. Hey, you can't, you can't have money. Boy, what was it on? You see that right there? That's that, that's that, that Tiffany, that new thing that just came out for Tiffany that Wait, what? I can't it look, it looks just look plain though. What is they play? It got, it got joint. Oh, I see 'em. I see 'em baguettes. Oh, oh, it's different on East Side.


Yeah. Okay, okay, okay, okay. You know something I picked up for myself a crima, you know I like a ble gift. Little criminal give every, it ain't even Christmas boy. What I got it for Krema. Oh, okay, okay, okay. I got it for Crima. That's, that's it. I'm outta gas now. Hey, hey. Speaking, speaking, speaking of holiday. Listen, Valentine coming up. Well, you got your ide. I know you guys are ocho. Oh, real. I saw real humble band. Ocho said, man, Ocho one time picked me up for a helicopter. A helicopter. Oh yeah. Hell helicopter. Oh yeah. I don't play, I don't play when it come to holidays. Like if, if like, if we, I don't play, I, I don't play Valenti times. I don't helicopters, you know, Sharpes sprees, you know we do Chanel store now, see this, the problem on we ain't together right now.


Well, I'm, you still gotta you, huh? You got, huh? Hey Ocho, you still gotta do that now though. I gotta do that. Yeah, yeah, for sure. Hold on. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Time out chat. Y'all chat Y'all with me? Yeah, because you think she still help you with your stuff? Oh, yeah. Now, now listen, listen. Now this, I I have a question now, Chad, y'all listen to me. I have, I have businesses, you know, stuff that's going on away from Nightcap, away from football. She keeps everything in order for me because I, I, you know, I Yeah. Going on you like I 50 11 jobs, so she keeps all my ducks in a row. So I'm able to travel and things are in order.


Well, you gotta break up. You gotta break off. Okay. Now, how much of the breaking off do I do as far as going out, going out and, and doing things? At least at bare minimum, talk to me at bare minimum, 10 to 15, $1,500, 10 to 15, you know, five on Valenti. Yeah. Even though, even though she left me, now I understand her taking care of my business and making sure everything's straight despite us not being together. But you think Yeah, Chad, what y'all think that what IIII would listen. I remember one time not too long ago, I, I, when I'm talking about when it was rough on, I'm talking about when it just happened, I tweeted out I needed an assistant because I thought, well, damn, I got all this stuff going on.


If she's out the picture, I ain't gonna be able to do all that. And obviously she like, you know what, still doing all that. Help me out on good terms. I'm still gonna make sure everything is okay. And she's done that to date. Yeah. Yeah. Three months I been, I I look, if I pro, if I tell you I'm gonna do something, I was, I was seeing this, I was seeing this chick one time on Joe and her girlfriend was gonna get married, but it was gonna be a destination wedding. And so she's like mad, I'm not gonna, I say, look, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll pay for you to go to your girlfriend's wedding. Right. We ended up breaking up. Oh. And I told her, I hit up, I said, Hey, I promise you I was going to take, I'll take care of your girl for you to fly to your girlfriend to a wedding.


Okay. Here, come back, get the money. Hey, she ain't even come in the house. I met outside. She pulled up in the driveway. I gave her the money, gave her cash. She say, thank you. You are matter your word. Boom. You ain't go no, hell no. I wasn't going anyway. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay. I was paying for her to go. Okay, okay. Because it was a destination wedding and it was, it, it, you know, it was expensive. She, I mean, she got, she had a job. Right. But I mean, it was, you know, by the time she got, by the time she got an airline, by the time she got a flight, I'm, I'm, I mean a flight and, and the hotel, I'm assuming at three day minimum.


So I gave, I said, here, go enjoy, have a great time. So you comfortable? So you comfortable? Yep. That's, that's how I am. Right. But hey, I know everybody. Hey, if I promise you something, hey, I'm gonna do it. I'll paying you. I'll pay. If I say I'm gonna pay, look, I got you. I'm paying your rent. If we break up, I'm gonna go ahead. Hey, I'm gonna go ahead and give you money for the rest of the year. Right. We go our separate way. And you know what? And now that I, now you got me, you, now you jogging my memory and I, I'm, I'm thinking that I have a individual that we are no longer together that is making sure all my business affairs are in order, you know, despite the chaos and the turmoil going on Between us.


Now, how much do I extend my services on a day like Valentine's Day as a thank you for what you're doing for me? What is, what is what she's providing, what is that worth to you? That's a good one. And I think people in the chat might not understand that because they don't see it, because they're not in that position or understanding of all I have going on outside of the jokes in the last, so the serious part of life. So how much is that worth? How do you value that? It's only what is it worth to you? Because I can tell you what, but she's not doing that for me. If you had to pay somebody to do that, it wouldn't be, it wouldn't be as much as what you told me to fuck off.


I don't think what you, I'm not sure. First of all, do you want, do you trust somebody to handle your business like that? To know your answer now? Exactly. So it's worth that. It's worth that to me, for me to try to replace Shelly for I trust somebody implicitly could put a price on it. Right. Okay. Okay. Could put a price on it. Okay. So I gotta be careful. So now it's the next thing. Chat. Any ideas? I got three days. I got, I got three days. What you think? Talk to me. I, I I done did it at all. I done did y sitting in the helicopters. Well, I mean, MALDI. I mean, I'm, I've run out of ideas to do so.


I mean, you good, you good at this chat? Y'all have any ideas? Like you, what does see the problem is, is that you, you've, you've gone, I mean, you bro, you out here? Yeah. Oh yeah. You care once you, once, once you go to the stars and the ps I mean, where the hell, I mean, going to the moon ain't no fun no more. Yeah. Yeah. You done been to the Stars. You been to Pluto, you done been to Neptune. Yeah. I, I'm, I'm Chad you. Any ideas? Maybe I can do something simple. You know, something simple. Maybe hire, hire some violinists, you know, maybe a, maybe a live band. They have a personal chef come in to cook a five course, a five course meal. Hold on. How about the chef in a live band? Rose is flowers.


She wake up music chef already died there cooking. But we, we in two separate houses now. Hey, sit him over there. Well, having to come to your place or having to go to place, man, that little place. He can't cook nothing there. He can't cook nothing with a pot of chili at your house. That little as apartment, you can bag real. No damn beanie weenie. Send him over at the other place and, and do, hey, cook a, a breakfast or brunch, whatever the case may be. I like that. I like that. I like, I like the live band. I like the live band plan while breakfast is being made. Yeah, I like that. That, that, that's different. That's different. That's different. That's different.


The Volume.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing, and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's fourth production in partnership with deep blues sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.