
Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL Media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up y'all? It's Cam Jordan from the New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast. Off the Edge with me, cam Jordan. Catch new episodes every Wednesday and I'll have the biggest NFL Stars Join me to give a player's perspective of the biggest storylines trends, and did that really just happen moment from around the league. So tap in to Off the Edge with Cam Jordan podcast, your ultimate playbook for all things football and not football. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs, and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. Tune into my podcast each week to hear me and my friends in the community break down the latest matches, including the US Open Plus hear from some of the biggest names in the sport about what the future holds. It's about belief. And once you break through that right then you know you can win a Grand Slam. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented By Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, this is Mike Wright from the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast. You heard that, right? The Fantasy footballers have officially entered the dynasty space. Every week we bring you the same in-depth analysis and entertainment you've come to expect from the fantasy footballers only. Now it's from the dynasty perspective. Join me and the rest of the crew every Wednesday for a new episode. Listen to the Fantasy Footballer's Dynasty podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday, and for 30 minutes, I dive into three stories in Major League Baseball that I want to talk about, or I do a stat deep dive. Sometimes I create my own stats. It gets weird. It's now your Go-to podcast for staying up to date and in the weeds with Major League Baseball. No topic is off limits or too small. Bad umpires, great pitcher, catcher, duos. New rules, old rules. Three things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your


The Volume TD Teddy taking it to the House. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. We want to bet on touchdowns and at Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score a touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app, use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet, just five bucks and get one month free of NFL Plus premium. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Ooh, speaking of injuries, ocho, the already depleted 49 ERs offense took another hit. Deebo Samuels Damn will miss a couple of weeks due to a calf strain. Deebo led to 49 ERs with eight Catchings for buck 10 and a 2317 loss to the Vikings. Deebo told Coach Shanahan that he thinks he injured the calf while making a short catch. Late in the game. Losing Samuel leaves the 49 ERs without another big, the one of the biggest sources of production on offense. Remember, they're already down. Christian McCaffrey out the first two game. He's on the, and it looks like he got a Achilles tendonitis and calf issues. And now Deboss down. The question I have for you, are they in trouble? Nah, they're gonna be all right.


You know you got Ricky. Ricky, Ricky finna come back. You have Jujuan Jennings who been, who is also capable of making big plays, obviously more so in the blocking game, but he's an adequate receiver that can get open when need be. You say, did you say IU was hurt? No, I u's not hurt. Okay. Okay. Okay. But he hadn't been involved that I thought he should. Now this, remember last year when Deebo went out, he stepped up, stepped up. Unbelievable. Purdy was looking for him. So he's gonna have to go back to that. Yeah, he's gonna have to go back to, because no Debo, no Christian McCaffrey. They're still gonna be, they're gonna be able to run the football. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But in the passing game, you are gonna have to lean, you're gonna have have to rely a little bit more on I you, you're gonna have to rely a little bit more on Kittle.


Yeah. Like you said, Jennings played really, he played really well. He's made some big time catch. He can make some big time catch. Remember the rookie? The rookie, the rookie's coming in, the rookie from Florida. I think he'll be back first all. Yeah. Yeah. Ricky, he'll be back this week. So I think, I think they'll be fine. I think they'll be fine. Fine. Listen, God damn Shanahan is so goddamn creative offensively knowing how to manipulate the offense and the formations to be able to, to get the players open with understanding of their strengths and their weaknesses and what they're good at and what they're not. I think they're gonna be fine. I hope so. I hope so. The more bad news for the, the defending two time defending Champs in their quest, A threepeat, Isaiah Pacheco also suffered a fracture fibula in the win over the Bengals.


Ongo surgery this week. Pacheco injury comes after chief already lost Hollywood Brown. What looks like for the foreseeable future and could be gone for the entire season. Clyde Edwards Alay is also on the reserve, non-football illness list. Reed told reporters on Monday that currently plans to go the guys we have now, but Added Beach could look to add a veteran she saw hosted a familiar face on Tuesday. Kareem Hunt. Hunt spent his first two years with the Chiefs before playing the last five years with the Browns ocho. That's A good pickup though. It would be. Listen, you know why? Because he knows the goddamn offense. The offense hasn't changed. So he just picking up where you left off when, when, when, when you left there.


So They might go get Jet McKinnon too. Oh, McKinnon was there too. Yeah. Might need to bring him back. I don't know if he signed with anybody. I don't know. McKinney might be somewhere. He might, he might be Good. He can run the ball good at, good at catching the ball. Pick up, pick up the blitz. But I would, I would, I would, I would definitely, you know, welcome Kareem Hunt. Guy can run the ball. I still jet McKenna's a free agent. I think he can still I, yeah. Damn. But this look, they're already struggling to throw the football little show. They, they not, I mean, you know, the running game was Pacheco.


He goes out, you lose Hollywood now. You kept Sky Moore. I don't even know if Sky Moore has Scott Moore been, has he been up? Has he played, has he been active for any of the first two games? Because I haven't seen him. Mocho. Have you seen him on the field? No, not yet. Not yet. I haven't seen him get any targets. But listen, you know what, what's funny? You just said they struggling to throw the ball. They struggled to throw the ball last year too at the beginning of the season. Even with the, even with the new additions, even with, even with the new additions, they, they struggled to throw the ball, but at some point, at some time in the season, I'm not sure when it's gonna happen. Everything opens up for 'em, everything opens up for 'em. Now I wouldn't, I wouldn't wanna base them struggling to throw the ball against the Bengals, but because for some reason the Bengals have their number from a personnel and matchup standpoint, not, not actually winning the game.


I'm just saying they match up very, very well. For some reason, other teams, when they play 'em, not so much. Right. Ocho check this out. The stats are making the rounds today about passing touchdowns through two weeks. In 2019, there were 105. In 2020 there were 110. In 2021 there were 110. In 20 25, 20 22. There were 105. In 2023, there were 86. In 2024 there are 69. Yeah. If the quarterback played down, why are passing touchdowns down OCHO this year? As opposed to what they, I mean, you think about it from five years ago, they're down damn near 40, 40%.


Yeah. I that, that's crazy. You know what? I'm not sure. I'm not sure because all the rules are in favor of the goddamn offense anyway. One of the rules why the players, you can't, you can't touch 'em at, you know, the dbs, you can't touch the receivers after five yards and all this other stuff. So you would think the offensive production, especially when it comes to touchdowns, statistically they should be high, but they're not. I'm, I'm not, I'm not sure what it is. You can blame the quarterback play or you can blame the goddamn play calling. I think what it is, I think a lot of it you got more rookies playing. Oh, okay. Okay. That's a good one. That's a good one. I mean, think about how many, how many rookies we got playing and you know, Brady, Peyton, a lot of the quarterbacks like quarterback players is slipping.


It's going back. Yeah. We're not, they're not teaching these guys. They're just throwing 'em out there because they're high draft picks and they're not ready to play. Yeah. Play. I don't think the rookies have the rookies thrown a quarter a touchdown this year. Has Jayden Daniels thrown a touchdown? Has Caleb Williams thrown up a touchdown? Has, who's a Bo Nicks thrown a touchdown. Has any of the rookie quarterbacks thrown a touchdown yet? Chad No. I'm I, I'm wondering if Jay, what? I'm wondering if Jayden Daniel threw a touchdown against the, they just, they just played the Giants too. I'm not sure if he threw a touchdown though. Yeah. Yeah. I I know that they, they ended up winning the game, but, alright.


Ocho, Yo, Now it's time for Rough. We hadn't had this segment in a wild, now it's time for rough draft. Rough Draft, rough draft, rough your hair. Okay. Ocho Today Show is prompted by Best Rap Albums. Oh, Best Rap Albums, you know, with the, with the Super Bowl. Got us to thinking, okay, who is this? Who is that? Where you go with this or that? So the best rap album. Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on. This, this is, this is difficult.


It's very difficult. Okay, let me, who going first? Me and you? Am I first? First Ocho you first. All right. Best rap album. Life After Death. Is that, that's the two disc album, right? Yes. Life After Death. I'm, I'm just, I'm just throwing this out there. Life after Death, biggie Smalls, because that's a classic. I'm going all eyes on me. Tupac. Okay. Gimme Nas I Mads album. I'm gonna take the Chronic.


Oh, Drake. Oh, that's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. Okay. Gimme Jay-Z's reasonable doubt. Okay, give me, I'm gonna go outcast. A TA lens. Oh shit. You know what? This, this is rap too.


Lil Wayne Carter one, two, and three. I would take, I would take Jay-Z Blueprint. Oh, it's my last one right here, huh? Yep. Gimme, gimme ju gimme juvenile. 400 degrees. Okay, I'm gonna snake take Snoop. DO double G What? Doggy style? I Think dog doggy style. The One with the doghouse on the front. Okay. That, that was a good one. But I, I won this rough draft though. Alright, now who you, okay, we got Honorable mention. You get two honorable mention picks.


Honorable mention. Yeah. You know what? The chat might not agree with this. This is during my time when I lived in la one of my favorite artists. So I wanna give him that Honorable mention Dub CI don't know if you know who Dub C is, but I don't. Yeah, dub dub dub. C Pa Pa pa pa. Man. Hell, I'm gonna take DMX first one. Ah, that's okay. Anything with DM X, but I'm gonna take that first album. Okay. And listen, you know, I, I talk a lot, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm smooth with the tongue.


You know it. Some of the things I love to say, a lot of people might not agree with this. They might not agree with this decision, but it's some of that I enjoy listening to. And that's, that's sugar free. That's, that's sugar free. And that's, that's any album because he'd be talking and y'all might not, my Last one, Y'all might not know about him. You know, if you're from the West Coast, you probably do. I'm going Sugar Free with my Honorable mention. Damn M I'm going to Em and MM You can't, you can't go with, you can't go wrong with that.


You can't, I don't, I don't think that our, the gener our generation here understands how good and iconic m was during his day, during his run. But he was nice. Yeah, Nice. You know what's funny? And, and speaking of rap, I don't, I don't listen to rap chat. I don't listen to it like that like I used to. I I Don't listen to rap like that. You know, I'm, I'm old school, blue Jazz, you know, classical, you know, opera stuff like that. But Chad, I know y'all know who Sauce Walker is. You know who Sauce Walker is. I don't, Man, listen, I got, I just got hit the sauce walker, man. He real, he be, he be spitting, especially when he talk, you know, he be, I I like him. I enjoy him. And there's a song that Sauce Walker has man that speaks to me.


It speaks to me. It's not an environment or, or circumstance that I come from. But listen to the, the, the, the, the pain in his voice when he talk. It's a song called Peace Treaties. Okay. I know you probably, you probably ain't gonna listen to a chat if y'all know about the song by Sauce Walker called Peace Treaties. I've been listening to the same song on repeat. It's not even that long. Ain't him but two minutes long. It just what he's saying, like, I could, I could, I could feel the pain in his voice when he rapping. It's called Peace Treaties. If I don't, if anybody know Sauce Walker, tell him I said, man, bro, I salute you. If you wanna get in the booth together, I'll let you play. Yeah. I, we left off of 50.


Get richer. Do trying. Oh, we left off of NWA Straight Outta Compton. Oh, okay. Straight. Straight. Okay. Hey, we left off Rock Hill being Rock Him. We, Hey, TI, It's a lot. It's, it's so many ways we could have gone. Yeah. There's so many ways we could have gone based on, on our preference. Hell, I could have went, I could have went crucial conflict. I mean, I bought, I mean, I, I mean, looking at ours, we kind of like old school. We ain't really got no, ain't really got nobody do on here. Right. Right. We got all them old. We got all them old dogs, man. So I went with all eyes on me. The chronic at Aliens, Jay-Z Blueprint, Snoop Dogg, doggy style.


DMX Auto mention was DMX and Eminem. OCHO went life after death. L life after death. Na, Illmatic thought you was going with s sir. Reasonable doubt. Jay-Z. Little, little way. He got the call to one, two, three, four, five, six, seven. Juvenile bitch. He went dumb sugar free. Yeah. Man. Don't show you dirty, man. Alright. On Ocho, we back, we back. We brought your favorite back. Now it's time for spell o Cinco. Hey. Hey. Yeah, this y'all chat.


I've Been working, I've been studying, I've been studying my thesaurus just for, for for moments like this. And, and I can say chat. I won't let you down. I won't let you down. I promise you. And, we left our Kanye college dropout, which might be one of the best albums. Yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. Oh, Alright. Ojo your first word. Colonoscopy. Oh, colonoscopy. Oh yeah. Yeah. No colonoscopy. Huh? Not the E colonoscopy. That's what I said. Okay. Yeah. That's it. Yeah.


C-O-C-O-L-O-N-S-C-O-P-Y. That was right. C-O-L-O-N-O-S-C-O-P-Y Colonoscopy. That's what I Just said. Huh? No, you left the o You left the OO after the end. It's a book. This one. You Cheating, you cheat. Alright, check this out. This is also a book in the Bible. Lamentations Lama. Who? Lamentations. Well, that's in, that's in the Old Testament. New Testament. Yeah. New one. I think it's an Old Testament actually.


I think limitations in the old, in the Old Testament. I'm not really sure. Said Lama Lamentations. Yes. Shoot. Listen, I, I don't, I I don't remember that. I don't know what Bible you got, but I'm L-A-M-A-T-A-T-I-O-N-S. No. L-A-M-E-N-T-A-T-I-O-N-O La men Limitations. Damn. I ain't, I know. I ain't know about that. I know about Philippians and Proverbs. Damn. Uhoh Metas metas What?


Metastas Metas. Maide Metastas. Yes. Use it in a sentence, please. Huh? It's, it's when something grows, it's like, I don't know if you've ever been to the doctor, but they'll say like, your cancer has metastasizes, which has means it's grown. Boy, that's a hard one right there, boy. Because you gave, But, you know, Hey, hey, that should be easy for a guy that went to, went to Harvard for a quarter or a semester. But you gotta understand, I went to Harvard for a semester, but I got thrown out.


Oh, damn. So you ain't even make it a full semester, huh? I I ain't making it a full semester. I, I think they caught me cheating on the test. Oh. But Meta metastas. Meta ma MATI Think it's pronounced metastasized, but we'll go with that. Oh, mat. Okay. M-A-T-A-S-M-E-T-A-I started off Wrong. A i, yeah, it's meta. M-E-T-A-S-T-A-S-I-Z-E.


Metastasize Wasn't gonna get that. Okay. This was the e this was the easy one here. Ocho. This is very easy. Girl. What Girl, Girl Is gar is garla. I think it's girl. It's the person that loves to talk about bull drive foolishness. Girl. Girl. Hey, I think it's pronounced girl. But when I wanna spelling beat, when I wanna spelling be 87, boy, I ain't never heard no words like this. Girl, Girl, Girl, girl is a person is a talk.


It's a talkative person that likes to talk about foolishness. Bullies. Okay. Okay. Okay. Most, most of the time, words like this are real tricky and the spelling of them can be real tricky. So I'm just going, I'm gonna take a wing at it. Take A Wing at it. I'm, I'm gonna take a wing at it. I might miss, but the fact that I'm trying G-U-R-L-O-U-S-G-A-R-R-U-L-O-U-S gerus. I, I, well, I was this close. You were, oh, one more r You had it Damn observability observability observability ability.


Oh, O-B-S-E-R-V-A-B-I-L-I-T-Y. Ding, ding, ding, Ding, ding, ding, ding. Yeah. See, see now, now you now see, see what happened when you asked me a, a, a question and you asked me to spell something that I'm familiar with, because I've been observing all my life. I've been observing all my life. And that's what you have to do. You have to observe. 'cause when you observe it, it lets you know how you need to move. Make sure you observing.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else, straight from the source, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week of get all the latest news, previews, recaps, and analysis delivered straight to your podcast feed by the time you get your coffee. No dumb hot takes here. Just smart hot takes. We'll talk every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in the big guns from NFL Media. That's Patrick Clayban, Steve Weiss, Nick Shook, Jordan R from the Athletic, and of course Colleen Wolf. This Is their window right now. This is their Super Bowl window. Why would they trade him away? Because he would be a pivotal part of them winning that Super Bowl. I Don't know why. Colleen, catch the podcast, the NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal every day. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. And who doesn't want that? Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Alright, here we go. It's Cam Jordan from New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast. Off the edge with me. Cam Jordan, can't stop it. You know what's gonna happen. Can't stop it. That's right. Catch new episodes every Wednesday, all season long. That's what you look for. Year 14 to do more. No on. And I'll have my friends who happen to be some of the NFL's biggest stars. Join me on the pod. We'll give you a player's perspective of the biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moments from around the league? And, you know, we'll have fun doing it, huh? Yeah. Oh, and I'll have a special guest each month. Join me to mix it up a little bit. Who is it? None other than psych. You have to tune in to find out. So tap in to Off the Edge with Cam Jordan's podcast, your ultimate playbook for all things football and not football. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mike Wright from the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast. You heard that, right? The Fantasy footballers have officially entered the dynasty space every week. We bring you the same in-depth analysis and entertainment you've come to expect from the fantasy footballers only. Now from a dynasty perspective, maybe you've been living in the dynasty fantasy football space for a while. Well, we're here to take your game to the next level. Maybe you love fantasy football and you've been feeling that itch to jump into the dynasty format, but it feels a little bit intimidating no matter where you're coming from. The Fantasy Footballer's Dynasty podcast has something for you. And you're gonna have a great time listening, I promise. Join me and the rest of the crew every Wednesday for a new episode. Listen to the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liar's Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Now it's time for Dunk on Unc. Am I? Oh, I was, I was horrible. Tonight. I'm a little rusty. I'm a little rusty. Yeah, it's been a while since we done, we done fellow. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. See go or dunk on up. Yeah. So I that, that's why I'm a little rusty Chad. I apologize for my spelling tonight. Please don't think in any way that I don't know what I'm talking about. Or, or, or that I'm, I'm dumb. Okay, here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Dunk on a first question. Who holds the Jets record for the most sacks in a single season? Ooh, he had the record. It was 22.


I think he did it. Mark Gas. He was a part of the New York Check Sack Exchange. It was Gas Joe Cleco, Marty Lyons and Abdul Salon. Okay. What year was that? Oh man, lemme see. Hold on. 19. I thought I wanna say 84 or 85. I'm gonna say 84. Damn. Okay. Why the hell don't you do that? Don't you let that computer Oh, that logged, I logged in. Lemme cut this computer off. Lemme cut the computer off right quick.


You cheating man. Okay. I logged in on it. Y'all saw that? I done logged in on it. Okay. Okay. Okay. Alright. Oh yeah. You ain't gonna get this one Who holds the 49 ERs franchise record for the most career sacks. The 49 ERs? Yep. Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go. Fred Dean, That is absolutely wrong. The answer is Brian Young. How many he got?


50, 80, 89 and a half. Damn. I ain't no BY had that many. Yeah. 89. 89 and a half. Damn. Yeah. Oh yeah. 89 and a half. Okay, here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Number three. Number three. Oh yeah. You definitely ain't gonna get this one either. I'm finna get it. Shouldn't me, they just played the night. Which Eagles player holds the franchise record for the most receptions in a single season. Oh, you definitely ain't finna get this one. Why you looking to the right? You over there cheating? Nah, hold on. Most reception in a single season. Yeah. Yeah. You definitely ain't finna get this.


Ooh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We gonna, we gonna have, we gonna get the same amount. Right. I'm gonna get, I'ma get one more to you or I ain't, ain't, I ain't even go out like This. Trust me. You going one in five? Mm. AJ Brown? I don't know Zach Ertz 116. 116 receptions in 2018. Wow. Zach, er, oh, you ain't gonna get this one either. You getting all these wrong.


Which Packer's Kicker holds a record for the longest field goal in Team History. And how long was it? Which Packer's Kicker holds a record for the longest field goal in team history. And how long was it? My goodness. I'm gonna say Max Crosby. Who? Max Crosby. That is absolutely wrong. Mac Crosby plays for the Oakland Raiders. Excuse me. Mason Crosby. Huh? Mason Crosby. You already said Max, But it's Mason, right? It's Mason Crosby. Yeah, but you already said I Was, I was, thank I was thanking Mason Crosby when I said Max. Okay. But you know, but you know what, just, just so you know, I was on that track, Ocho Nah, it is, it ain't about being on track.


It's about being right and you were wrong. Okay, you got me, You got me said Mason again. So now this your last one and you finna get this one wrong too. And I told you we both going one in five. Okay, here we go. Oh hell nah. What is it? Okay. Okay. Alright, you ready? Yeah, Because see, this is a raven, this is a Ravens question. And you might know this. I was only there two years though, Joe. Okay. But, but still, you know, you know your history. Plug your computer up, right? Your, your computer ain't working tonight because you one in three. What year did the Ravens have a 300 yard passer?


A thousand yard rusher, and a thousand yard receiver. And I need the names of the players at each position that were eight that accomplished this feat. It's pretty easy too. I had a 300 and a and a 3000 Yard passer. A thousand yard rusher and a thousand yard wide receiver Kyle Bowler, Jamal Lewis and Derek Mason. That is absolutely wrong. You got one third of the question right? Because a thousand yard receiver was Derek Mason, but the quarterback when Joe Flacco and the running back with a thousand yards Ray Rice.


Rice. Yes sir. Oh man. There we go. Like I said, you went one for five and I went one for five. I I had a a 40 and slip. A who? Aian slip. So did I. On the, on the, on the on col colonoscopy I left out. I left out one, I left out the O. Yeah. Yeah. So we in the same boat. We in the same boat. Alright, Ojo, it's time for q and a Q and a. I'm feeling good tonight, bro. I feel like I can, I can talk on God damn day I IG Rick 35, 26 IF and love you.


Ocho lost a 60. No, I fucking love you Rick. I fucking love you bitch. I lost a $6,200 parlay tonight by one Jake Elliot Point. Can I get some love and cheer me up, Ocho, thanks. Hey listen, listen, I apologize for you losing your money, right? But when it comes to gambling, gambling is something that I don't do, I don't do because if I'm going to lose money, I wanna be the result or I wanna be the reason it's lost, therefore I don't do it. But as a gambling man, brother, as a gambling man, you have to understand they're gonna be wins and they're gonna be losses. Absolutely. That's why they call it gambling. That's Why they call it gambling. So there's really not much I can tell you if you lost 60, he said 6,200. He lost a fixture. He didn't loot, I mean like a parlay.


He probably, in order for it to be that big, he probably have like, what, like five or six? Right? And he needed Jake Elliot to, to have X amount of points or like that. Oh, to get to get 6,200. Yeah. Right, right. Oh, okay, okay. Okay. My bad man. Damn man. I apologize for that. But rebound, you can rebound Thursday night. Matter of fact, you can rebound Monday night when the Bengals play the play the commanders. Wow. I help you with your parlay. This guy here, his entire specialty, his entire fantasy team is hurt Jordan. He got Jordan Love, Raheem Moer, Kenneth Walker iii, AJ Brown, Deebo Samuel DJ David and Ku Cooper Cup and Graham gno.


God damn, He might as well go ahead. Quit. This whole team hurt. Basically Kumar 0 1, 2, 3, 4 said, so the taunting penalty by McLeod and Drake are receivers just responding to some previous trash talk. Just we didn't, we don't see because the penalty pisses off everyone. But it's because of previous talk. Yeah. Normally what happens, they get the guy to respond. Not the guy that started it Always, always. I just, I, I, I just, ah, it is, I think some of these players don't even like each other For real, man.


Yeah, Sure. You know that, that, that, that's funny because I'm thinking about the punch that was thrown last night. Was it Al Shazer? How do you say his name? Al Sha. Like I'm, and then, you know, tonight Ray, Ray McLeod, you know, clocked off on cj. I'm like, you know, I'm starting to think these, these boys don't really like each other for real, Man. Who was that dude? What was that? Was that the Chicago game where the receiver ran up on it? Oh Yeah. Well, C jj under Skin. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But this stu be fired off on cj. Yeah. I mean, hey. He, I think he be getting up under their skin. I don't know what CJ be saying, but he be getting up under their skin. Jesus loves Kobe, your UNC and Ocho, who are the most talented guys, you know, who didn't make it to the league?


Oh, shoot. Most talented. Yep. Boy, boy, I, it is a a, a bunch of 'em, you know, probably about a handful. I I think about when I was in high school, there was some dudes that were phenomenal in high school. You know, you gotta think I went to high school in the, in the nineties, if you know anything about Miami and Liberty City in the nineties. Yep. They, they chose, they chose that other path. Yeah. They chose that other path. You know, that, that fast money. It was, it was, it was, it was, it was good. You know, it was good. And they, they, they were much, much, much better than I than I was at that time. I'm not sure as the years gone on or the years had went on, if they had stuck the football, how, how great they could have gotten or if they had peaked while they were in high school.


But man, it was, some dudes come out the city, man. Yeah. It was unbelievable. I mean, we all, we all know stories, people in the chat. I'm sure you guys, if you played sports, you know, people, you know, during their younger days that were phenomenal talents that would probably make it to the, to the highest level in their respective crafts, but just chose a different route. Yeah. Probably high school. I played, well not high school. I played, we were the same age. We were in junior high together. Dude named Frank Shepherd could do it all. Ocho played basketball, could run play football.


He could do it all. Yeah. I didn't have to go. We played like Pop Warner and, and, and Midget football. I have to go get it because you know, back then if you didn't go to school, you couldn't play in the game. Right. Come on, Frank. Just come today. You can miss the, you can the, you can miss tomorrow, the next day. Right. But I'm gonna come back. Get your ass again because we got another game on Friday. Right? You good like that Immensely talent. Yes. Yes. Absolutely. But like you said, he chose a different path than me. Yeah, man. We went to, I mean, grandmas were good friends. We went to the same church. We same classroom a lot, man.


He had ability. I'm talking about young man. He had like a, a grown man body in high school. Okay. Okay. I see what I, I know exactly what you're talking about. Damn. Evangelina Rios. Unc Ocho. I won my family's NFL pick for the first time. I owe it to listening to Nightcap and your insight. Thank you. Well, thank you. And Evangel Evangelina, welcome. You're Welcome. Welcome. Twin Evangelina Rios. Thank you. Thank you. We really appreciate that. Thank you for your support. Tell your family I said hello and tell 'em to subscribe. Samuel Griff. Hello Night Cat. Re the Panthers was the ever a moment you were frustrated when your team started a younger raw player as opposed to a veteran?


I never had, I never had that issue. 'cause I always had a veteran. You know, I had John Kidner, I had Scott Mitchell, I had Gus Ferro at, at one point. I had Ryan Fitzpatrick at one point as well. So I always had a, a veteran presence at the quarterback position. And obviously once Carson came in, remember Scott Mitchell that played with her? Yeah. Lefty. Yeah. Yeah. It was in Miami and then I went to Detroit. Yeah. I I never had that problem. So That was it. Aaron Owen says, what was the play called in the game Ceiling third down conversion Pittsburgh in 1997 and the 96 yard touchdown against Seattle.


We had in 97, I think it was 3 25. 'cause I was on the left. 3 25. All pivot. No, 3 25 All pivot or all thunder. All pivot. Well, the pivot, the pivot's on the outside, right? What? You gotta see All we just said all. Oh, so when it says all, it's telling everybody to run Pivot Rock. Oh my, My bad, my bad. Yeah. And, and, and 96 yard touchdown against Oakland was Seattle And. we just wanted enough room to punt. It wasn't supposed to be anything special. Just run three yard slant.


Because you gotta realize O Joe, we on the four yard line, right? And so that's really, that's barely enough because normally the punt is about 13, 14 yards. Right? So we sna the ball. That's, and and Brian is like, Hey, let's just get like five or six yards because it was 30 and 18, 30 and 16, 30 and 18. And they brought a blitz. Well you brought a, you bring a blitz and you hit a crease. It's a wrap. Goodnight, Irene. I had reservations for six, had about 20 seconds. They say, Mr. Sharp, how long will it take you to get there? I say, I'll be there in 10 seconds.


Yep. That's what happened. Benzino oh two one K football Universe said, Hey guys, I'm really loving this show. I played matchup in Madden 12 bass on the 2011 season. Many historic teams. I created a team that included the 1998 Broncos Madden 2004 and the 2005 Bengals Man. Oh six. What was y'all favorite? Madden Ocho. You still played man, though, right? Hell Yeah. Right. Polo. Now what's your rating? Can you, can you beat, can you beat LeBron? LeBron? Sorry. LeBron can't even beat me in basketball, let alone Matt. What you talking about, Man? I mean, they say LeBron, they say LeBron like, yeah. Top 1000 in the world. Yeah, LeBron good.


You see this controller right here? I don't leave home without it. I leave. Hey, listen, I leave my wallet and my car keys before I leave without this. Wait. Yeah. I'm, I haven't played. Look, cam Newton is good. Durwin James is really good as well. Mic Michael Parsons is good. Tyreek Hill plays as well. But nobody is as good as me. I'm the greatest Madden player. What is your rate? What is your rating? What do you rank in the world? Me? Yeah. You ocho. Oh, right now. Five. Oh Lord have mercy. Hey, Chad, what's Ocho rank? The Chad don't know me. Yeah, they do. I'm Ranked What's your handle?


Huh? What's your, what's your handle love? Hell nah. This, this, this ninja. Pretend like he can't Pretend like he can't hear me. Mario Chiquito. Hey Uncle Ocho. Can I get a shout out from my brothers Luis and future Sister-in-Law? Samantha, we're all huge fans of the show. Much love to both of you. You absolutely can. Mario. Hey Luis. Samantha, congratulations on the nuptials long, healthy, happy marriage. Hopefully you guys have subscribed and make sure you click that like button. But congratulations guys.


Mario, appreciate your support. Thank you for being here. A loyal listener and follower of Nightcap. We greatly appreciate your support here. OCHO and I? Yes sir. And team Nightcap, not an influencer. My mom told, I told my mom, your women have to go to the restroom to pass gas. She said if that's, if she has shopping money, hair and nails done, bills paid, she'll drive up the street. You see what I'm saying? You see why I'm talking? Thank, thank you. Thank you, mom. That's too much, much. Thank you, mom. That's too much, Much. No, it ain't, That's too much. I don't, I don't, I don't think that's too, I don't think that's a lot. I don't think I'm asking a lot. I I, I think that's a bit excessive for someone to have to leave the room just to use the bathroom.


I Ain ain. Gotta leave the room. Well, you ain't, you ain't finna take no dump on the floor or pee on the floor. Yeah, you gotta leave the room. Go in the bathroom. Yeah. I mean, yeah, but they can leave the door open. No. Hell nah. I wanna hear you peeing up going to the bathroom. Hell Nah. I, I don't have no, I don't have, listen, if, if, if she has to do number two, I have no problem with her doing number two. Leave the door open. We can still hold a conversation. No, we can't. What we talking for? What we gotta talk about? What, what is so important that we, it can't wait till you get finished doing your business for us to have this conversation. I'm just trying to figure out what hold, hold what's of grave importance. I got a question. Yeah. So you've never, you've never, I'm listen, some of the greatest, some of the best conversations, the deepest conversations, no meaningful conversations.


Let me finish now. Some of the best stuff, it happens when your girl is on the toilet doing number two and you just sitting there on the, on the, on the edge of the bathtub and y'all converse on, on, on various topics that might be important. I turn the wa I turn the water on and close the door when I go pee. Aw man. She, I don't want you to hear that. You don't know about romance, man. I do know about that. I didn't know romance. That, That's, that's that's romance. That's romantic now. Nah, that's romantic. I'm telling you. Nah, Hell nah. I ain't, no, I ain't have no conversation. And see, here's the thing. If y'all knew some of the women that I had dated, which y'all consider, y'all know so much about my life, y'all should know.


Ask them. I'm going to the bathroom in front. I don't go, I don't do that woman gonna tell y'all pass gas in front of her. I, oh, I can see if I incapacitated, I can get my big black rusty butt up and go to the bathroom. Ah, man, listen. So you a woman has to, if for her to pass gas, she gotta leave the room. Yeah. Just go to the bathroom. Mojo For what? That's a sign of love. That's a sign of comfort. That ain't no sign of love. No, it don't love me then I want you to love me just like me. Yeah. You ain't living right man. That's, that's, that's, that's part of just being human, you know.


Oh, Joe, let, let's gas Out. So is eating, so is eating, but I don't want you chewing with your mouth open. It's just a part of life you need to eat to live. But I don't want you chewing with your mouth open. You see how that works? Ojo, You got too, you got too many rules man. I ain't got ocho. You make it seem like I say you got to be in by five o'clock. You can't leave the house before seven o'clock. I ain't got no rules like that. I got one rule. I don't want you to pass gas in front of me that's asking too much. No, but there's a cer there's a certain level of comfortability when you've been with someone. Long Time. Don't get that comfortable with me. I think there's certain things, some things that should be a man should keep to himself and a woman should keep to herself.


I have a question. Yes. So if Michelle pass gas front you, what's gonna happen? Man, I, I ain't going there with you. Ocho team Tyson say Oh, and Ocho Mike and I love the show. I have one question. What do y'all think I should do for my 36th birthday next Wednesday? Say a prayer. What haven't you done? Say a prayer. Do what I do. My birthday is January 9th, 1968 on the night of the eighth at 1159. And that clock hit midnight. I see a prayer thanking the Lord for seeing another year. You don't need to do nothing. You ain't gotta do nothing. Don't spend no money. Don't spend no money. Just thank the Lord for seeing another year. 'cause there are a lot of people that's gonna be your age That didn't make it.


Come on now. A a year. Hell, I'm back to see another, another day. Oh yeah. Every, every day I wake up before I left feet hit the floor. Yeah. Man. Thank you God for letting me open my eyes. Yeah. Because I know somebody had, somebody had a, had an appointment. Oh. And they can't be rescheduled. You know, 1, 1, 1 thing about an appoint that, that appointment, you never know when it's coming. You never know it's coming.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the Stores, whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news previews, recaps and analysis delivered straight to your podcast feed by the time you get your coffee. No dumb hot takes here. Just smart hot takes. We'll talk every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in the big guns from NFL Media. That's Patrick Clayban, Steve Weiss, Nick Shook, Jordan R from the Athletic, and of course Colleen Wolf. This is their window right now. This is their Super Bowl window. Why would they trade him away? Because he would be a pivotal part of them winning that Super Bowl. I Don't know why. Colleen, catch the podcast, the NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal every day. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. And who doesn't want that? Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Alright, here we go. It's Cam Jordan from New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast. Off the edge with me. Cam Jordan can't stop it. You know what's gonna happen. Can't stop it. That's right. Catch new episodes every Wednesday, all season long. That's what you look for. You're 14 to do more. No. And I'll have my friends who happen to be some of the NFL's biggest stars, join me on the pod. We'll give you a player's perspective of the biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moments from around the league? And, you know, we'll have fun doing it. Ha Yeah. Oh, and I'll have a special guest each month. Join me to mix it up a little bit. Who is it? None other than psych. You have to tune in to find out. So tap in to Off the Edge with Cam Jordan's podcast, your ultimate playbook for all things football and not football. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mike Wright from the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast. You heard that, right? The Fantasy footballers have officially entered the dynasty space every week. We bring you the same in-depth analysis and entertainment you've come to expect from the fantasy footballers only. Now from a dynasty perspective, maybe you've been living in the dynasty fantasy football space for a while. Well, we're here to take your game to the next level. Maybe you love fantasy football and you've been feeling that itch to jump into the dynasty format, but it feels a little bit intimidating no matter where you're coming from. The Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast has something for you. And you're gonna have a great time listening, I promise. Join me and the rest of the crew every Wednesday for a new episode. Listen to the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans. And with the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


J Dub from Akron J Dub. We missed you, bro. Where you been? Hey guys, I'm concerned about your delicacy. You eat skunk and raccoon? No, no rac, no skunk raccoon Ocho. You eat booty. You go to get rabies and ocho, you go to catch e coli. Can't have my, can't have my guys go out like that. Be careful. No, no, no. Ain't never mentioned nothing about them eat. No, no, no. unk. See, see, the problem is I'm not, who, who was that? That shit said that. JW from Akron. Hey, J Duff. Oh, he from Akron. Oh yeah. Not LeBron homeboy. Yeah, they, they, they don't, they don't eat ass in Akron, man. They just, they don't, yeah, he don't, he don't know. No better.


Make sure, tell get in the shower. Boy. Try this. I know you probably got a girl if you don't got one. Go out there and get one. Do the whipped cream trick. Get you some cherries from Publix or Ralph's or Vaughn's, whatever y'all got out there in Akron. Kroger's. Get you some whipped cream. Try it. Tell you. Put that ch put the, put that chair right there in that hole. Put the cherry on top. Get the whipped cream. Yeah. And try to get to the cherry. You gotta bury the cherry down there and get down there and get it. I'm good. No, No, I'm good.


I'm passing Lavee Berry. Hey, uncle Ocho. Today is me and my wife's eighth anniversary. Hey, could you wish us a happy anniversary and give us some words of wisdom, which we love you guys. Lalle and Gabrielle. Quisenberry. Lavee. Gabrielle. Is it Gabrielle or Gabriela? Gabrielle, I'm we gonna go with Gabrielle. Happy eight. God, you you doing great. I don't need no words of encouragement. You made it eight years. Eight years. Eight years. Hell, a lot of people don't make it. Eight months Tomorrow will be. It's a That's unbelievable.


We're happy for you. We're proud of you eight and before you know it, it'll turn into 18 and hopefully you have continued great help. Yeah. And prosperity seems like you guys really, really love each other because you guys listen to the show together and couples that do things together, they normally stay together a little longer together. Yeah. And you gotta live as one. There are no individuals. And, we come together. We are one. And so congratulations on your eighth anniversary. Many, many more anniversaries to come and whatever you've done to make it this far. Keep that going. Yeah. Don't forget one band, one sound, One band, one sound.


Manny Zel. Yo. Uncle Ocho, what is the worst injury you've seen during y'all careers? Oh, well, the worst injury I, I saw would it have to be, if it had to be Carson Man, first play of the game. Chemo Van Ooff, whatever his name is. I don't know how to say it. The, the last name. Yeah. Ran into, into Carson's knee. Ah, Yeah. I mean ACL Achilles tear. I fractured my eye socket. I dislocated my elbow. Broke my collarbone. God damn. Yeah. I got a plate in this eye. Broke my collar bone. Everything mainly happened on the left, on the left side too.


Broke my collarbone. Fractured my eye socket. Yeah. Fractured eye socket. Had the nerves dead and this left a, nah, it was my right ankle. My right ankle had the nerve dislocated my right elbow. Shit. Yeah, they, they had you. Boy, You remember that? Remember the video game operation from back in the day? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what you sound like, like, like the little odd little video game operation. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Everything. You know, obviously I've had both of my hip repaired. So your boy, your boy a y'all, y'all making, see, I mean obviously, you know, we saw, I, I'm old enough to remember when Joe Thaman on this very on in a very similar situation.


Lawrence Taylor Sack, Joe Thaman and Car had a compound compound leg fracture. Yeah. I, I'm old enough to remember that. I'm old enough to remember when Napoleon McCallum dislocated and almost lost his leg because he tore an artery, same thing with Edwards. I think he was rookie of the year with New England playing beat Sandbox football. Flag football. Yeah. Oh, I thought, I thought he was with the Dolphins. No, he was with the Patriots at the time. The running back. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. He ended up going to the Dolphin. Okay. I think his name was Robert Edwards. Yep. I remember, I remember that from University of George. I think that's, I think that's what it is.


Yeah. Yeah. And so, you know, people be, man, dang, unc you be, you be, man, you be walking like yeah, have two replace hip and have all the injuries that I've had. And you see how you be walking at 56. Yeah. But I wouldn't change a thing. Ocho. Yeah. I I got you. Shoot. I Got, I wouldn't, I wouldn't change a thing because it got, it got me and my family outta that situation. Oh yeah. I got lucky. I ain't have any injuries. Carver said Unc, make sure Ocho put his name on one cup whenever he visits. Oh yeah. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Ocho don't drink out no real cups. Ocho get, Ocho gets solo cups or styrofoam.


Oh, we throw that stuff right in the trash. Why? Oh, what you mean? Why? Oh, I wish I bad. Look here, boy. I bet I never get stranded with you. I'm drinking straight out the ocean. Ain't no sharing no canteen. Oh. Oh, no. Nah, I'm good. Come on man. Hey, you ain't had no water in two or three days. I'm Good. Hey, so we in the desert and I got one canteen. You ain't gonna drink from the canteen? Nah, I'm, I'm gonna hit you over your head. I'ma take your canteen. I ain't drinking by. I ain't drinking by you. Oh no, you don't put all the booty particles in the water. Ah, nah man. Ain't, ain't no, ain't no part, ain't no particles. Huh? They, they, yeah it is. You gotta make sure they come out the shower.


You drink it out. Styrofoam, A red solo cup. We could throw that thing away. Alright. As a matter of fact, you ain't eating me off no fork. We got plastic forks for you, spoons, knives, cups and paper plates. And I ain't that bad. I ain't that bad. The only way I would, I would me a little swig. I would take a little swig of Clorox. Clorox. Yeah. Kill whatever you got. Oh, I, Hey listen man, Bad aint fool. What you, your man. Hey, one day you gonna have to, you gonna, you gonna have to, you gonna have to evolve now I keep telling you that. And you, I'm evolving as, as, as you get, as you get older and, and you want to deal with some of the, some of the younger women.


That What I gotta do, Ocho, I'm, I'm just telling you. Got you. You Know what OI been thinking that's why I got, I got slim picket. Huh? You got them. You got these young bulls out here, man. That's doing, they, they doing All that. Man. They be having women all on top of the ceiling fan going around on top of the ceiling. They tie to the ceiling fan. What? Yeah. All type. Yeah. All type of new shit, man. You got, you gotta be creative man. I had my ceiling fan took that taken down. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta try that. If you, you got, you get your little small one. Hey, she don't weigh that much. Tie it to the ceiling fan and then turn it on low. Yeah. She get a kick outta that. So hold on. How, how am I supposed to hold on? First of all, I'm 50, so, you know. Hey, look at, at, at my age, Ocho you know, I, I, you know, I, I can't like, so if I, if I ain't, so if they buying cars and Birkin bags and LLCs and doing that, I can't compete.


See, listen, there's a small percentage of men that are buying cars and at Birkin, shit, I'm talking about a small percentage. Very. I'm about so small. Very, But the but hold, but Ocho but the women I like, they like the guys that's buying the Birkin bag in the cars. Well, I mean, You know, we shop at the same departments though. Ocho Yeah, you right. You right, you're right, you're right. I mean, listen tho, those, those guys, those guys in that tier, they, they all, they all date the same. It's like one big old, don't, don't get me started. Don't get me started. Ocho you like Ocho and people always say, well man, why y'all date the same girl Ocho?


Do you think the, you think the Moth likes flying to the flame? Oh, he knows how it's going to end. He can't help it. Yeah. Come on now. It's the attraction That it Has. Yes sir. Yeah. You attracted to what you attracted to. She attracted to what you attracted to. And guess what, that's what surrounds you when you go places. That is what is around, you are around those type of women. Those women are around those type of guys. Yeah. Yeah. You put yourself in that environment based on what you want. If you go to the Serengeti, I'm expecting to see Cape Buffalo.


I'm expecting to see Wilder be Lions. Yeah. Rhinoceros Hippopotamuses. That's what I expect to see when I go to that environment. Yeah. When you go to the, the environments and you are an athlete, celebrity, entertainment entertainer, you are going to see that. Yeah. Long. As long as you understand. I ain't going back to Houston no more. That's for sure. I ain't going back either. I might, you know what? I might go to a Texans game. Let your boy know. Girl. I'll go down there with you All. Shoot. Bet we go And. we go down on no Spirit.


Got specials to Houston too from Miami. Huh? Spirit got specials from Miami to Houston. I drive, I be stop lying. I ain't driving. Hey, hey, I, I done got spoiled. I can't, I can't drive. I ain't gonna locked. I got about 30 minutes. I got about 30 minute drive in. Me other than that, go lock up back. Be tight. I need a massage therapist before I get out the, before I get out the car, man. Back to Malik. Said Ocho got that dog in him. He loves smelling from behind. Huh?


You know that's our dog. That's our dogs greet each other. They walk around and like that's you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Depending on what kind of dog you are. You know what it is. Yeah. Ocho man, you know what, I guess that's, you know, I guess I gotta go on. Go on inside. Yeah. Whatever you, whatever you gotta do. OO Big O oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Big dog. Can't hunt no more. O yellow. Go take him out to the pasture then. Hey Ocho, it's time for me to go on. Hey. Like we had a, we, I was a little boy. We had a dog named Joe Boy. Yeah.


Time for me to come on in, on get on the porch and just lay on the porch. That's it. He ain't get jump out the porch. He just woo. He ain't going nowhere. He couldn't do it no more, Joe. He couldn't do it no more. Hey, they, they doing it like that, don't you? So that explains It. Hey man, listen man, it is the, the, the, the creativity, the creativity is at an is is at an all time high. I mean things that you unimaginable, you know, to be able to please some of the individuals that, you know, folks are dealing with. So, I mean, if you still, if you still in kindergarten when it comes to, to romance and, and, and being with someone, it's like, you know, I'm in eighth grade, that's considered the bare minimum.


I'm in eighth grade. I feel you, Man. Aren't your bad. I gotta, I gotta stay away from you. Nah. Listen You a bad influence. I, I'm, I'm, no, I'm a gr I'm a great influence. I'm, I'm a great influence for, for, for, for some of the things that I'm, that I'm great at and experience that, you know, you Good at financial literacy, you good at stuff like that. But don't be taking no woman to buy some smoke. Don't be taking No, no. Daily tips from ocho. Oh No. Take yo, take it from me. Take it. Yeah, take it from me. Especially dating. Oh yeah. I'm right where you want to go.


I may have all your money in your pocket by the time the night end. Nah, I, you know what to keep from doing all that. I spend a little money. Nah. Ah, yeah, yeah. I ain't doing that. You can't take it with you. Yeah. Dang. I can't take it with me. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know when that appointment is, but to make sure when I do have it, it be some left over for that funeral. Yeah. Hey, it gonna be enough. I done gave, I done gave what you call them. Hey, they got their s instructions and, and make sure they started on time. One o'clock. I want the pastor standing up at one o'clock at 1259.


I wanted a, I want him to be walking. Walking towards the right. Yep. That what I wanted to do. Close the door. Hey, at one o'clock, close the door. If you ain't there at one o'clock, you ain't coming in. You Locked out. Locked out. Hell no. Oh, Joe, man, that was a quick game tonight. I'm gonna be able to get some decent sleep tonight. Ojo Me, me and you, me and you both. I got a my flight to Philly in the morning.


Guys. That concludes our episode of Nightcap. Thank you guys for tuning in as you watch the Falcons come back and defeat the Eagles. 2221 cousins leave the drive at the end hits Drake London for a touchdown and they, they win the ball game. 2221. Jesse Bates II ends up picking up Jalen Hertz to preserve the victory as the Falcon gets a much needed and a hard fought win. 22, 2 21 over the Eagles. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm your favorite Aunt Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite number 85. He's the route runner extraordinaire from Liberty City. He's a binga ring of Fame Honoree, a Pro Bowl or all pro.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson, please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And guys do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from every subscriber counts. And thank you for counting. Thank you for mattering and thank you for supporting UNC and OCHO and everybody here at Nightcap. Make sure you go check out Shea by La Portier. We have it in stock And. if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, check out our e-commerce site and we'll ship it directly to your home. Make sure you go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company. 84. That's 84 being spelled out.


The link is pinned at the top of the chat again, the Falcons beat. The Eagles. 2221 Ocho Drake, London touchdown. Put him ahead and Jesse Bates seals the victory with an interception over Jalen Hertz. I'm up. He's Ocho. This is Nightcap. We're out The Volume.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL Media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up y'all? It's Cam Jordan from the New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast. Off the Edge with me. Cam Jordan catch new episodes every Wednesday and I'll have the biggest NFL Stars join me to give a player's perspective of the biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moment from around the league. So tap in to Off the Edge with Cam Jordan podcast, your ultimate playbook for all things football and not football. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for 30 minutes I dive into three stories in Major League Baseball that I want to talk about, or I do a stat deep dive. Sometimes I create my own stats. It gets weird. It's now your Go-to podcast for staying up to date and in the weeds with Major League Baseball. No topic is off limits or too small. Bad umpires, great pitcher, catcher, duos. New rules, old rules. Three things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's three things, things on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. Tune into my podcast each week to hear me and my friends in the community break down the latest matches, including the US Open Plus hear from some of the biggest names in the sport about what the future holds. It's about belief and once you break through that, then you know you can win a Grand Slam. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, this is Mike Wright from the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast. You heard that right? The Fantasy footballers have officially entered the dynasty space. Every week we bring you the same in-depth analysis and entertainment you've come to expect from the fantasy footballers only. Now it's from the dynasty perspective. Join me in the rest of the crew every Wednesday for a new episode. Listen to the Fantasy Footballer Dynasty podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I.