
Are you still quoting 30 year old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen Report,


Creativity doesn't wait and moves, shifts, evolves just like you. And with a yoga PC from Lenovo. Your tools finally keep up stunning, smart, and sustainably sourced. Yoga pieces from Lenovo are designed to amplify your creativity with AI powered performance. Whether you're sketching, editing, animating, or composing yoga moves with you, adapting to your creativity, to your rhythm, with beautiful displays and the flexibility to shift from laptop to tablet, yoga unlocks new ways to inspire and create. Because at Lenovo, we believe your tools should fuel your flow, not hold you back. Yoga PCs from Lenovo support you at every step of your creative journey. So check out lenovo.com/yoga and supercharge your creativity with yoga. Lenovo Lenovo, Empowering creators everywhere.


Optimize your nutrition with Factor America's Number one, ready to eat meal service factor fresh. Never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like calorie smart and protein plus factors. Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off to get 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial, results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


Did You know that parents rank financial literacy as the Number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Green Light, the debit card and money app for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save, and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at greenlight.com/iheart.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this BA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to edition the Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bitch you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the rack with Draftking Sports Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet Nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Did You know colon cancer is considered one of the most preventable, yet least prevented cancers when call in the early stages? Colon cancer has a survival rate of 90%. So screening in early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. That's why the American Cancer Society recommends that if you're at average risk, you begin screening for colon cancer at age 45. And a convenient way to do that is with Cologuard tests. The Cologuard test allows you to be in control of your co colon cancer screening through prescription based tests delivered to your door with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. No liquid prep, no days off, no invasive procedures. Plus Cologuard test is affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and a follow-up colonoscopy is needed after a positive Cologuard test. This is usually covered by insurance also. So if you're 45 years or older and at average risk, you can ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with a Cologuard test. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at Cologuard dot com slash podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk of colorectal cancer. Do not use Cologuard tests if you have had Athenas have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family degree of colorectal cancer. Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopies. High risk patients. Cologuard tests in adults 45 to 49 estimated based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older. False positive and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


A quarterback coach from a team drafted in the top seven referred to Sha Shado Sanders as brash and arrogant in his team interview Jos Anderson posted a very lengthy, interesting post. I'm not gonna read it all, but you guys can see it. Here we go with this again, Ocho. That's what, that's what you want from your quarterback. I, no, listen, don't change. You know who else is brash. Can I tell you one quarterback who was brash, especially come outta college with the way he plays. The way he carried himself by the name of Baker Mayfield. He went Number one too. Yep. Number head Baker. Baker Mayfield was trash cam, You know? Huh? Cam, cam bra, huh? You know who else is brash? Johnny Manzel was brash.


You know, now all of a sudden there's a problem with having confidence in yourself. It's not brash. It's about having confidence. It's believing in yourself. It believing in the work that you've already put in the resume speaks for itself. Turn on the film. There's a reason he's talking. The way he's talking. I believe I can come in and change the franchise. How is that brassford feeling that way? If you're not serious about changing your franchise or having a franchise change your quarterback, I'm not the one for you. What's wrong with saying that when, that's exactly what the teams are looking for. Someone with that type of confidence. Not soft-spoken. You are a leader of men coming in as a rookie to change the franchise.


You gotta be confident You have to be. What are we, what are we talking about? Can lemme ask you? Okay, let's just say for the sake of argument, Ocho, everything that he said, everything that this coach said, that he's brash and he's arrogant. Can he play? Yeah. Turn the film off On That's, can he play football? That's all that matters. He's a football player. Yeah. He's not into politics because in politics you need to be likable. Yes. That's why people will vote for you in this situation. Can he play football? That's all that matters. Okay. What aren't, does he have any issues off the field?


Do you worry about having to have your phone on ring the entire night? Are you worried about a, if you see my player here, give me a call. Watch out for him. Is there any such thing that you need to worry about? His dad would brash. I'm, I'm confused. At the end of the day, can the guy play football? Yeah. Yeah. Can the guy, if you want a politician, if you want a a, a, a, a, a elite, a a cub scout, someone that's gonna be in the church, okay, fine. I get that.


I want a football player. I want him to have good character. Yes. I don't care about the brashness. I don't care about all that stuff. I don't want him to get in trouble off the field. Although I understand that young kids will make mistakes. 'cause I was young, So I'm not here to condemn for a first time mistake. I just don't wanna see a repeat offender. That's what gets, that's what, that's what I get upset about. Repeat offenders. Right. But I don't have no problem with Sha door. I don't have no problem with any guy. If that's what, if that's what we're talking about, that's what we're about here. Now you have to understand a lot of times, Ocho you like we Bragg because we had to a, we, a lot of times we were playing against people that were bigger than us, older than us.


And we did something good. We had to let 'em know Every Time. That's how co that's how we grew up. Every time. Every time. But, but, but listen. Hey, it's, listen. I understand obviously, especially at the quarterback position, they want you to be okay and conduct yourself a certain way. They want you to be Tom Brady's. Yeah. The Peyton Mans, the Drew Breezes. They wanna lump everybody in the same category. You have to be a robot. Yeah. You have to be politically correct. You have to know how to talk and you have to know, You know how to answer questions. You have to know how to keep things in house. You have to know how to fall on the sword when things don't go well. You put the blame.


You, you put the blame on yourself. You got it. No, it's me. It all starts with me offensively. I have to play better. You know, when you win, you give Gary credit. Everybody, When you lose, you take the blame. That's the, that's the part about being the quarterback. That's the ownership. That's the ownership That one has to have. Ocho this is what Justina Anderson, second paragraph. According to league sources said, quarterback coach seems to have an issue with the culture of athletes who have broad Fame and financial success before entering the NFL. And their opinions appears to have to have them a problem with certain athletes. I'll leave it at that. This is how the pre-draft evaluations can get jacked because of evaluators don't seemingly possess the discernment to detect intangible traits that are connected to the will and drive to win without being a stat or delineate it delineated in a analytic report.


I don't, I mean, if you're not, if you're not familiar with said culture. Right. See somebody from a different culture. If somebody from the Asian culture or the Jewish culture, I couldn't. But I know, I know my culture. I know how we talk. Yeah. That man. The think about it. And I've always said that. You heard me say discipline numerous times. Chad, what I respect so much about guys that parents that had money, his dad is time. He said, no, I want your money. I wanna do it myself. Yeah. Peyton Manning parents have money. He said, nah, I wanna do this myself. Brody James dad is LeBron James.


He said, nah, dad, let me put the time in. I got it. That says something. Because a lot of times we see people, kids of famous or well to do, they don't have that kind of drive. It takes a special type of person to go up living in the ivory tower. Yeah. Had it with big slippers and silk pajamas. Yes. And say, Hey, I wanna get it out the mud. Like my dad had. Like my mom did. I Got to, I got Everybody Ain't wired like that. Yeah. Push your door. And his dad did everything. He put him in the right situation. Had great coaches, had a co cultivate a relationship with with Tom.


Tom would talk to Shado, probably checked him out on film. Probably work with him. What's Wrong with that? Wouldn't we? If every parent could be in a position to make sure their kid got the best, the best teachers, the best coaches, the best physios. Would we, or would he or she not do that for their child? Absolutely. That's the whole point. That's the whole point in being a parent, being a father, being a mother. That's what you, that's what you wanna do. I'm confused. Oh, it goes without saying. But just for the sake of an argument. We have the other side that creates stuff like this that don't care.


Oh. He's not conducting himself the way that, the way we feel he should. Well, that's your kid. You didn't raise it. Love Kenny play. I love it. I love it. That's all that matters. I don't think, I don't think there'll be a situation that he's gonna get in trouble or he's, he seem very levelheaded to me. Yeah. I know he gonna be levelheaded. 'cause I know his dad. I know his dad extremely well. And his dad jokes around. But they know, he know nonsense. They know, he know nonsense. Especially When it's time for business. When it's time for business and perfecting your craft and getting better at your craft. Putting in the work, the homework, the studying, the, the training.


Man, come on man. How many times have you heard time say, I'm two things. I'm coaching dad, but I'm dead first. Make no mistake about that. Right. His kids are very, very of the, of the utmost importance to him. Yes, sir. He's always been this way. Y'all think he's this is time. This is who he is. Like he behaves a little different when he on the phone with me. But he, I I don't get it. But You know what? Don't your, Hey, I guess I ain't, I ain't, I I I ain't Bucky Brooks responded.


Thanks for sharing Rashina. Every year we watch high profile quarterbacks deal with the nonsense. No one expects Sha Door Sanders to be perfect fit for every coach in organization. But the unnecessary character attacks by NFL personnel and some media members with NFL backgrounds is garbage. These unflattering and unfounded remarks, remarks haunt prospects beyond the pre-draft process, including ting the fan base opinion before the players takes the feel for a squad. It's stupid. It does. Right, right. Perception is a person's reality. Wait, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You ain't finna get, you ain't Finn to get away with that one.


Hold on now. Alright. Somebody stole up now You know, I I travel with that man. You travel with that. I got all your stuff in here. Perception is a person's reality, but perception is not always the truth. Oh, are you in your bag? Wait a minute. Perception is not always the truth. I look, he's been dealing with this his whole life.


'cause guess what, he's been Deion Sander son. He's been dealing with this his whole life. Yeah. He's gonna deal with it for the rest of his life no matter what occupation that precedes him. Right. For the longest time. And I still get it, I'm Sterling Sharp's little brother. Yeah, it was. They be in their part. Hey Sterling. I said, bro, you loud and wrong, but you close You with that boy now. Yeah. I I just, Hey, when they called me Sterling, I Yeah. Yeah. You played for Green Bay? No, I played for Denver. Oh yeah, that's right. You the one that played with Fab? No, I played with Elway, but Okay.


But go ahead. Keep it going. Hey, they ate it. They used, they used the mistake. You for Sterling. They still do what you been used to. They still do. I like, bro, You know, You know what's funny, Ocho and guess what they tell me, man? Y'all don't look nothing alike. I say he my brother not my dad. Hey, what the hell? You know, You know people, people today steal and most of the time it's women. Most of the time it's women. It's very funny. Obviously they're fans of fans of me and they confuse me and Teo all the time. Yeah. And I, I I sometimes they miss, I'm not sure how you mistake me for Teo, Teo is about two inches taller and about he got about 40, 40 pounds on me. You know? Yeah. He's six three, about two 30.


Like I be, I I'm confused now. You know, I'm, I'm, I'm one good looking brother. I'm one good looking brother. Now I am not saying my, my brother from another mother is, is is ugly or nothing. But he don't look like this. So I'm not sure how you choose the two. Now, my sister and I, we look alike. You look at my sister and you tell, okay. They brother and sister. My bro, my brother looks just like my mom. Me and my sister look like my dad. Yeah. But it's okay. But I understood that growing up. Oh, imagine I got a brother that's three years older. So he's a, I'm a freshman. He's a senior. He's good at everything. Yes. Naturally, bro. You ain't gonna be like your brother.


You can't ride, run your brother. I'm like that. Okay. That, that ain't never motivation though. You know, he ain't never motivation. Oh, I know that. Lemme tell you something. What you nigga your had to deal with being at Jackson State, You ain't gonna be that. Well, Can't do that. You can't do that. Well, maybe you can do that at the, at the, at the HBCU level. But you can't do it at pwi. So he goes to Colorado, You know. Yeah. He gets done there. What do you say? You still hearing all the troops and the terms and the, and and all the negativity. Now draft process. You are showing your confidence based on the work that you've been putting in for who knows how long. Now they tell you the change because they don't like the way you conduct yourself because you believe in yourself.


Yes. You have confidence. We talked about Travis Hunter and his comparison. The plan both ways in NFL comparing it to sha sha o Sh What are we talking about? What are we talking about? It's okay. That's the confidence. That's what you need to be great at. Whatever it is you do. You don't even have to be sports. It doesn't have to be football. But the kind of confidence that sha sure has, the kind of confidence that Travis Hunter has. It's okay to be like that because that type of confidence is what hadn't driven them to the point in where they are in life. Man. Come because guess what? So he went to HBCU, he lit it up. Oh, he should. He had an HBCU.


He go to Colorado. He lights it up. Oh, we conference. You see, I can't win. I can't win. How does he win? How does he win on Joe? Yeah. He goes to an HBCU does what he does. You say the level of competition. Now he goes to a D one and now you say, well, the conference, who's weak Now when he gets to the NFL, I wonder what's gonna be the excuse then when he comes in and actually changes the franchise around. Same thing with Cam war. Cam war is a little different Cam War's approach to the game. And, and the way he conduct conducts himself is a little different. Everybody's personality is different. Yes. Personality is different. They, they, they're not, they're not all gonna be the same.


No. Some, some are. No, I wasn't quiet, So, but who you telling? So don't expect me to be td. Listen, I wasn't No, I wasn't quiet either. I'm joking. I'm, I'm a talk and walking. Yep. I'm a talk and walking. Yes. Quinn Ewers says he is the best quarterback in the draft over Camie Shado. I, I think I'm the best in the class and the most ready for an NFL and most ready for the NFL because of what I've been through. I think I'm the most ready for the, for the situations that occur in the NFL injuries. Playing through tough injuries, having a big name behind you.


Continue to play through that amount of pressure. Continue to be confident after being bitched is hard to do. I matured a lot and then all the injuries I had to deal with and come back from, I wouldn't trade it. It's the reality of the position stuff gonna go wrong. And I have a plan of attack for pretty much any situation that can arise. I like it. You gotta be, see, there we go. Yeah. This again, he's spewing it in a different light. He's spewing the same type of confidence and brashness that they're talking about that Sha did, but in a different way. He just spinning in a different way. Yep. Losing his history, his past experience on telling you why he's available as the best player ahead of the tool that might be in front of him.


You know, that's very brash. Why are you telling us that? Same thing, the delivery is just different. Every player, every player in the draft believe they're the best player in the draft. He did go through a lot. He went to Ohio State. Yes. Couldn't get on the field. He leaves and go to Texas. He came with much fanfare. Got booed and wanted arch. Yeah. He had to play through injuries. Yeah. He's gone through a lot. Now you have to. I mean, you have to be resilient. You have to be able to compartmentalize. They're gonna love you one week, hate you the next. But you have to be, have a strong belief in yourself. Ocho that's the Number one thing.


Never let 'em take your confidence. Even all the bulls, even if you get benched, you made it this far. You made it this far to give up to quit because now you have a little bit more adversity than you've ever gone through. Nah. Listen, it, it take a toll on your mental too. You know, you have to take a toll in mental when you get benched especially. Oh yeah, for sure. At, at the quarterback position. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness.


During tax season, your sensitive info does a lot of traveling to places you can't control stopping off at payroll. Your accountant or tax preparer and countless other data centers on its way to the IRS. Any of them can expose you to identity theft because they all have the info on your W2. Just the ticket for criminals to steal your identity. No wonder the IRS reported tax fraud due to identity theft when up 20% last year. You need LifeLock. They monitor millions of data points per second and alert you to threats you could miss. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based Restoration Specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package and restoration is guaranteed. Or your money back. Don't let Identity Thieves take you for a ride. Get LifeLock protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.


Hi, this is giovannia blinds.com design consultant. Oh wow. A real person. Yep. I'm here to help with everything from selecting the perfect window treatments to Wow. I've got a complicated project. No problem. We make the complex simple. I can even help schedule a professional measurement install. I didn't realize you did that. We can also send you samples fast and free. Wow. I mean, I always thought I needed a designer to come to my home, but scheduling's always a nightmare. Not with blinds.com. We're on your schedule and there's no haggling pressure or hidden fees either. Hmm. I just might have to do more. Whatever you need. How about you tell me what you had in mind. Okay then. So the first room we're looking at is for guests coming over and I'm thinking of something. Blinds.com is covered over 25 million windows all backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blinds.com now and save up to 45% on select styles, rules and restrictions may apply.


Ready to prioritize yourself in the new year? Your skin is a great place to start. Dime Beauty, founded by a master aesthetician is more than just a skincare company with four skin conscious categories. Skincare, beauty, body care and fragrance Dime offers simple spa worthy products that will help you enter 2025 with confidence. Whether you're revitalizing your regimen with nourishing products or building one from scratch, dime makes it easy. The work system our all-in-one bestselling routine includes a cleanser of your choice, toner, serums, and moisturizers. Taking the guesswork outta skincare for your healthiest, happiest skin. Yet dime's commitment to clean ingredients and sustainable packaging ensures every product is as gentle on your skin as it is on the planet. With thousands of glowing five star reviews in a loyal community, the results speak for themselves. Revive your skin and give yourself the routine refresh you deserve by visiting dime beauty co.com. That's dime beauty co.com. Your best skin awaits.


This is Ashley Kennet from the Ben and Ashley I almost same as podcast. It feels like everyone is talking about GLP ones These days. Those are Ozempic and Semaglutide. And with Future Health, you can find out if they're right for you too. Maybe you feel like you've been struggling with your weight for years. And no matter how much you diet and exercise, you just don't feel healthy. Just gonna try fh.com to find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try Fh. Future Health is not your healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may very sponsored by Future Health.


Well, I wish Mr. Ewers the best of luck. Jimmy Johnson retires from NFL coverage after 31 years. Jimmy said The most fun I've ever had in my career that's counting Super Bowls and National Championships was at Fox Sports. But I've made an extremely difficult decision and I've been thinking about it for the last four or five years and I've decided to retire from Fox. I'm going to miss it. I'm going to miss all the guys. I'm going, I'll see them occasionally. It's been a great run. Starting 31 years ago. Who do you see replacing Jimmy on Fox NFL coverage? Probably Gru the probably where they had Gronk sitting up there. I just ran. Man, you you want that job? Nah, I, I wanna do as, I'm wanna do as many things as possible.


I, I'm not sure if I could do it too. Be be in two places. I one can imagine first take inside NFL Fox Nightcap. Huh? I do. Probably. You have to understand normally networks like that, they're not gonna let you cross do it. Okay. Don't worry about it. Nevermind. Don't worry about it. I'm gonna stay, I'm gonna stay on the side 'cause I enjoy, lemme tell you what, lemme tell you something. I enjoy. I have no problem flying to New York every Sunday night, You know, joining you and Stephen a on Mondays and Tuesdays. Now the, the more comfortable I get in that setting, which, which I, I felt okay today. A little shaky.


I my mind. I could be honest with you 'cause we family. I could talk to you like that. It's new for me. It's not inside the NL There was a certain level of comfort I had there. It's different ball. It's, it a totally different ball ballgame. So I got in rhythm, You know, as we got towards the, the middle and the back end of the show. But I need to hit the ground running like, like you and him. Yeah. I need, I need before y'all, y'all two better soon as we out the gate, y'all hit the ground running. I said goddamn, now I gotta catch up. I got catch up now. I'm, I'm gonna get better as as time goes on. But man, listen, I I, I enjoyed that. I en I enjoyed that a lot. I enjoyed it a lot. And I I thank you again. Huh? You hear me? I, I I I've been begging for a long time. I, I thank you.


I'm like little brother. Hey, you ain't gonna be, you ain't, you ain't gonna be able to get rid of me, bro. We'll be ready. I'ma take me about eight weeks off. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Eight Weeks. So is it gonna be Nightcap just me by myself? No, it's gonna be first take you by yourself. Oh, That. Oh, that's fine. That's fine. That's fine. Gimme give me, gimme a little time. No, I ain't gonna take, I ain't gonna take that kind of time off consecutive. Right. With, with Nightcap. But You know, maybe a week have a guest. You want a guest then when you take off? I have a guest up like that. No, I'm not taking off eight straight weeks.


I like that. Right. Okay. Yo, a fan posted a picture of Seth with, with Sammy. So this weekend and it's gone viral, but then it go viral. Sammy? Yeah. Oh, you're trying to say which one Sammy? No, wait. Sammy got on Cubs outfit. Cubs Here. Oh. Oh yeah. No, they say, they say Sammy, he he black again. Yeah. I I I saw, I saw that earlier. I thought somebody played around and Photoshop the picture because how, how do you go from bleaching your skin to being black again? Yeah. Man, Sammy look like them look like the Williams brother, the white chick.


Oh, Beat up. Yeah. Sammy darker. What Happened? I think you listen, once you stop bleaching yourself, doesn't, your, doesn't your normal pigmentation come back on its own? Not if you bleach you too much. Oh. He was Probably the ambi, the ultra that esoterica you don, you don't remember them bleaching cream? They used to be bleaching cream. Hey, anybody, anybody my age or older? Nobody. Them bleaching creams. There was ultra, there was Abi, there was Noxzema and there was esoterica. Anybody know about them? You know, all that stuff. You know, You know.


Oh, say what? Bleach. Huh? Huh? Used bleach. I mean, I was light skinned once upon a time, don't you? Okay, okay, okay, okay. Nah, I've been black my whole life. Even when it wasn't popular. This is me back in the eighties. Yeah, because You know, back then it wasn't popular at all. No, Joe. It wasn't popular till like the nineties when Michael Jordan hit Wesley Snipes hit Oh, eighties. Yeah. 'cause You know you had, you had the DeBarge brothers, you had l and Chico de Barge, you had Al Bishore, you had all them, all them brothers with the, the good hair and, and the ski. Yeah. So, nah, I I've been black by popular man since 68.


Same, same, same. Since 72. Oh. Glad to have your back. Sammy and Ohio School basketball players pulled a Draymond watch the video ocho. Oh, Oh. Oh, come on. That, that wasn't no accident. No Hell no. That, that, that wasn't no accident. Now what was the point of doing that? Hey buddy, buddy who? I didn't bringing the ball up. Must have been giving him that work. Huh? He did it in the playoffs. He Oh boy. Must have been cooking him. That's what I just said. That's the only time, that's the only time they tried to slug you down or do something.


They do something egregious that had nothing to do with the game. It had nothing to do with playing defense. You know, I'm just, I wonder if they threw Buddy out after that or you or you just get a, get a flavoring. Nah, hell, they probably threw him outta the game. What do we know what happened? You know they ain't got no instant replay. I mean, he folded up like a lawn chair Quick and he listen, anytime you get any, anytime you hit Oh you get, hey it don't take much. He going down every time. Intentional file, technical, no object. They call it intentional foul. He wasn't ejected or flagrant. Oh man, they doing too much.


We'd have to ojo, we'd have to get him back. But it's hard to do that in the game of basketball. The ain't football it, the only thing you can do is set a screen Real. You go Rick that that's it. And I'm talking about who? No, you set a screen for him and then it run into that elbow. Can't put your elbow up on the screen. Huh? You got down by your side? No, no, no. Until I get it back. See, I just got it back. Okay. I see what you mean. I see what you mean. I I got, I ain't say it was gonna be a legal screen. Run mask. Run mask. See right there. Ugh. I think knife is sharp Too. And hit him right there on the side of the, on, on the side of the head.


We ain't looking to open Him up like a right Melon. Oh Joe, New York Sport Athletic Commission is ruined the tank versus Roach kneel down. The drug decision could be overturned. The New York State Athletic Commission is reviewing the matter involving Saturday's match between Lamont Roach and Javonte Davis during the round in question, following the commission's request for a replay video, there was a technical issue preventing the commission from receiving it within the allotted time for the review. Right. Would you be okay if they overturned the decision?


No, I wouldn't. It's a draw. It came out a draw. Regardless to how we feel about the fight. The outcome is outcome. You Would be okay if they overturned it? No, it wouldn't be. No, I wouldn't be Don't don't don't, don't no overturn anything. Don't, don't Overturn it. Anything. No. No. So you would be, you would be against it if they were to overturn it? Yeah, I, I would be. 'cause I, I want, I want, I want, I wanna see the rematch. I wanna see the rematch. I wanted to stay at Draw despite it, despite them where it should been a knockdown with the knee Now, I think if they got it right the first time, if they got it right the first time, I think Lamont Roach wins on the scorecard because they ruled that as a knockdown. But since they didn't, I don't want you going back and reversing the decision after the draw has already been made.


Right. Let's set everything up for the rematch. I'm good. I like that. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. That was a good, Hey, that was a good fight, man. That was, that was a good fight, man. Lord had mercy. Ocho Granny says don't come back over unless you bring him back her containers. My grandma said don't bother coming over if you don't bring back her containers. Oh. Granny's don't play by that Tupperware. Now you talking about Tupperware? Yeah. Somebody took my Tupperware. Just wanna take they time and just Oh, oh, they didn't bring your Tupperware back? They did after a couple of months. Oh. But hey listen my grandma, Well You know I got it. Yeah, I know you got it.


But I want it. What am gonna put my food in my hands. So you gonna store my food like this and put my hands in the freezer? Huh? My grandma ain't play by her Tupperware boy. And she gotta use the take her lunch too to work. Man. And please Man, we just put, we ain't have no Tupperware like that. Man. We put aluminum fall on top of everything. You, we ain't have no lids. Hey, y'all had all, maybe y'all did. We ain't have no lids in the seventies and eighties. Food just be all out. Or you put aluminum fo over the top of it. Yeah, I bet. I bet. I bet you have.


I bet you didn't. You didn't keep your grease in the, in in the coffee. In the coffee bean. The coffee can. Yeah. That max What? Put it on right on the right on the stove On. Now we done, we done lived the same life. Come on now. Yeah, man, on, on. Hey I, I don't, like I said, I ain't know nothing. I ain't know nothing about no Tupperware. We ain't have no Tupperware. Right. I mean we had, You know, our drinking glass was an old great jar with a great jelly jar. Manna jar. You hot water and scrap and scrape the thing off the side of it. You ain't buy no drinking glasses. Same. Same. Yeah. I remember those days At all. Like I said, I don't, I ain't know nothing about this until I got to, until I was in the NFL.


I ain't know nothing about no Tupperware. I heard people mention it, but we didn't have that. Like I said, my grandma put aluminum for aid. Cover that dish boy aluminum for cover it up. Hey, I'm just thinking about breakfast man. Back in them days. I don't know if You know about Quake Oats? Yeah. S yeah, listen, I remember my granddaddy man. Either I asked for two things for breakfast. I either quake oats, oatmeal or cream of wheat. I don't know if you remember Cream of wheat and he would use the evaporated milk and they come in the white can. Yeah, I know about, yeah. Oh Man, I didn't know you weren't supposed to drink that milk. I didn't know you weren't supposed to drink it. I didn't know that. You supposed it, it blends you make d you make cakes and stuff with that.


I didn't know you weren't supposed to drink it, but I one, me and my brother to wonder like, man, why we, every time we drink this milk, I stomach be tore up. It's too damn thick. I don't know what it, I don't know what was in there. I dunno. That's all we had. Hey, we get some, get some water. Yeah. And that can milk. Hey boy, drink some of that can Okay, Put a little water in there. Yeah. Hey now, and it had to be, the milk had to be really spoiled. I mean it almost had to be collaborative. You know, a collaborative like is coagulated. If it was like that, we wouldn't drink it. But hey, if it's just a little spell, oh, you gotta go into Syria. You gotta go on up in here.


Hey, my grandma like you be okay boy. Yeah, Thank you. But yeah, my grandma wouldn't. Hey, you gonna be toing a dish out there with aluminum fall over. You wasn't getting no Tupperware, so, so you were good. Aren't your nice time for our final segment of the evening? It is time for Q and thanks. Grabbing on time. Marlene five, jb, JB dig guard Luca in the finals. But the Mavs put their worst defender on him. Luca, on the other end of the court. That's not giving the best player on their own.


Your own team, jt. All the way. Okay, Bring that to me one more time. She said JB did guard Luca in the finals, but the Mavs put their worst defender on him. Luca, on the other end of the court. That's not giving the best player on your own team, jt. All the way. He said, yes, JB guarded Luca, but Luca in turn guarded. Jb So JB had a weaker defender guarding him. Okay. I like that. Well, well I like that.


Now that just, that's just one series now. Well, it's just one series. Now we talk about the complete series. JB looked like that guy, not just that one scenario she's talking about. Yeah. Yeah. JB Yeah, Looked like that. The entirety of that playoff series in general in its totality. Isaiah Lancaster. What's good GaN Ocho two question. What's the greatest Super Bowl run in league history and what are your top five cities with the best food? I mean, I ain't, I ain't the best Super Bowl run.


Wow. I mean, you gotta take somebody with a wild card. I mean, they've been pretty good with, I mean we with a wild card team. Somebody went nine and eight, I can't remember what year it was. Somebody went nine and eight. They were a wild card and won a Super Bowl. Maybe Eli and them, I think Eli and them was about to been nine, nine and nine and seven Bucks package. Wild card Giant. Yeah. And the Bronco, the nineties And the 1980 graders. Yeah. That's tough.


I'm gonna say I'm biased. I'm saying ours because we beat the defending champs on at the end of our Super Bowl run. Right. We were 12 and four. So we beat a 13 and three team. What were the steel Oh, oh the Steelers. I think the Steelers was 12 and three was four, 12 and four too. But they won, You know what I'm saying? Ocho, they won the division, so Right. Obviously they got home. Home Field Advantage. Yeah. Yeah. Best, what are your top five cities with the best food? Ocho? I'm not a foodie like that, so I don't really go out, Eat. I Got you. Okay. What you got New Orleans first.


Okay, but nobody say, we can argue Chicago, Miami because it is a melting pot. It's a melting pot of every culture and every ethnicity. They have restaurants there in their own communities. LA you can get a little bit of everything in LA and five the round things out. Ah, I said Chicago, I said New Orleans, You don't like New York? I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go in New York. Okay. I'm, I'm gonna go in New York.


New York has some really, really, really good gyms. You would have to really know and understand the city and know, know where to go. Especially if you a if you are a local, ain't nowhere to hit all the spots. But, but those, those, those five places, especially New Orleans. We talking about food. Yeah. Ain't seen like that. Man. Gimme Memphis. I'll take, I'm gonna take Memphis, Houston, New York, Chicago, I'll give you New Orleans. I don't really care. I don't, I ain't in the shell, I ain't in the shellfish like that. And they put a lot of crab and stuff in it and all that. But I, I can see a lot of people say New Orleans, but I'm gonna go, Kevin, your up.


I'll bet you the cabs go further in the playoff than the Laker. Whoever wins. Get the 5,200 from Mojo. Wanna go out on a limb, Kev, Every time I think you forgot about that. 5,200. Somebody in the chat bring it up. Car. They know you owe Pook. Yeah. I, I not I owe, but listen, long as long as I, long as I owe you, You know what you talk about, you saving, right? So I'm saving, I'm helping you save. No, I'm gonna say that money for you, My money drawing interest in your pocket. I listen, whatever the interest is, you let me know and I'm gonna give it to you. No, gimme my money and let me draw interest on it. That's, that's what I need. Dude said Ocho had a smile on his face.


Seeing you had a smile on my face. Seeing you on first take. Congrats. How do you think Ocho did the fir his did today on First take? He did. Well, he was there for the entire show. So that, that lets You know, he wasn't just there for football segments. He stayed through the entirety of the show. Matter of fact, my my, my weakest part of my game, especially when it comes to conversing and talking sports, basketball, basketball. Look, I'm trying to get to the point like you and Steven a can get. Boy, listen, y'all get to go on and get to talking and, and and diving deep. And, and I'm like, man, what the heck. What? But when I can do, when I can do that, because listen, I can, I can verse in soccer, I can converse in football, I can talk baseball, I can talk hockey.


But if I can get to the point where I can talk ba ba basketball the way you can, the way Steven, you gotta watch it Or Perk or George Ano or or Tim Legger. Man, listen. But y'all ain't gonna be able to pull me off tv man. Man, Dr. Frank a Bellamy OCHO pulled up at first take looking like he was about to debate sports. Signed a max contract and close on a mortgage all before lunch. Happy to see y'all together on First Take. Thanks Doc. Appreciate the support Doc. I, I, I clean up. Well now, You know, I'm, I'm a rep, a representation of Nightcap, so I gotta be haw. You, you you cleaned up now I got, I gotta, I gotta be haw Sir.


Sir Kate said what's up guys? Two questions. Ocho, how can the Bengals this off season change up the slow starts so they can get back into the title picture? And who should my Panthers look for the draft to help Bryce Young and the team a wide receiver, our offensive lineman? Go ahead, Ocho. What, what do you think the Bingos can do? I mean, listen out the gate. Just be a little bit more aggressive out the gate. Be aggressive. So everything in the kitchen sing at whoever it is we planned. There's no reason we should have lost that game to New England. There's no disrespect to no, no disrespect to the Patriots. I think they what maybe won what? Four games All season long, something like that.


Yeah. You know, there's no reason why we should come out the gate slow. And not only did we do it last year, we did the year before that and the year before that, You know, even the year when we had the Super Bowl run, we, we lost the first two, You know, of the season. Yeah. We gotta to find a way to start fast. We're not playing behind the eight ball. Having to rely on team to lose on the back half of the season. Yes. Hope so and so lose. 'cause they give us a chance to squeeze in no, take care of your business early in the season because You know, on the back end you have to worry about nobody else. Yeah. Everything is in your control. I Like control of my own destiny. Yes. Yes sir.


Ready to prioritize yourself in the new year. Your skin is a great place to start. Dime Beauty, founded by a master esthetician is more than just a skincare company with four skin conscious categories. Skincare, beauty, body care, and fragrance. Dime offers simple spa worthy products that will help you enter 2025 with confidence. Whether you're revitalizing your regimen with nourishing products or building one from scratch, dime makes it easy. The work system, our all-in-one bestselling routine, includes a cleanser of your choice, toner, serums, and moisturizers, taking the guesswork outta skincare for your healthiest, happiest skin. Yet dime's commitment to clean ingredients in sustainable packaging ensures every product is as gentle on your skin as it is on the planet. With thousands of glowing five star reviews in a loyal community, the results speak for themselves, revive your skin and give yourself the routine refresh you deserve by visiting dime beauty co.com. That's dime beauty co.com. Your best skin awaits.


This is Ashley ett from the Ben and Ashley I almost same as podcast. It feels like everyone is talking about GLP ones These days. Those are Ozempic and Semaglutide. And with Future Health, you can find out if they're right for you too. Maybe you feel like you've been struggling with your weight for years. And no matter how much you diet and exercise, you just don't feel healthy. Just go to try fh.com to find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Future Health is not your healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may very sponsored by Future Health.


Are you still Quoting 30 year old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card Based on the February 2024 Nielsen Report.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for storewide deals and earn four times a points. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible snacks from Doritos, Cheez-Its and Pringles or Sweet Treats from Haagen-Dazs, kinder Bueno, and Reese's plus many more. Then clip the offer in our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards. To save even more restrictions, apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Kim Norwood Jr. Said, oh, my question is, will you or OCHO be a guest star on a sitcom like neighborhood or Papa's House? Yeah, I like it. I like it. Listen, You know, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm a regular on sitcoms, You know, making guest appearances for those that don't know it in the chat, You know, I was on a game, I, but I was on a game. I did Shark, NDU, yeah's, the, it's, it's another, it's three more shows I did, man, I can't remember. But it's something about, hey, when you do TV like that, you, there's a saying that's called Hurry up and wait KY be there all day. You do? Yeah. You be there all day. That's, that's the only thing I, It's, you don't have to tell me anything.


I know you being on commercial shoots you for 30 seconds. You out there 12 hours. Yeah. Yeah. JW Akron was about disturbing ever flex on you for snitching on him? No, because guess what I would tell again. I mean, snitching is not a onetime thing for me. I was good. I did it for a number of years and I ain't even have to go in witness protection. I'm walking around there in broad daylight. Do what I tell again, I'll do it. What?


Hey, why you laughing? They already know. Hey Tan said great job, Nightcap. Oh. How did you handle leaving CB s Sports and ocho? How did you handle going from the Patriots facing adversity and a new system? Look, I appreciated the opportunity that CBS gave me. Sean McMannus and Tony Bati. Sean just retired from CBS after 25 years. Tony Bati, he's runs the Big 10 now. He was my first boss. I went in, sat down and talked to him, had a great call with him, had a great talk with him.


They basically offered me the job on the spot. To this day, every time I see Tony Petitti nothing but love, he ended up leaving, going to the MLB network. And so Sean was there. Look, they wanted to go. Tony Gonzalez was a fresh face, he was a bigger name and they wanted to move me in a different direction. I appreciate the opportunity they gave me for 10 years, years, although I knew I had a lot more knowledge than just football knowledge. I needed something to like what they was doing on first tape, but they had all the slots. So I had to do my own thing for two years. And when Skip left, I went on, I filled in for Steven a for a week, filled in and the rest is, as they say, history.


I don't begrudge leaving any place because you gave me an opportunity. I got 10 years out of that 10 years. It kept me close to the game of football. It allowed me to talk about the game of football. I met one of my best friends, Fred Sha Mezo camera three. You heard me talk about him the other day. Look, I got along with everybody, Tony, everybody. Greg was great to me. Boom, pk, pat Kerwin, we got along great. Coach Cower Danny. It was just time to move on and I don't begrudge it. I love that. I love my time at see. Oh, jb I still stay in touch with some of the guys.


Me and JB mainly me and jb, me and Freddy. We, we talk occasionally. Not like we used to, but nah, it was, it was a great opportunity and you learned. But Yo man, After a while you get mad at every time. You know it's time for you to move on. Right. Keep your head high. I leave the same way. I came in there, I came in there as a prideful. I came in there with my head high with dignity. I'm gonna go out the same way. Had got seven years, seven years at Fox. Appreciate the opportunity, man. The friends, look, it was different because when you go somewhere every day, Ocho like I did at Fox, You know, the wardrobe, autumn and Tracy, you get to know them on a first name basis.


You see them all the time. And when you, with Bread and Jumpsuit and all those guys and the stage manager with Johnny and Karen and oh man, it was great wardrobe. They asking me, You know, what do I, what do I need, man, I wouldn't trade, I wouldn't trade those experiences for anything because it helped me get better at what I do currently. Nightcap Club Shehe going on first. Going on first Take, it's different. It's not as debate, it is not as much one-on-one as that. That I was used to it first undisputed. But man, all those experiences helped me to get right here.


How was your experience at the Patriots? I mean, it, it was, it was awesome. It was awesome. The transition, obviously coming from Cincinnati, seeing the way one organization is run and going to New Wing and understanding what the Patriot Way was and being able to see and not have a, a great understanding, okay, this is the way they run things. You know, it's very, very militant, very militant style. Never been part, never been part of the Navy Seals or the Marines. But if I had to take a guess on what it's like being there, it was something like being part of the Patriots. Every structure, everybody's very disciplined. Everybody's expendable. Key word. Everybody's expendable except 12, Except, And everybody is held accountable as well.


Everybody's on the same, same playing field. No special treatment for nobody. Right? Obviously I, I got there a little late. I wish I would've been there a little earlier so I get a better grasp of the offense. A lot of people say, well, you didn't know the players don't listen from team to team. Nothing changes from a offensive perspective outside of the verbiage and the way the players are called. That's all not nothing different. So it, it, it's, so what, what what you do want and what, which I was hoping I could do was pick it up fast enough where I could play fast without thinking. Right. They, even those you saw in Cincinnati. So you, you can't get that with so many other weapons around me. Right. And me trying to catch up to everybody else in the offense where, okay, we gotta go, we gotta go.


And that, and then that's what happened in that one year. It was, it was, it was a great fit for me as a dom, a a predominantly outside receiver, that offense really didn't suit me well. Even though Tom Brady is my quarterback for the simple fact that my last name is Alt. No, he like to throw inside the numbers. That's why you see Edelman Amandola, you see Wels Walker. Those were the guys that kinda led gro into tight ends Always. And that's one of the few offenses in the NFL, where the, where the, the offense is run from the inside out, which is completely different from any other team. Most teams, obviously, You know, your first reads or your outside guys, and you work your way in when it comes to New England. Inside, inside Out.


Edelman welcome. You had Gronk, you had Aaron Hernandez. Boom, you got the Ola. Oh yeah, yeah. M Do you remember you had Troy Brown? Oh, yes, yes. So the offense has always been like that. Listen, but I, I enjoyed my time there. I enjoyed my time there. I loved it. Despite me not being a part of it from a productive standpoint, I still enjoyed it. I, I, I really did. I really did. Big boy toys. Chad is, lo is a, Chad is a low key genius. I think we need to start listening to him more. I need, I need, I need better context on that, on why he thinks I'm a genius. You know, I Don't, I wanna know, I want, I want to know why he thinks that I don't need no context.


Yeah. I, yeah, I appreciate that. I appreciate that. Go ahead and tell why you think I'm a genius. Yeah. Kevin Brooks said, coach Prime said, don't allow my confidence to off, to offend your insecurities. Also, the twins, Ryan and Riley are now hitting Homers in softball. Ryan qualified to compete at the Texas high school state power lifting meet. I supposed to know this, Kevin Brooks. Nah, I don't know if I, Kev, I supposed to know you, bro. Well, I know, I know. You're not caring what they do, baby.


Tell them boys say I said congratulations. You know, You know it, won't you? No, I do not though. Oh, No. Yeah, I do not. Well, well, I'm thinking if they're hitting Homer than softball. They're, they're girls. They're women. The twins. Yeah. That's what I'm thinking. Yeah. Hey, I got a question. Huh? Okay. Can you that, can you say that, that quote you just said from Prime, that you just read off, He said, oh, don't allow my confidence to offend your insecurities. When people always say he's so humble, or you need to be humbled.


That quote fits very well with that. Yes. That quote fits very well with that. 'cause you're telling me, you, you want me to be humble. You want me to dim, dim my light, stop being who I am so you can Shine. So why do you want me to dim my life? Why do you want me to be humble? Does it, does, does it offend you? Does it make you uncomfortable? Right. Come on, man. When you, you get that a lot Ocho I that I'm like, huh? You get that a you get that a lot, Ocho because a lot of times they look at people. Look at people that have money. Man, I wouldn't have bought that. I don't know why. Know why he bought that. Right? So if he doesn't buy it, does that make you feel better about yourself because you couldn't buy it?


Because see, that's what you run into OCHO right now. Would I buy it? But I'm not gonna say, if that's your money, somebody works hard for the money. Who am I to tell what they should or shouldn't do? Right. There are a lot Ocho coming from where we came from. Look at the stuff. I never thought I would spend 20,000, 30,000, 50,000, a hundred thousand dollars for a watch. What? Or a hundred thousand, 200,000 for a car. It's easy to say when you don't have it, what you wouldn't do Well, but when you have it, I, I I'm just confused.


Yeah. So I I I don't do something to make you feel better about you. So time not co. So if time doesn't, doesn't be who he is, does that make you feel better about yourself? Does that give you more confidence? Right. Or does it mask your insecurity that you possessed all along? I, I, I hate, I hate when people use that word. Be humble Child, please. Yeah. Oh, you need to be humble.


Ocho that concludes this episode. This episode. Nice, nice look. Oh, I gotta decent some time to get me some sleep tonight. Me too. Me too. Me too. Me too. I gotta be up early. I know. This is when the show started last night. Yeah. We just concluded this episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network. Today, y'all know me, I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharp, the Liberty City legend, the bingo ring of Fame artery, the Route runner extraordinaire, the Pro Bowl of the All Crow. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you for your support. We really appreciate that. Last night we had over 20,000 to chat tonight. You guys show up for us Night every night that we come on, you guys show up for us. We appreciate that, huh? Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. That's what I always say. Hit the subscribe button. Hit the like button. Tell family, friends and loved ones. Man, y'all need to check out Uncle Ojo on Nightcap. Man, them jokes be cloudy. They give you some real life spill, but they talk about a lot of stuff.


Make sure you check out Shade by La Porter. We do have it in stock. What better way to celebrate a momentous occasion in 2025 than with a bottle of shade by La Porter? If you can't find it in a city or a state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of his platform. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything is restocked. We just dropped our Super Bowl shirt, a show, shirts and hats. Link is pen at the top of the chat. Supplies are limited, so make sure you purchase yours before they're gone, because once they're gone, they are gone. The Thunder beat, the Rockets thanks to Shay.


Gil, just 51 points. It's his fourth 50 P 50 point game this year. It's his fourth one in the last six weeks. I think with tonight's performance and the way he's played all year, he's gonna be your MVP and I don't think anybody's gonna argue about that. So that concludes this episode of Nightcap. I'm up. He's Ocho. We will see you Wednesday. Matter of fact, we'll see you tomorrow morning. Yeah, we'll see you tomorrow morning. Nightcap will see you on Wednesday, The Volume.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through much 27 Spring in for storewide deals and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible cleaning items from Tide, Downey, Charman, and Dawn, or Dinner Essentials from Hidden Valley Healthy Choice or Pillsbury plus many more. Then clip the offer in our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards. To save even more restrictions, apply. Visit safeway.com for more details. Hey, Janice Torres here, And I'm Austin Hankins. We're the hosts of Mind The Business Small Business Success Stories produced by Ruby Studio and Intuit Quickbooks. Catch up on seasons one and two and join us for a brand new season of the podcast as we talk to small business owners about how they manage and grow their businesses.


With the help of platforms like Intuit, Quickbooks, Listen to Mind the Business, small Business Success Stories on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Are you still quoting 30 year old movies? Have you said Cool Beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now It Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card Based on the February 2024 Nielsen Report.