
Every morning brings a fresh new energy. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. We get the best start to the day because we start It together. Watch the Today Show weekdays At 7:00 AM on NBC.


Spring is here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back. We're partnering with Nissan. So pull up to their exclusive lounge to get a special look at the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks and Nissan Rogue. The Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than CR-V and RAV4 and features available 12.3 inch touchscreen display while the all new Nissan Kicks holds it down with a totally redesigned interior cabin with features like available wireless apple CarPlay, and available panoramic moon roof. Relax and see how Nissan is leveling up the game. Come kick it. April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta. Get ready for culture, community, and good conversation.


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've Told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume,


The NBA 82 game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the high stakes drama clutch moments and draw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting, draft King Sports book has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playing games all the way through the finals, now it's time to back your favorite player and teams as they go. Chase Glory. All season long draftings has been your go-to spot for NBA player prompts and that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30, 40 or even more? It's your call ready to place your first bet. Download the Drafting Sports book app now. Lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for you. First timers new draft King customers bet $5 and get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Make it a playoff run to remember with DraftKings. Download the Drafting Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 instantly. And bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, taxed and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


The Phoenix Suns fired their last two head coaches. Frank Ogle, Mike Bozer after just one season and they reportedly plan on taking a different approach heading into next season. NBA insiders, Mark Stein and Jake Fisher reported Sunday that the Phoenix that sons are highly unlikely to pursue another veteran coach following the quick departure of Vogel and Boozer. Both coaches had five year deals but didn't even make it to the second year of the deal. Phoenix also fired Marty Williams after 20 22, 20 23 season. So it would snap a three year firing streak if they keep a coach beyond 20 25, 20 26 campaign.


If you are, Matt, where are you going and what are you looking for? The head coach Joe, you, you looking for somebody who the player's gonna respect and and buy into the system. That's why I tell you, I don't know what they looking to spin on a coach, but go young, give a coach some give, give him some leniency as far as wins because I mean, it ain't out, it ain't worked out in the past three coaches, man. You know, you gonna have to probably go through a little heartbreak, You know, a a little, a little low as far as wins, but might as well do it with some young guys.


You got guys, you got four years, you playing $80 million to coaches. That's not coaching over the next four years. Hey, what Phil Jackson at? He Heard? Yeah, please. Phil ain't coming. He still, Phil ain't want coach. If Phil, if Phil, Phil was like, if I can't have Kobe and Shaq and Jordan and Pip and I ain't coaching, I'm done. I I ain't fitting to mess, I ain't finna mess up my playoffs, my, my my playoffs or a record and my championship game or a record. That ain't finna happen. Nah, but you got but you gotta get somebody in that man who them players gonna respect and buy.


And I'm telling you, You know somebody who gonna really come in and and and lay down what's supposed to be done because if the players don't respect you all Ocho like y'all, y'all see they ain't gonna play hard for, You know. Well they be out, they they be out there. Bull jobbing, huh? Yeah. What, what I mean Sam Casale is a player. He been a, he been an assistant coach for two decades. You can get Sam ca Hey look Sam, Sam probably be a good, a good candidate for that job you look at because it kinda reminds me of the Charles bill thing once he got there, You know, Dane was still there but d Trey and Dame off and just kind of starting over and ain't no pressure on Chay, You know right now he got some Simon, they got school Henderson, they got Den Sharp.


Yeah. Cling. Yeah they got some young guys who can go, he got develop them guys and hopefully they mature into, You know, some pretty good pros. Question is what they gonna do with Jeremy Grant? I don't know if he's on the last year of his contract or if he has another year they're gonna move on from him. But like you said, they got some young talent and they was like okay and they just extended, they just extended Chauncey, who knows. Yeah, Nash was, he was a staple in Phoenix, but he Mark Jackson, mark man, I don't know why they just won't give Jack Jack an opportunity, but hey, yeah, I don't understand that either. Maybe he did something wrong and word got out and they won't give him another opportunity.


I, I don't know. I had him on my pod. He say he don't know what he did. Nobody seems to know. But all I know is that there have been a lot of coaches that, that had worse records than, than what he's had that's been given opportunities to, to resurface. But for whatever reason it hadn't happened for him. Coach Prime won't in NIL salary cap in college football there, there should be some kind of cap. Our game should emulate an NFL game in every aspect. Rules, regulations, whatever the rules, whatever whatever the NFL rules, the college rules should be the same. There should be a cap and every team gets this and should be able to spend that OCHO Joe should there be an N-L-N-N-I-L salary cap in college football?


I don't like it. I don't like it. I want the players to get as much as they can off their likeness because is there a salary cap when it comes to coaches going from going from college to college or school to school? Do they, do they put a salary cap on the coaches? Nope. Being able to get as much money as they want. Absolutely not. So don't do it to the players either. Don't do it. Don't do it to the players. They make these colleges, these universities and these entities make billions in bi bill, B word not millions, billions every year collectively off players likeness. Allow them to get a piece of the pie for the change. Allow 'em to get a piece of pie for the change and it's gonna be like this for a very long time.


Obviously we know the landscape of NCAA has changed. You gotta pay to play, whether it be basketball or whether it be football. You wanna win, you gotta pay the play. You wanna get the best players you gotta pay to get, get 'em to come to your school. That's a part of the game. That's what the game is right now. But don't don't put a salary cap on it. No, don't. Because they don't do it for the coaches what you think and they pick up and go whenever they want to when there's a better opportunity. What you want, Joe? What you thinking Joe? I wouldn't say salary cap but I do, I do wanna see all the, the player athletes get compensated to some degree. Even let's say even if you ain't a guy who playing major minutes, like I think it's enough to go around.


I mean these dudes, they all professional athletes now, You know, we can't even, yes. It's not just a collegiate athlete like you a professional, so you gotta carry yourself that way. And I just feel like if you got one dude making 7 million, another dude making two and a half, 3 million. No I Think you could stretch it out to where everybody on the team is making a little song. It's man, I'm just, I just saw in basketball, I think 50% of the players in college basketball entered the portal. Yeah, 50% Joe Ocho. Think about that. Yeah. 50% of the college basketball player are in the portal.


No loyalty. Oh they ain. Hey, hey. Them young boys get into that. They get into the, they ain't studying all that. What you trying, what kind of system you running? I about studying at, hey what y'all paying me man? What y'all paying? And that's it. And Joe, you can't coach kids like we used to get coach, you can't yell at a kid you got Oh no kids coming in now how much money you got and how much time I'm gonna play. Yeah. Alright. You ain't talking right. I got to go. Yeah, think about it. That's where they are. That's where we are now. Ocho kid, You know, and I get it to a certain extent. You know, we, that's all we knew. So the yelling and screaming and the cussing and the grabbing the face mask or whatever the case may be. Hey, I love it. That's all we knew. I love it. But in today's time, these kids, it, there's been a slow evolution where coaches have had to get away from that.


Coaches gotten fired. Yeah. For cursing and saying things and doing things. I don't even know if they have, I don't even know if they have Oklahoma anymore. Ocho I don't know if they have bull in the ring no more. They have to. No they don't. I mean we go sometimes we go hold you, we gonna practice it. We gonna damn near the whole practice with no water. Ocho make a bad, make a mistake. Nah, you ain't get no water. Pull that water out. Yeah. See that's, see that's why sometimes the kids, sometimes kids today they getting a little soft. Now we started bulling the ring, we started Oklahoma drill and I'm talking about, I was five years old. Yeah. Oh For sure. I was five years old. I'll never forget. 1988. I'll tell you 1988 Miami legacy optimism.


I can tell you in a coach ward, coach, boy, rest in peace. What we doing? I'm five years old, we doing Oklahoma drill in and bull the ring five years old will pass on unc. That builds character. Yes. It builds up. That's How outta Florida. That's why that's, that's how we, that's why we are the way we are outta Florida. It build character. Hey look, I've played for the bear AKA Nolan Richardson. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. 40 minutes ahead. Hey, hey Uncle Oto you calling him practice it. May you not even touch up the basketball today. You know, might put an hour up there on the clock and you just run around the whole court Indian run for 60 minutes straight. Hey. Yeah. Yeah. So one thing about be in some shake brother, you gonna be in some shake 60, 60 minutes or 60 seconds straight Indian run.


Hey look, You know, You know if you in the back, if you in the back with the, with the medicine ball, you gotta run a whole circle and come back to the front of line then another. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, 60 straight minutes nonstop until we get into them legs. Because his favorite quote was The fatigue makes cows of us all that it does. And now He like, Hey, Hey look, once you get tired, now we wanna see if you gonna play basketball. 'cause they going, wow. Hey, hey, you got guys gonna be looking like OCHO out there. And then every the game playing against Maker, whoa, whoa, whoa. Got Hey, hold on, hold on. You telling me how I looked when my legs were already gone at that already? That's dropped saying dropped 22 in the celebrity games.


Okay, well I ain't see that. I ain't see that. I'm just telling you what I Well watch the whole footage. They just showed the part where we almost fought and I'm gonna beat his ass. Yeah, you ain't see that? That's what you almost saw. I didn't See that. I ain't seen that part. Yeah, I, I'm, I'm just telling you, I'm telling Tac that's my dog, You know, I respect him as a player, but NBA players cannot deal with true athletes outside of a structured environment. Five on five and running plays and setting picks. You can't, you can't, you can't play somebody like me and Think you gonna succeed. That's why, that's why I try to keep telling you and you don't seem to understand. All Right. All right, all right. We gonna go back. We go back to, hey, but back saying college playing for Nolan Ric.


Hey listen, we probably would've had a few guys in the portal too, if you could jump in the portal. Hey, it, it was tough down there. You can't coach them guys like that no more. Hey look, no, you can't, you can't, you can't be tough guys or You know, you can't yell. You can't. And the thing is, because we stayed outside when we were younger, old Joe, we stayed outside. Yeah. So when it came to trying to practice, I don't remember anybody, I don't remember really anybody fainting or dying or passing out or something like that. Like you see can down, they do, they do these hard drills and they, You know, they, they they, they they Fall out. Yeah. Yeah. We didn't have that because we was outside, You know, we were playing basketball, playing football, we was working outside.


It wasn't though we had PlayStation, we outside the inside and then all of a sudden Yeah, you go out to a hundred degrees and try to run and do all that other stuff. Yeah. Some bad gonna happen. Yeah, Yeah. Hey, listen, that's everybody want, they wanna do all this, all this healthy eating and they peary and, and, and, and, and vagina sours and all this other stuff that don't make no sense. They, they, they listen to science, they listen to analytics. We ain't had none of that. No. When we were, when it was summertime, you hear me? When it was summertime, Joe. Yeah. We wanted to come in the house. No, if you thirsty drink for the water hose on the side of the house, they in out, you had to turn it on on, you had to turn it on and wait for the water to get cold. 'cause it came out hot as hell. Yeah, yeah.


Yeah. That's why we, that's why we ain't get hurt. That's why we ain't get sick today. Oh, I got a paper cut. I gotta go to the doctor. What? Hey, listen. Yeah, they don't, they see we didn't have a distraction that they have in today's. W we, they don't, we didn't have no social media ocho We really didn't have no video games. You had to go to the arcade, You know, back then, don't you? You had to go to the arcade. Yeah, we had Arcade. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You have no, there was a very select, I mean we used to have like Game Boy, we had some, You know, a couple of handheld games, but it wasn't nothing like what these kids got now, these kids now. That's why I say when you find a kid now that's focused, well you got something. Yeah. Oh yeah. Because it's hard because there's so many distractions.


You got mad and you got NB 2K and you got Call of Duty and Fortnite and this and that and Minecraft and you got so social media, you got TikTok and, and, and whatever the case may be, Snapchat or what, all that other stuff, whatever, whatever you got going on, on your, there's so much going on now, right? That it's hard. And, and, and it seems like as each generation, the attention span and the focus get less and less. Less and less. Very small. Yeah. Less and less. It's hard. You gotta get kids 10 minutes. Kids can't listen longer than 10 minutes. That's why. Okay, go take a break. What? It's, it's different now.


So I, I tell my hat to kids that, that come up in this environment now and they focus and they know what they want. Well, I wanna be this. Yeah. I wanna be a, and I'm not just talking about professional athlete. I'm talking about I wanna be a doctor and they take the step to do that. I wanna be this or I wanna be that. It go, it, it tells me a lot because we didn't have the distractions that they got. Na Joe. No, we didn't. We didn't. And it's, it's, it's going, it is hurting a lot of guys now. 'cause see, they can sit around on them video games on them PCs and the Xbox and PlayStation. That six to 12 hours can go by. Quick, quick. Married And I one the ones that's doing now you make money doing it now. Joe. Kid, kid. Like say, hey, I wanna be a streamer man.


What I want stream. You can make money. You look at, you look at a, a, a casting that or you look at speed. Yeah. Or you look at some of these guys, man, they're making millions and millions of dollars. Yeah. Yeah. Man, look, even if you could have made money back then, my grandma Mary Porter say, Uhuh, get your ass out this house. You go get the bills. Yeah. Tell it Listen first and TV gotta work for you to play video games. And I TV weren't working at the time. So, Hey, the funny, the funny thing about it too, even in today's era with, with with players more focused on building a brand because of social media, instead of working on your craft, You know, working your craft and hand your business in between the lives and hand your business on the hardwood, the brand gonna take care of itself.


Yes. 'cause you handle your business where it matters most. Now you got do you got some, you got some players regardless of social media, regardless of game and regardless of all the distractions, they show up and you can tell they put in the work, especially in college, You know your Travis Hunters. Yes. You know, your, your je your Jeremiah Smiths, You know, there's some, your Shado sand, your cam boy, there's some, there's some other, your Abdu Carters, You know, the other players that have been able to succeed that are newly in the league. You know, your Justin Jeffersons, your chasers. So players are dudes like that, that have a singular focus. Despite all the distractions going on around 'em, they still be locked in on what the end goal is and keeping the main thing and the main thing.


Yep. Well, I I commend them. I commend them because it's hard Buried. I agree.


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered A cabana. That's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and Select Markets Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, listen To the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Courtside with Laura Carenti, the podcast that's changing the game and breaking down the business of women's sports like never before. I'm Laura, the founder and CEO of Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. Your inside source on the biggest deals, power moves and game changers. Writing the playbook on all things women's sports. From the heavy hitters in the front office to the powerhouse women. On the pitch, we're talking to commissioners, team owners, influential athletes, and the investors betting big on women's sports. We'll break down the numbers, get under the hood and go deep on what's next. Women's sports are the moment, so if you're not paying attention, you are already behind. Join me Courtside for a front row seat into the making of the business of Women's Sports Courtside with Laura Correia as an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Corti starting April 3rd on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought To you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty. The story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions From the building of the core that included Clay Thompson and Draymond Green to one of the boldest coaching decisions in the history of the sport. I Just felt like the biggest thing was to earn the trust of the players and let the players know that we were here to try to help them take the next step, not tear anything down. Today the Warrior's Dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph Has done for the game. He's certainly on that like Mount Rushmore. For guys that have changed it, Come revisit this Magical Warrior's ride. This is Dub Dynasty. The Dubs Dynasty is still very much alive. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


According to Draft King sports book, Zootopia two has better Oscar win best pitcher at the Oscars than the Dallas Cowboys do to win the Super Bowl. The Cowboys to win the Super Bowl plus 7,500 Zootopia, two best pitcher plus 6,500. Damn. When was the last time an animation won? Best pitcher. Mm huh Never. Oh no, It never, you talking about the 98. The 98 years they been doing this. O' you right. Never. I guess they said the Cowboys never gonna win Super Bowl. Not this year. Oh man. Now what they say? I mean, if They, if if they, if they, they, if they go up and get asked in Genti at six, they got a good chance, Man.


You know, Jerry Jones ain't finna give up that draft capital what it takes to zoom up that draft board to get it. Hey, if he's serious about winning, What do You know them to be serious about? Winning You right by that. Okay, so I'm I'm with you when you Right, that's one thing about capital guy. 1212, yo, what? They go, oh, that'll call that. That's a, that that's a, that's a couple of, that's a, that's your second round and possibly your third or your fourth one to move up. There's six spots. I I think Ash and Gente probably going six to the rate. Wait, the Raiders at six, right? Or am I tripping? Yeah, I think the Raiders at six. I I say he might, I I Think you might go to the Raiders Now it's time for our final segment of the evening.


It's time for q and a. Mr. International said guys, NIL made college sports more entertaining. Agree or disagree? I like that. I like it. I like it, I like it, I like it. I like it a lot and I like it a lot because we've heard so many horror stories back in the days when there was no NIL money, but players get in trouble, can't eat, can't pay for certain things. So they had to do whatever they need to do to make ends meet. The fact that NIL is helping players early, being able to take care of their families before they make it to the next level. Or some players that might not even ever make it to the NFL, they're still getting compensation for their likeness because sometimes college might be your last stop.


Yeah, yeah. You know, for the most, the Percentage that most athletes in college is their last stop. I mean, yeah. Yeah. So, so those who have a chance to make a, a little piece of change, man, do what you gotta do, man. And make the most of it. Yeah. Max sometimes it's like a credit, it's like a free paying credit card, Joe. You got a limit on it and sometimes the limit is college, sometimes the limit high school. Yeah. Sometimes the limit is, is jv Hey, hey. When You know that, when You know that, especially in college, get, get as much as you can take opportunity. Hey, hey, I'm start breaking down tape, do I go into coaching? Right, right. Because everybody ain't gonna make it to the, to, to the professional.


The NBAA professional in your set sport. Yeah. Be it football, basketball, baseball, track and field, tennis, hockey, whatever the case may be. Everybody isn't going through. I know you Think you are, but not everybody can. There are not benefit. There are a million, there are a million kids that's gonna graduate. Ain't no million kids going to college. It ain't no million kids going to the NFL. Yeah, it's a small percentage. Boy. I mean, think about it. It's only been 25, 20 6,000 men that ever play in the NFL coach play GM in the NFL history. Yeah. That's a long way from a million, don't you? Yeah. Hey. Hey. Not even a hundred thousand.


Hey listen, I think the NIL has made college fun to watch again though. Yeah. Made it more exciting. Obviously we see the money that these guys are getting and it's, it's a lot more, it's a lot more on them I think, You know, it's been fun to watch, man, but they do gotta get ahold of this, they gotta get ahold of because I see it getting worse, I don't think before it getting back. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. It is gonna get worse for it. Get better. I mean you, but, And also, You know, Go ahead O Joe. No, I I'm gonna say also the kid didn't understand too, if you really like that, if you really him, You know, all this bounces from school to school to school to school. If you really like that or the way you may Think you are, you'll get the money wherever you go.


You know that, huh? For sure. You, you'll get the money wherever you go. So Think you gonna get more going somewhere else when you really not. They really don't value like that. Maybe you think you're not the person you are or wherever you are, you're not, you're not as good as you Think you are is what I'm trying to say. So I think the kids are gonna run into that problem as well, Joe thinking that they, they're they're so good. Yeah. That they can go somewhere else and get more money. I think that's gonna be another issue they gonna run into. Like, it's gonna be a wake up call. You good, but you really not like that. Or they would've paid you. They wouldn't have had no problem paying you, you would've got it the first time. Ou Greg Jo. Well I think, You know, the smaller schools OCHO, That different five.


Yeah. Let see the power five gonna go down there, gonna go to them smaller schools. It start, it starts taking the kids For three years already. He got experience in college, know what it takes to be a collegiate athlete. They want that, they want that now. They no longer want these freshmen coming straight out of right coming, coming straight outta high school. They want high school because listen, this is a professional now that we in and these guys are getting paid. So look, we ain't just out here rolling the ball, let you go out here and just do what you want to get better now. Right. We bringing in guys, I said we think gonna help us win right now. Yep. Okay, I got you. Yeah. Ou SS 2004. UNC ocho not that Dion is struggling to pay for his kids college, but do you find it odd that the second his kids aren't in college anymore, he wants a cap on NIL just seems like convenient timing.


I I, I don't think, I don't think, I don't think the question had been raised before or, or, or this is the first time they asked him. I think if you ask him while his kids were playing, he might have said the same thing. I, I think is that with anything you have to, you need a governing body and right now there is no governing body with this NIL. Right. So it's just kind of like, like the wild wild west, don't you? Yeah. So what is it that, okay, you signed a two year deal, you get to break the contract. Right? If you don't get, if if the, if the school can't break it, you can't break it. Right.


I think that's the, I, because I think I, I think the, the guy at Tennessee, I, I don't know what he was thinking because he was going get 2.4. He goes and gets 1.7, 1.8, he goes to California. That's all that's half of that's gonna go in taxes. I think Tennessee, Tennessee doesn't have a state income tax. O Joe. Oh, Did he get more in UCLA or less? He, he got less And he gotta pay more taxes. So it made no sense. You see what I mean? And that there's a small example right there thinking you better thinking you better thinking you better than what you really are and you gonna go somewhere, somewhere else and give more money and now you got less. Yep. Like if you, if you was him, if you was like that and I mean, no disrespect, I'm just talking about from a financial standpoint and want more money, if you really like that, they wouldn't hesitate to, they wouldn't hesitate to pay you more.


True. If you were that much of a difference maker. Oh, you want what actually, what 2 million you wanna go from 2.7 to four. Oh, no problem. No problem. That's if they really value you like that on the field. Oh listen over, over overestimating the value. And I that's no disrespect to him. I'm just using that as an example. Mr. Internationals, go ahead. Would you say something Joe? Okay, go ahead. Go ahead. Mr. International, being a pro athlete isn't as popular today as it was back in the 1970s. Actually, I think it's more popular. You see the money getting paid. Who said that? Mr.


International Miss that missing that. Come on now. Come on now. Shoot. May I, I can't even pronounce his name. It's N-I-K-A-R-A-X-H-I. I don't know what that means bro. But anyway, for, for both. If you had to pick out of quarterbacks from this pool, who's most likely to leave? Ringless and Ocho pay the man his money. So I guess he said out Cam Ward Shado Jackson Dark slo. Is that what he's talking about? Okay. We supposed to predict the future on them. On who gonna win the Ring Mo He says who's most likely to leave?


Ringless Man. Sh man, It could be all of them. Look at the situation they're going into. Yeah, you, you going to, you going to bad teams, very bad teams. Hey, they Keer Norwood Jr. Oh, I've taken the Nuggets over the Clippers in six and you Mm damn. So you got, you got, you got, I don't know about that one. Kemper, he said he taking the nuggets over the clippers in six games. Oh no. I think if the Nuggets gonna win, they gonna win this himself, Joe. All, I don't got the squander in this way, man. I got TLU keeping them boys ready, understanding the moment, You know, we're going back home, you can't have a let down at home.


The only teams had that when you came off, You know, two emotional high games playing in Denver. You know, it's tough when you get home, you have a tendency to kinda relax. So I'm sure tlu gonna have 'em, dudes ready. I don't see them. I don't see 'em. You don't see them having a let down? Nah, because they gotta understand the moment right now, aren't they? Did what they correct do. So take advantage of this. Don't come out playing with them boys in game three. Keep playing hard working. I don't know if Kwa gonna give you 39 every night, but him and him and James being consistent the way they do, hopefully one of 'em explode and or, or you have those other guys play well and win you a game in this series. But I like the Clippers man.


I like everything they do from the guys who they play, the life size matches that they have and the problems that trying to give Denver. If Denver gonna step up and come in there and play with some resiliency in, in LA, it's gonna be a short series, man. Wow. Yeah. Quentin Mobley io. Joe, how was it playing with Al Horford in Atlanta? How do you feel seeing your boy win that ring last year? Are you surprised he's still playing? No, I'm not surprised he's still playing. I'm happy for Al Man. You know, when we got Al when I was here in Atlanta, it was his rookie year on, it was my third year here. This is our first time making the playoffs. Me, Al, Josh Smith, Mike Biby, Jeff t we played against that Boston team.


We was a AC playing against A1C and Boston went on to win the NBA championship day year. And I brought six in like six games. Us, the Atlanta Hawks and the Cleveland Cavaliers were the only team who took them seven games. Wow. Yeah, right, that playoffs. So we was a young team. I was a rookie playing against Kevin Garnet. I'm talking about playing his butt off. So to the, him playing now, playing at a high level. Man, I would love to see it, man. He take care of his body. He look good out there. Yeah. Yeah. Bria Carter Ocho. Have you been the inner Miami game yet? Yeah, of course, of course.


I, I, I've been in the Miami game watch Messi. I mean, I obviously you, you probably haven't seen footage with Messi and Beckham and, and George who's also, who's the, who's the owner of, of the team. I know everybody very well. I don't frequent it often because I'm on the road too much, but I've been to the games That concludes this edition of Nightcap. Thank you guys for joining us because without you, there can be no us. We greatly appreciate your support, Joe. Thank you. Come on now, Joe, back tomorrow night or this weekend? Tomorrow night. This weekend. Okay. Joe's back this weekend. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit the like button.


Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Y'all know me, your favorite aunt. Your favorite number 85 is at the bottom, the Liberty City legend, the bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson and our special special contributor for all things basketball joining us throughout the entirety of the playoffs. Y'all know him. Y'all love him. ISO Joe Johnson. Again, thank you Joe for joining us. Thank you. Make sure you go check out Shaa Ball La Portier. If you cannot find it, any city or state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow She Shea Media Company page on all of its platform.


And my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything has restock, the link is pinned at the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work Tour are on sale out. Eight stops are be more Philly, Charlotte, la, Miami, New York, Chicago and Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. That's shehe media.com/tour. The link is also pending in the chat. Guest lineup is looking real good. You guys don't wanna miss this. Go out. Grab your tickets now.


Clippers beat the Nuggets 1 0 5 to 1 0 2, the Steal Home Court series. Heads back to LA Tied one one Detroit. Go into Madison Square Garden and win 194. Steal game two. That series is tied. One. One going back to Detroit. Thank you guys for joining us for Nightcap. I'm unc. He's ocho, he's iso. We'll see you tomorrow that The Volume


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny Days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Or you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of Sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I am Cam Ramon at am Ortiz, and our podcast Atho is where sports, music and fitness collide and we cover it all This season we sit down with history makers like the Sukar family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen To Asta Waho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm Michael Casson, and on good company, we're talking to the rule breakers, trendsetters and visionaries, shaking up media, marketing, entertainment and technology. In this episode, I sit down with Hollywood legend, Jeffrey Katzenberg. I'm really excited about the new tools for filmmakers. I think that they are going to democratize great storytelling. Listen to the new season of good companies starting April 23rd on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.