
You know, you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music, and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states, and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan RK Tell about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deir here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week we will get together and chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let tabla Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers and the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume NFL playoffs. We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at DraftKings. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sports Book. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at Draftking. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


I'm gonna celebrate, huh? I got my 40. You going hood? Y'all, you keep it in the, by the brown bag. Oh yeah, Yeah. Net down. Hold on, hold on. Let me give a sit down. Hold on, man. Hold on. Yeah, Mama. Hey, don't say buffalo. Don't say bro. Goes. Two teams played today, okay. Up in upstate New York. Okay, there you go. Near, near the Canadian border. Yes sir. The team from the west didn't fa very well as a team that I played Right? As a matter of fact, they, they didn't fare What? They didn't fare very well. I'm a drink to that.


See that? What you get that what you get. See, see that? What happened? Hold on, hold on, hold that. What happened? Will you make fun of one of God's children? Hold on, lemme get some. Hold on. God damn it. Don't worry about it. The party, the party gonna keep going. Lemme wipe this up. I don't wanna I don't wanna mess up the flow. But anyway, the team that won, they scored 31 unanswered points. So how Many, how many, how many they scored? They scored 31 unanswered. The Fact that you even thought they had a chance. That's the funny part. You were so confident yesterday. I don't have the same energy. I don't, I'm trying to understand where's the energy you had yesterday? Matter of fact, I'm gonna drink to that one more time. Hey Ocho.


But the thing was, I had the energy because that was before the game. I already know the outcome of the game now. No, but you knew the outcome of the game yesterday. I didn't. You knew the outcome. I told you what it was gonna be. I'm not sure why you understand that. Even though the Broncos had a small percent, probably what? Less a milk chance? 2%. Whoa. Whoa. Not even 2%. They had almond milk, almond a almond, almond chance in the bangals. Win the playoffs. Hypothetically speaking, we would've given them a better game. We definitely would've been. Matter of fact, we might have won that game. No. There he go. Here he goes.


There he go. You can't week can't, you can't, you can't jump off the train like that. You can, you can't jump off the train like that. You can't. You, you are a wrong 12 year career. We flocking. No, no, we not flocking. We talking about the goal. The daily. Whoa, whoa, Whoa. Hey, they played, they played yesterday. They played yesterday. I don't even want to hear you say for or ball daw. I wanna hear you say play or Oh, I don't want you say no words with the letter be I don't want you say Buffalo Bills. I wanna hear, I wanna hear you say Broncos. I don't want you to hear, I wanna hear you say Beauty and the Beast. I don't want nothing.


Ravens Huh? D Henry L Jack. No. Marla Humphrey. No. No. Oh no. You were, you were, you was talking, you were talking. You were talking crazy last night too. Oh, my Broncos this my Broncos that I told you, I told you. Hey, as a matter of fact, guess what Ocho What? We gonna have a Raven join us tomorrow night. Who? Don't worry about it. Which one? I reached out to my team that they got play that's still in the playoffs. I mean, it would be nice if we could have a, a bingo joiners. They ain't got extra. Do so have Joe to join. Call in Chase. Hey, listen, they ain't got nothing to do.


You know what we gotta do? We gonna help you book your Broncos some flights to meet us in Cancun. Hey. Nah. Put your hand in there. Cancun on three. You can't cool on three. What happened to your team today? We got railroaded, we got beat. Oh, okay. Okay. We got beat. Hey, do You think, do you think, you think the Bengals, if they made it, you think they would, they would've put up seven points. I Would like to be hypotheticals. I would like to think, I would like to think if I was Elon Musk, I would be the world's richest man if I was, but I'm not. Hey, I would've like to think I would've made all the decisions that he made. Hey, one thing about it, boy, just make sure tonight, the rest of the night, I don't wanna hear you say anything that starts or ends with a beat.


I don't wanna hear you say foot or ball. I don't wanna hear, say, play or all. You are not a raven. I'm not sure why you can't catch I'm ocho Listen, you have nothing to do with the Ravens at all. You played there for two years. Again, two years in a relationship is a honeymoon phase. You don't even know each other yet. Matter of fact, I know y'all, you ain't even move in together yet. Matter of fact, two years. You ain't even met her parents yet. I did. Okay. I need Ocho. I was one, I was one of the, I was one of the offensive weapons that we had. Do you not remember? Hey, I understand. I, I understand your greatness. I don't wanna take any, anything away from you. You're a three times bowl champion. Three times bowl champion. I think seven, six time, time.


Pro bowl. Your, your Hall of Fame, a eight time Pro bowl. Your, your Hall of Famer number 2, 6 7. But you were Denver, Bronco, you My raven. You made the, you made the Pro Bowl at the Denver Bronco. Not as a Baltimore. I made the, I No, no, you Made the Hall of Fame. Both of the are on the Denver Bronco. No, no. It's not like baseball. Both teams are on the plaque. Hey, say up again. Flock. We flocking. We are supposed to be talking about the Broncos. What happened to your team? Ojo. Yeah. Boy, it, it, it's, it's amazing. That shine, that shine. It's, it's, it's amazing how, Hey, how do you think this makes, how do you think, how do you think this makes the Broncos fans feel?


I look here, first of all, everything that I've done with the Broncos okay. With that team in Denver is there. It's Chronicle, it's anything, everything I did for the two years that with the Ravens that's also there. Ocho Yeah. Two years. That, that ain't, that ain't no time. Ocho. Think about what I was able to accomplish in two years. How about the Broncos? Nah, we, we didn't, Hey, better team one, don't you? I be, I don't what you want me to tell. Okay. I did. I just wanted, I I just, I just Buffalo. So, hey, I don't owe you no money no more, right? Oh yeah, you do. You owe me 52 Hyundai, But the Broncos As a matter of fact, as a matter of fact, I'm gonna get Shirley's. Oh wait a minute.


The Broncos lost. I thought we, I thought we doubled it up. We were gonna double it. Nah, we ain't double nothing. You sure? Positive Houston. Texans get it going in the second half and they pull away from the LA Chargers. 32 to 12 score. AAMI says that is the First time that a game has ended. Right? The score of 32 to 12. Yeah. CJ s Strub 22 or 33. 2 81, 1 touchdown, one in deception. Joe Mixon ran the ball really well. 25 carries of buckle. Six one touchdowns, total rushes Houston 34 for a buck 68 in a touchdown. Nico Collins was sensational. Day seven catches for a buck 22.


Yeah. As they almost triple up the LA Chargers. Justin Herbert did not have a great day. He only threw three interceptions all year. He threw four today, 14 to 32, which is less than 50%. Right? 242 yards. But one of them came on a 86 yard touchdown. So one touchdown, four deception. He was sacked four times a 13 QBR They didn't, couldn't run the ball. 18 rushes 50 yards. But lad McConkey had himself a day over eight. He gave it to everybody. Nine catchers a buck, 97, 1 touchdown. But if you go back and look at it, he was really the only one that caught a pass. Yeah. That did anything. The tight end dis dis He caught two for 16, fifth caught one for 15 chart caught one for 10, Davis caught one for four.


That was it. Now listen, listen, e the the first half, first half was horrible. The first half was very boring. First half was very, very, very boring and very underwhelming. Like when I think about the charges offense, I thought, you know, it would be a high scoring game. I, I, I just thought it was, especially having Justin Herbert, Justin Herbert being in the playoffs, I'm like, you know what, Quentin Johnson had a hell of a game last week. He had 1 98. Yeah. 87, something like that. So I'm thinking, okay, Quentin Johnson coming in with the confidence after having a game like that. Then La Darius McConkey, I don't even call him lad no more. Ladd is short for La Darius, you know, as far as I'm concerned, he won us. Hey listen, he had a phenomenal game today.


And yeah, CJ Shrider texted, they scared me a little bit. They scared me a little bit with the way they were playing in the first half. If it wasn't for the interceptions that brother Herbert threw this game might have been a little bit different. And I tweeted after he threw the first one. All right, nah, you playing around, you gonna pay devil for that. You, That that was a, I mean both of them. I mean cj his interception, that was terrible. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm Like, bro. And then, and then Herbert came back. I mean, Herbert obsession was ter they were awful. Which one? Well, but listen, one was on all over now. La la Lad. No, no, no, no, no. That was distally. That was the tight end that dropped it. No dis The flat.


You talking about the one you talking about the one in the flat? Nah, La McConkey hands. Oh, the one over the middle. Listen, now if your hands, if your hands touch it, especially for somebody like lad la Darius. If, if, if, if the ball touch your hands, you gotta have that. You gotta have that. Because it went right, it went right through his hands. It was an ugly game. Especially the first half. The Texas got it together in the second half. Now if I'm not thinking didn't see they shroud get, get sacked three times in the first half, if I'm not mistaken. Yeah. I mean they have to play better. They have to play If they're play, if they were playing a better team, a better offensive team, it, it wouldn't have been, it wouldn't have been just, yeah, You, I don't know if you can get off to the start and they got off the day you play Kansas City. Now if you played Kansas City, you played the Ravens, You would've been behind you not gonna Be able to get off to the start.


No. That team was gonna put 14, 17 points on you really put you behind the eight ball. But Eric Murray's pick six off of Justin Herbert late in the third quarter, gave the Texas a 20 to six lead and it didn't look back. Herbert a brutal day throwing the football four interceptions. He had nine completions of lab McConkey and five to 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 other receivers. So Lad was getting open. He did a great job. He did a great job. But then the interception that they ended up getting Stingley Jr. Yeah. It shows why he's an all pro. 'cause he had a phenomenal, but he got tremendous ball skills. Did a great job. I thought he was gonna take that one to the house or Joe.


Yeah. Speaking of, speaking of ball skills, I wanna talk about technique. I wanna talk about his technique on the double move. Most of the time on the double move that the receiver tried to run on him. Yeah. Most of the time DV played so aggressive and BS on the first move. On the first move where he's not even in position to recover man. Right. He not only, he bit on a little bit, but then he was able to transition, get back, get his eyes on the ball and then p it off. Yep. I don't think people, the casual fan under, you know, the casual fan watching from home, they just see interception. I mean just the development on how he got interception and how he kept his himself in position to even make the God play.


I'm like, what God, man. Yeah. He got, he got, he got great ball balls. Real deal. He, he's getting better and better. They did a great job of pressuring Will Anderson Jr. Had a, a sack and a half. Mario Edwards Jr. Had a sack and a half. They really got up Herbert, they've neutralized the running game. So now we know now we can just go hunting. Yeah. We can turn the, unleash the Hounds and we can just go hunting. Right. Because we have, we know you have no threat of running the football. I'm not even concerned about the, I'm not concerned about you running it. All I'm doing is pinning my ears back. Hey linebacker, y'all have a run front fold. Let's go hunting. Yeah.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me in former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it and the the heart's a little pink.


It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah. It was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondents and contributors.


The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show Ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. What's up everybody? I'm Nam Berk here today About a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's n hhl un scripted with Firkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 Game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp.


How about the sport and all the other things to running it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're just still gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker.


On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans. And with the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts. What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose.


We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. And you we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the post-season. Run The Rams defense.


Put on a dominance performance against, as the Rams routed the Vikings 27 to nine, the Rams now will travel to Fe Philadelphia On Sunday in the divisional round of the playoffs, the Rams tied an NFL postseason record with nine sacks. And they, they were coming tonight and they could swim. They Neville Gallimore. Is that Neville G? That's Neville Gallimore to play with Dallas. Wow. He didn't do that with Dallas. He had one and a half. Sack B Young had one and a half sacks. Hawk had a half a sack with a spoon. Had a sack. The rag had a sack. D Johnson had a sack. Fisk had a sack.


Didn't bur have one too? Oh, Jeremy, I guess they took his sack. But they were all, they were all over right? Tonight they were really all over Sam Donald. He didn't have an opportunity and then he fumbled, gave up a scooping score and that was, that was really it. But this defense look, yeah, we know the Rams can pressure the quarterback. No, no, no. But we didn't see this. Matter of fact, not this, What we saw for the ram of night. Do. I'm gonna be, listen, the got front four, the two rookies on the outside. Phenomenal. I'm talking on the, on the inside outside. Yeah. Phenomenal players. Buron Young. Now when it came from a defensive standpoint, I gave the ads to the goddamn, the Vikings, simply Brian Flo S 'cause they're a pressure team.


Yes. Most of the time, 98% of the time they get to the quarterback, make him uncomfortable as far as his decision making and rushing throws. So that's what I thought I was gonna see tonight. Oh. But I'm looking at the game like what in the world is going on? And just like you always say, no matter how you playing the postseason, I mean, might know how to matter, how you playing the regular season when you get to the postseason, it's one game. It don't matter if you got 14 wins, if you got eight wins, you got nine wins in just one game. And what team is gonna show up tonight and the Rams show up tonight. That guy damn p na cool boy. Hey big guy got a pka. Higby make some big time catchers.


Cooper Cup only had Cooper Cup had one Target who was a big time catcher, 29 Yarder. Obviously Kyron Williams had a receiving touchdown. He ran really, really hard. Look, the Ram struggled. If you go back and look, I think they season Becomes about training everybody. And then They went, yeah. Yep, they were. And then all of a sudden they got hot and they did not. And they did not look back. Stafford started playing better. But it was that defense, the defense started generating pressure, taking the ball away, creating turnover, putting their offense on short fields. Yeah. And the guy started capitalizing. But Ocho they play like this here.


I don't know if 22, I don't know if 22 points is gonna get it done, Phil. It, they're gonna have to play better than what Play against Esterday. Yesterday I had people in, in, you know, in the chat or tweet me today Who you say, who you say not gonna be able to score or, or, or beat Philly not going. You need to be able to put up numbers you need to be able to put up, because when, when you come in there next week, you gonna have to get Devonte Smith involved. You're gonna have to get AJ Brown involved because you have a high powered offense. Yes. Was with, I'm talking, I'm getting ready to say Sam Donald with, with Matt Stafford. Who gonna court? Hooper Cup, Kyle Williams. The tight ends, everybody is involved in, in that all phase With Pig be. Yep. The Eagles got to match that energy.


They, they got to match that energy and get contributions from everybody. Oh, Joe, they're gonna have, they're going to have to run the football to slow that path. Rush down. Because see tonight they really couldn't. Yeah. Minnesota really couldn't generate a rush. So they threw caution to the wind. Yeah. And no, once you see blood in the water of the sharks, yeah, they're gonna turn, it's gonna turn into a frenzy. You see, a lot of times now they freak. They they got him a couple times. Yeah. They brought the double edge. Justin Jefferson went in motion and they, they knew like when Jefferson goes in motion, he never looks hot. They don't run hot to that side. So what we gonna do, we gonna bring both 'em off that, both of 'em off that side and neither one of them look back, we were always taught ocho.


Yeah. If you come in motion, just take a glance back. Right. If nobody runs with you. Hmm. Why you not, why you not moving? Why y'all didn't bump out? So up, up Ocho, I, I don't like this because normally when somebody come in motion, if a guy's already over the outside inside guy, he's gonna bump to go to the outside. Well, if he don't come, yeah. My intent that he coming ain't no way. Ain't no way he gonna stay there. And The funny thing about it is, by myself, especially with something like that, I would think, and I would hope, but obviously they don't, you would have hot routes built in. You should have hot brows built in no matter what. Now obviously he didn't, you know, DV coming right off the edge and no Justin Jefferson, he, no. He just running down the field and it's not, it's not his fault.


Yes. And then one of the interceptions. One of the interceptions. I just wanna talk receiver talk real quick, just just real quick on Addison, I can't remember number 14 name from the Rams. They got that. Yes. Justin out that, out that bunch Slick, I mean out that bunch. Look with the condensed split where Addison had the out route, I wish if with understanding if he can hold that inside shoulder just a little bit longer and take him two or four yards just to get the DV to open up. Yes. Just if you can get him to open up, even if the throw is inside it give you a chance to adjust to it and make the catch where the DV still has to transition and flip just to make a play on the ball. But when you just, when you just roll out of it and he not opened up yet, all you gotta do is just come on right down to the ball.


If, if it's a bad throw. Yeah. Hold on. Ojo. I know it's, it is. Hold on. Okay. Kobe Durant, that's his name, 14 for dur Ram. Kobe Dur was play by Kobe Mo Sack Yards, lost mo s Yards lost in a playoff game in NFL history. Sam Darn has the record now. 82 total yards on nine Sack. The record was in nine in on January. On December 31st in 1967. Oh, was that the ice bowl?


That might have been the Ice Bowl. The cowboy sack Bart Star for a total of 76 yards. That that's the coldest. I think that might be the coldest game. That was the ice bowl. Right. 12 31 19 67. The Cowboy sack, they lost Mo Sack Yarders lost in a playoff game in the NFL history. Sam Donald now holds that record with 82 yard sack Yards lost. Bart Starr had the record in the Ice Bowl. Right. With the Cowboys sacked him for 76 yards. But the difference is yeah, the Packers won If Oh, that was the last, that was the last NFL championship then, huh?


Or with that, I don't think they would called it the Super Bowl then. I think that was the NFL championship. I'm almost certain. Damn. Because next year it was next year. It was the Super Bowl started in next year in 68. And you know, IIII was hoping I was, I was excited, man. I thought, I thought it, it would've been a much more competitive game. I I I really thought he was. I I listen you too. When I was on inside the NFL and we talked about who I thought was gonna win on Ultra Predictor, I've only picked the Vikings simply because of the defense and what Brian Flores was able to do throughout the entirety of the season. Matthew Stafford in the offense, they got the ball out so fast. Even if you did bliss ending even mad because people weren't gonna get there.


The ball was coming out so fast. Right. But you, they, they run a, but if you look at the Rams offense, a lot of that, that's why they're able to beat the Blitz a lot because they got a lot of bubble screens. They lot got a lot of jailbreak screens. They run a lot of shallow crosses. They got, they got a lot of building inside of Jess. So it's hard to trap. Yeah. Now occasionally you can get them, but a lot of that is built in. Cooper Cup is right there. Pka does a great job of getting her head around. And you know, Sean McVay is really, really creative. He does a great job of, of understanding like, okay, in this downing distance, a lot of the time they like to bring a bli. So if they bring in a bliss, that means they're man on the other side. So what we need to do is get the ball into our guy's hand, Cooper Cup hookah Nku, and now we get two blockers or we get a blocker out there in front.


He break a tackle. Now that's a big, that's a big game. And, and, and they've done a great job of that for the, since Sean McVay has been there. And the thing that Was Matt Stafford, the way his ability to change arm angles Ocho, he can go overhand and he can slide, he can side arm it. He got, but I don't know if, I don't know if that was, that Was fumble. You know, Listen, I think it beum say Matt Stafford on that where even some people were still question it is the fact that KU was right there. He was, he was literally right there. Yes, yes, yes. And that definitely that I think, I think you're absolutely right.


I think that did save him because had it not, maybe they would've called intentional grinding, but because the guy scooped and scored, that would've been a touchdown. And, and I think that changed, that changed the complexion of the game because now all of a sudden Ocho what that tied the game if I'm, I'm not mistaken that, that have tied the ball game up. And so yeah, turnovers are huge in this situation. And what what'd he have? Sam Donald had one pick. He had one pick one touchdown, nine sacks for 82 yards. Matthew Stafford got, got two for seven yards, 19 to 27, 2 touchdown. And Matthew Stafford had a couple of drops.


Tight end drop one. But Addison dropped two big ones though. And I, it, it's hard to hold onto that ball when you're, that hop in the air, you hit the ground unless you got a real firm hole on it, that body jars and that ball's gonna pop out. So, but look, Minnesota had a great season, but tonight the Rams were the better team. They outplayed 'em from top to bottom and hold on, thera and the Rams made a bone head play on special team. They ran into the punter, gave, gave, who did they give the opportunity? The bikes another opportunity. But that defense tonight, how do you, that's the good performance. How do you see that? You're gonna see each other, it playing out Against the Eagle, the Eagles and Rams.


How do you see it? Eagles gonna have to run the football to slow that pass rush down. Right. That's the only thing they could stop the pass rush. Because it gotten to a point where they couldn't run the football. And so there was no, there was no disguise, there was no foul of them running the football. And even when they did run and said, you know what, we'll give y'all a little three or four yards. Right? We don't believe y'all can hurt us with the run, but we believe those receivers, Hawkinson, Jefferson, Addison Naylor, we believe that's where you could hurt us at. So what we're gonna do, we're gonna cut the head off the snake and then we gonna let the body just and meet, you know, just middle around and, and they ca I I mean I've got, I'm trying to think. Ocho you probably gotta go back.


Tennessee did a number on on you guys, but Burr was able to pull it. I remember when y'all guys went on the road to Tennessee, they sacked him nine times. But as far as like a dominating performance, you gotta go back to that. Maybe what the Broncos did to Cam in the Super Bowl. Yeah. They all, this is what that looked like. Ojo the way, I mean, because Cam really didn't have no time. Andon was on him. D Ware was on him Wolf, I forget the other Malik. Malik Jackson. Yeah. That was just four man pressure. And a lot of this was, now a lot of this was just four man pressure. Yeah. They brought a couple of cap blitzes, brought the edge, brought the, the slot blitz a couple of times to, to catch him off guard.


They caught him. But really that was versed, that was young and that was Turner. And they got home. Never Gall Amore had a game, had a game, maybe played himself into a big time contract. But these guys, that defense was coming. Hell, I was like, damn, when did slip Aaron Donald back out there, there, That's What it I like that, that, that that defense looked like they had Aaron Donald and they had Bond and they had a Leonard Ford when they went to the Super Bowl that year that on that, that run to the Super Bowl late in the season then in the playoffs. That's what that defense looked like tonight. They got out, they got out the Minnesota, they knew the passing game was what Minnesota could rely on to beat them. And they took that away.


And this thing was, it was over. I mean, Ocho, when this thing got what it was 20, it was 24 to three at the half. It, it Was over There. It was over at that point. Ocho the Eagles defeated the Packers 22 to 10. Sequan Barkley rushed for 119 yards. The Eagles defense picked up Jordan Love three times. I don't get why Sequan sled And he's try, he he's being a team guy. How they gonna come back and score nine 20 points in a minute? There haven't been bear many 200 yard rush days in NFL postseason history. Somebody in his ear. Huh? Somebody Ooh, somebody on the side, y'all to Shut the up. My my huh?


You mean you ain't gotta tell me because I said the same thing. I say, why are you sliding in a moment like that? Look here ojo in certain circumstances, I get it. One story. Let's just say you up by one point you scored at a chance. They give a two point conversion and tie you. I get that. Not in this situation. That's Why I said somebody, somebody was in his ear. Somebody on the sideline probably told it before. If you get, we get an opportunity, if you get a chance, if you break one open, let's go down. Brady said he wouldn't have been so generous. Hell no. Ocho I'm up by 12 points. Yeah. With a minute to go and I'm about to hit and I get, let's just say Ocho, I got 125 yards. Right. That right there gonna gimme 75 yards.


That's gonna gimme a touchdown. 200 yards. Boy, I'm going to the house. Yeah. I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna hold y'all, I'm going to the house. I don't, I don't know what he was doing. I I, in a sense, it it, it makes me think not only his decision. Well yes, his decision because he could have said he wanted to play or not. The decision not to go after that record last week. Yeah. Which with a cement in his leg, his legacy in the history books. And then you come this week, you know, you have a, a clear touchdown. A clear touchdown. You're already up by two scores. Why not just go score? I mean, somebody in his ear got him. Listen, they, they, they got my dog brainwashed over there. They got him overthinking. He thank you too much. Yeah. Maybe They got my dog brainwashed, they got him overthinking.


I'm not analyzing every little thing. Just play football. Just, just have fun. Enjoy the Yeah, because you're not gonna get these opportunities very often and it goes really fast. It goes really fast. So yeah. I mean it is, it is what it is. I hope everything continues to work out for Quan and that Eagles team. They, they, they look good today, but they're not, to me, they're not scoring enough points, man. They're not scoring that point. They're not, they're not, they're not efficient throwing of all Well they're not using AJ Brown. Yeah. I thought it was just me. Ojo. That's going to catch up. That's going to catch up to them. Okay. Wasn for the Green Bay Packers having the injuries that they had or Ju Jordan Love not, not not being able to get that motor running. They lucky. Maybe it's just me. Maybe I'm just too critical.


But Jalen Hurst did not look good. At least the first three and a half quarters of Joe. Maybe it's just me though. I did, did you notice anything? He looked timid. They were running. I'm like, bro, Jalen, what are you doing? Run. Go do something. I I don't go. Listen, I didn't, I didn't really, I didn't really notice anything. I think when I think about Jalen Hurts, I think he does everything within the realm of what he does. Good. He doesn't try to do anything extra. So I just saw Jalen do what he normally, what he normally does. If it's there, he throws it. If it's not there, he's checking it down. But I was very surprised at how, how poorly he was playing early on in this ball game. He'll go seven, eight games and he won't turn it over look good.


But then he'll go three or four games where he have two, three every game. And this Is, this is the game that you can't do that. No, not not the playoffs. Three turnovers you getting beat. They Were lucky. And I don't mean to be rude, I don't mean to be disrespectful, but you're lucky you're not playing the offensive juggernaut today. Yes. You're not playing the off offensive juggernaut, you know? 'cause listen, scoring 22 points is not gonna beat the de you know, your Detroits, you know, isn't, it ain't gonna Be Minnesota either. Ain't gonna Beat you, ain't gonna be Minnesota either. I mean, as good as your defense is now I'm not, I'm not gonna take anything away from that because the defense played well today as well. But you, you got to put up points. Now who do the Eagles have to face now? They're Gonna face the winner Minnesota, the Rams. Now We talking about two teams that can put up 30 in the blink of a eye. But see the thing is the Eagles are counting on say Yeah, but we're not gonna be in the dome.


So we are hoping that we get the, you know, we get cold weather, we get wind conditions, blah, blah, blah. Because Dome 15, If you playing in Philly, Philly ain't that cold. But the weather 40, 40, 30 degree days, It might be snow. It might be wind. Normally dome teams don't like to come out of those domes. Oh, Then the Lions Play. They build their team Yeah. To play on that fast Ass turf. Yeah. The lions, the lions play well in the cold now. Yeah. The vi play. Well in the cold. Now, even though they're dome teams, if you look at the, if you look at the time that they had to be on the outside, they've been, okay, I'm just saying this, I don't know, moving forward if this type of offensive performance will win Philly a game. It was enough today.


But I don't know, moving forward if it'll be enough. No, it, I mean they won't be, the coaches know that the, all the staff know that. Hell, even the players know that based on who your opponent's gonna be, it, it is gonna be the lines. That's gonna be the Vikings, whichever one. It's, you understand that you can't score 22 points and beat the Vice or the Lions. AJ Brown was caught on the, on camera reading a book on the sideline. It's called Inner Excellence. I think the thing is, it's a situation where, you know, I've got, I've got the channel and not let my emotions consume me because I know I'm good enough to get 10, 11 targets. But here I am with one and I'm halfway through this game.


And so let me calm down. Let me focus on the bigger picture. Yeah. Which is to win this game. Zen, I can't say all I care about is winning and they complain about targets and catches when we win. And I didn't get said targets or catches. Right. So I think it's trying to calm him down. It gets him, like you said, it gets him in a space that he's able to function. Let's and not let his emotion, not let his emotion run wild. Right. And become frustrated. Become a distraction. And because I think the last thing that Agent Brown wants to do is to become a distraction. Yeah. On a team that has, that has the goods and they're good enough to get, to get to and potentially win the Super Bowl. Right? So, hey, like you said, whatever work floats your boat.


Mm. I had to, I I, I couldn't, I I don't think I was focused on with that game. I had tunnel vision. I ain't wanna talk about no newspaper. I didn't wanna talk about no book. Right. Hell, I don't remember the last time I read a book and I wasn't about to bring one on the sideline because, because them guys was trying. You see, until you do that old show, they, they don't take the the physicality out the game so much. They got guys reading books on the sideline. They, they got guys reading the books on the sideline. Hey, when you aint Ray Lewis and Airlock and Donkeys and all those guys trying to steal your damn cap, you weren't thinking about no book. No at all. At all.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say.


I, I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it, yeah. It was like, do I send the Heart now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's Extremely pink. Listen, Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondents and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'm Nam RK here today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts In the National Hockey League. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 Game NHL Defenseman turned NHL network analysts. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp. How about the sport and all the other things to running it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're just, you're gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we're all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL now You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki, That's sure of Kaza ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast Against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason.


Run The Cowboys. That's bullshit part ways with Mike McCarthy. That's some bullshit. Oh, Joe, who the Dez Bryan signs off sounds off against the Cowboys culture drama. This is what de tweeted. Dan Quinn turned it once, struggling franchise into a playoff contender and won his first playoff game until Dallas focused on winning instead of politics. Cowboys fans should not expect success soon. I'm telling you, this straightforwardly just as I always do. Yeah, Ocho, who's gonna be the Cowboys next coaching?


I dunno who the victims gonna be. I'm not sure. I'm not sure, but I just don't like the way Jerry operates. I don't like the way he operates. There was an opportunity for Mike McCarthy to be able to interview for the Chicago Bear job. You know, Jerry blocked that. He said, no, I'm thinking, well, if you're telling me no, Mike McCarthy should be upset if you're telling me no, I can't go in interview for the job, I'm thinking you're going to retain me and discuss a long-term contract at some point. What was the point of even doing that? Just to show that you're in control. Just to show your power. Just to, just to, Yeah, that's what it was. You knew he wasn't ocho he knew he wasn't bringing Martin McCarthy back. But no, I'm not gonna let you interfere with, I'm not gonna let you interview with the Bears on your timeline.


It's gonna be on my timeline. What's the point? What, What, what's the point? We know you're in control. Control. We know you're the owner. We know that the season eight isn't even in and you're still making headlines based on your decision making. That's at making absolutely no sense. Let the man go. You know, you didn't want him to begin with because if you wanted him, you would've paid him before the season even started, or paid him in season instead of, instead of allowing him to finish out his contract. Like, what, what are we doing? But here's the thing, remember when they lost, they lost a couple of times in the first round. They thought they kept Dan Quinn. Dan Quinn really stayed right, because he thought he was gonna get the job.


Then off the side, Jerry kept bull driving, said, man, let me go on out here and get me a job. You bull driving. And guess what? Yeah, Bobby Wagner was available. He ain't had no blind backer like Bobby Wagner B Wag. Look at that. Know that defense. No, Dan Quinn's defense. Now Kendrick's played well, yeah, but B Wagner's a different animal. But see, Jerry is gonna be Jerry, he gonna hire Coach, then he gonna tell you who to hire. Well, this gonna be your defensive coordinator. This gonna be your offensive coordinator. I have a question. Go ahead now. Ahead. I've seen reports I tweeted out earlier today. You know, I was just thinking just, I, I just threw it out there like, you know, I ain't, I ain't talked to Prime, you know, I'm just thinking, well, let me see.


Mike McCarthy's gone and I'm thinking about Prime, you know, obviously, you know, I'm not, not trying to disturb no trouble. And then soon as I tweeted it, three hours later they go to reports. Jerry Jones reached out to Deon Sanders about the opportunity, Deon Sand. He, he was intrigued, you know, but he loves what he has in Boulder as far as his team and his roster. And I, I just, I I just, I just listen. When an opportunity like that comes along, when an opportunity like that comes along, do you let it pass you by? Do you let it pass you by? I know Deon said I would love to coach my sons. I doubt probably, I'm not sure where Dallas is picking, but Shado Sander's not gonna be there. He's not gonna be there unless they do something extravagant and climb the ladder.


Climb the ladder and go get, go get a quarterback. I, I doubt it. You know that they have that. I'm Just talking, I'm just speaking hypotheticals. But I'm just saying for the opportunity to actually coach at the highest level where you dominated, where you made your Hall of Fame career, man, do you really pass some up like that? What do you, what do you think? Oh, you do, But look, no Ocho look, we know Jerry, Jerry is right. Anau, author authoritarian. It's Jerry. Well, no way he feel, I heard Troy tonight said he don't believe the cowboy job is as coveted.


It's I profile, but it's not coveted. He says, because coaches can't become who they are and what they can become because of Jerry. He says Dan Campbell is not gonna be Dan Campbell in Dallas like he is in Detroit. Andy Reed would not be Andy Reed into Dallas like he is in Kansas City. That should tell, that should tell. Think about it, Jerry. You continue to do things your way because you want the credit. Sometimes you don't realize how great things can be if you don't care who gets the credit. But Jerry cares and therein lies his problem. He's always carried. That's why he fired Jimmy. He won't ever admit it.


It drove him crazy that everybody missing Jimmy. And he got no shine. So he fired a man back. Let that sink Chad, let that sink in for a second. 'cause I don't think you guys realize what, what I'm about to say here. He fired Jimmy after back to back Super Bowls. And his oldest superstar was Michael Irving at 28 years of age. His oldest superstar was 28 years of age and he fired it. Now, first ballot, hall of Famer and Troy Eggman first ballot Hall of Fame, all time leading Rusher and Emmett Smith.


Michael, we got in on the second ballot and they had that team together. What? They won another one they missed that year. They went and got Prime and they won another one. But had they had Jimmy, that's when Jerry started. They were, they won in spite of J Jerry. That was the, that's how good that 95 team was, right? They were in spite of Jerry. But had they kept Jimmy, what? You see the Patriots did You think they could ran that? Think about what they had. Emmett Smith, Emmett came in with me. So Emmett left early. So 93 Emmett should have been 24.


Troy was 26. Mike was 20, Troy was 27. Mike was 28. Listen, remember what, remember what said in color Purple, huh? Somebody, somebody, until you right by me, everything. You, I forgot what Yeah. Every, yeah. Gonna come back over you. That's what's happening. Nothing has gone good for the Cowboys since that fire. Now you, you made, you made it to the playoffs, you made it, but you always, you always going home. In the first round, Ocho Ocho, Deshaun Watson underwent a second surgery, ah, for a right Achilles rupture.


According to a team statement. Earlier this week, Watson reported to the cross country mortgage campus for an exit physical. As a part of the brown season ending process, he complained of discomfort after rolling the ankle in Miami, MRI results demonstrated a re-rupture of the Achilles, they're normally in a boot for at least three months. What makes this injury so difficult to repair you, to recover from is that when they put you in a boot right, the muscles start to atrophy. You know what happens. Now you got weakness, so now you have to build that calf muscle. Right? Now you have to build all those muscles up, right? Because you can't do anything.


It's not like a, like a, like an ACL ocho. Yes, sir. They get your butt in there the day after surgery, they got you bending that leg, they got you raising it, squeezing that quad muscle, try to get it fired. They're putting stem on it to get that muscle firing. Right? To keep that muscle from atrophy, right? Well, when you're in a boot, there ain't really anything that you can do 62 days after surgery. Deshaun didn't have the boot on ocho, remember we had the conversation. I'm like, why is he reworking his contract when he got guaranteed money? Now we know why, right? Remember I said, oh, Joe, he got guaranteed. Why would I rework my contract? Y'all can't do nothing. He's gonna miss all of 25. He missed a large part of 23.


He missed damn near all of 24. He's gonna miss all of 25. Listen, I, I don't wish injury on nobody. You already know how I feel about Andrews in general. It's, it's unfortunate. I, I've been one who's, who's stood high, you know, and, and hoping that we get the Deshaun Watson of role. This is a setback, you know, for him. It's also a setback for the Browns. I'm, I'm curious to see what the Browns are gonna do at that position, knowing where they pick in the draft. If, if they're able to find someone to, to, to, to, to play the quarterback position. Will you bring a veteran in? Would it be maybe Kirk Hudson? Can Joe f Flaco maybe come back?


I'm not sure what they're gonna do, but man, this is, this is not good for them. It's not good for Deshaun. And, and that's, that's, that's upsetting. Look, when this thing happened, Ocho, I thought what was going on with Deshaun was more mental than physical, right? It was what transpired and then everybody kind of knew or thought they knew. And what was true was that's not our job, right? We're not here to try to read, try anything or say somebody in innocent or guilty. But what we can say is that when people realize and say, damn, all of this, all this, and let's just say for the sake of part, all of it's true. All of it's real.


It's the fact that everybody knows it's the same thing that happened with Tiger. I mean, think about it, Ocho now it's different situation. Allegedly nothing. Tiger didn't, people said Deshaun may did things against the will, but what I'm saying is that with Tiger, people like Tiger, you still playing golf, right? Right, right, right. But it was the fact that they saw him in a different light, right? Yes, sir. Now all of a sudden, he wasn't this wholesome, this family mad father of two. Oh, you a freak? And it messed with him psychologically. Yeah. I mean, he won one more major after that.


After That. You know what that comes from as well? Obviously right now only, are you embarrassed publicly about everyone knowing what, how you conducted yourself away from the game of golf? Yeah. But any, if, if anything, what you could have done is you could have stayed true to yourself, stayed true to yourself. Everybody knows now. So why don't, don't change. Because not only did it change you as a golfer, you were winning majors and playing extremely well and at the, at the height of your game when you were doing whatever it was you were doing outside, outside of the golf course. If you look at guys that have built big, big brands, what have they all been married? Mm. That's what we selling. He's the all American guy wife, 2.5 kids house, white picket fence.


Mm. Go look at the guys that have the biggest brand. Jack Nicholas Arnold Palmer, right? Michael Jordan, Peyton Manning. Tom Brady. Patrick Mahon. You look at Guy Kobe, LeBron James. Yeah, Shaq was ma, go look at the guys that have built these huge brands and what do they all have? The, the loan exception. What's the loan exception? Ocho, Derek Jeter, rock. I talking about people that's building half a billion, billion dollar. You talking some ocho. Oh, whoa, whoa. I I got that Now don't, don't do that. So maybe that's what he was looking at, Ocho. Yeah. The problem is he got married and didn't have his peepee under control and then everybody knew it.


I ocho you don't about to be, I don't want everybody to know I'm a freak. Right? Right. Freak man. Freak man. Yeah. That's me. I want y'all to know that. Yeah, people knew now they look good. Guess what, Ocho You walk to the course, everybody looking at you. Yeah. Bet he I bet Tiger shook. I bet Tiger shook the covers last night. Yeah, and listen, everybody, everybody, everybody on that goddamn course just like him. Every just, everybody don't know about it. See, you see a pretty girl at the golf course I wanna see for Tiger. I bet that's tiger people. You thinking What you thinking Ojo? You think that him? I dunno.


See, I just, I just, I just ojo. We just, we just gotta keep it wet out with you. Yeah, but hopefully Deshaun has a speedy recovery. He's never gonna be the same quarterback again. Ojo. Nah, never. Never. Now it's not really about playing, bro. You in your thirties, you wanna have a normal life. You don't wanna be walking around like Shannon Sharp at 56 and you 35, 33, 34, right? You want to have someone of a normal life. You want to be able to walk without a li hell, you walk with a Olympic at 32 with the hell you think you gonna be a party to 52. 62. Yeah. You damn near need a wheelchair. So now it's about getting a a, a level of, of health back right where you can do stuff.


I don't, I don't know if he, if he wants kids or he is gonna have kids, but you wanna wanna do something with the kids. At this point in time, I'm not even thinking about playing football. I'm thinking about hitting, tackling his rehab, take it as serious as I possibly can and try to heal up and, and to get back. 'cause 2025 is over. You're not coming back. Speedy recovery, The Volume,


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat in this football season. Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Ad Nam Nan Bur here to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deur here, and after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and nan's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let Tabla listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers and the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.