
Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is Mel Reed, LPG Tour winner, and sixth time Lady European tour winner, And Keira k Dixon, NBC, sports reporter and host.


And we've got new podcast, quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower And iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us an iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports. We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast, wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports. I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE Greatest of their Era with Seth Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend and had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters, So you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen To Goat Greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to edition The Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prod bitch. You can make Ond DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to DraftKings Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New draft King customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the rack with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Did You know colon cancer is considered one of the most preventable, yet least prevented cancers when caught in the early stages? Colon cancer has a survival rate of 90%. So screening in early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. That's why the American Cancer Society recommends that if you're at average risk, you begin screening for colon cancer at age 45. And a convenient way to do that is with Cologuard tests. The Cologuard test allows you to be in control of your colon, colon cancer screening through prescription based tests delivered to your door with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. No liquid prep, no days off, no invasive procedures. Plus Cologuard test is affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and a follow up colonoscopy is needed after a positive Cologuard test. This is usually covered by insurance also. So if you're 45 years of order and at average risk, you can ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with a Cologuard test. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at Cologuard dot com slash podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use Cologuard tests. If you have had Athenas have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopies. High risk patients. Cologuard tests in adults 45 to 49 have estimated based on a large clinical study of patients of 50 and older. False positive and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Now is time to welcome Super Bowl champion in 15 games This season he had a pick, a four fumble, two fumble recoveries, four passes defended 80 solo tackles nine tackles for loss, six QB hits from the University of Georgia. Now he was a national champ and now he's a Super Bowl champ. Best's welcome Dean Cole. What's up? What's up? What's up? Hey, how you doing bro? I'm good, I'm good. I can't complain. Super Bowl champ. What's up? What's up, you good? Chilling, chill. Oh, let me go first man. You always go. Go ahead. Listen, listen, I, I wanna know as someone, You know, obviously I, I felt, I felt I was okay in, in the game of football, but I ain't never won nothing.


I ain't gonna lie to you. Listen, I I never won a national championship, You know, in college. I'd never won a school goal. I wanna know what it feels like. I'm sure it was probably a drive, a childhood dream obvious to make it to the NFL, You know, but in a national championship and to win a Super Bowl in such a short amount of time, bro. What that feel like? Tell me what it feel like. 'cause I don't know. I finna say it's surreal in a sense. 'cause it's like, damn, it is. Like, it's something that you kind of work towards all the time. Yes. So, but then like you, you sometimes you be thinking like them losses gonna make you hungry and make you go harder, but them wins and wins. That's it. Gonna drive you differently. Like getting there, getting to the Super Bowl, you win that motherfucker, you celebrate with your guys.


Yeah. And then it's like, it's like you wanna get back. Yeah, you wanna get back. So of course. But nah, it's, it definitely surreal feeling. It is a blessing for sure. Hold On. Yeah, a blessing man. Coleman, I know what you're talking about, Kobe. I know what you're talking about. Man. Ain't nothing like that feeling, man. Hey man, hold oh, Ocho man, That's, that's, that's not necessary. That's not serious. Me and this man, we having a conversation Ocho I'll get back to you in a second. You ain't Playing for the Eagle, Eagle. Why you got the hammer up there? Got hammer, This Super Bowl Champion Super Bowl champ. We having a conversation. Hey, oh, hey Kobe. Kobe, hey, me and you gonna let Whisper because we don't want Ocho to hear what we talking about.


Man, you played Kobe, you played extremely well this year. You was having an outstanding season. You get down. Did You know when you, when when you went down, did You know that the seriousness of your injury? I didn't, I didn't, it felt like my knee just buckled. Ah. And then I got, I, I kind of looked down. I see my kneecap on top of my thigh. Ah, Yeah. So I, I sat down and I, I pushed my kneecap back in and I stand up. I'm like, all right, as soon as I stand up, it popped back out and I push it back in. I'm like, all right, I'm walking off the field. I'm thinking, okay, it's dislocated, gimme a brace. And then it just kind of blew up like a balloon. And I'm like, what the, I'm like, like, damn. But I mean, it is, it is all good.


I mean, I, I had an injury before God got me. I'm gonna be back better than them. Yeah. Right. How, how, how Is re how is rehab going right now? Are you, are you back running? Are what you think your strength, your your, your lower extremities, are they back almost normal? A little bit. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, we getting there. We getting there it is. I'm what, I'm five. We, I'll be five weeks out from surgery. What's up Wednesday. Okay. I'll be five weeks out from surgery Wednesday. So by week six is going, it going to take off. 'cause it, it is a protocol you gotta follow. It is slow in the beginning getting to pick up. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Come, lemme ask you this last year you guys struggled defensively. Yeah. You couldn't get off the field, you couldn't rush the quarterback. You seemingly couldn't do anything.


You bring in Vic Fangio and in one season it's been, it's, I can't remember a time that a defense has done a 180 like your guys, like you guys did. What do you think the biggest difference was between last year and this year's Super Bowl out, lights out. Outstanding defense. I feel like it was a buy-in. It was a buy-in from the guys. I mean, you got, you got Vic who been in the game for a long time. Then you got, well we, we was one of the youngest defenses in the league. So it was like everybody kind of, we, we all looked at each other like we ain't really done nothing. So we just kind of bought in into what he, 'cause Vic kind of came in with like a, a, a older, older head mentality. Like doing ota No nonsense, No nonsense.


So it was like we was, we was doing the, the, at first with Sirianni, like my, my first two years, it was like, You know, OTAs was cool. I mean like they ain't really push us as much. It wasn't as hard. Training count wasn't that hard. And then Vic come, he got us doing conditioning drills, doing OTAs. We like what? But we bought in into it. We bought into it. That's why you see somebody like Jaylen Carter able to play a hundred percent snap. Like you don't really see that from d defensive lineman. So it was just like, and now that we seen it work, I mean shit. Yeah. The sky, sky ain't even the limit for how good any of those guys us could have be, could be on defense. I agree with you. I said that last year.


I felt if Jalen Carter got some shape, I say he has the ability, he has the ability, he has Reggie White potential. I'm not saying he's gonna be that, but you watch him the way he can rush the quarterback, he can bully. Yeah. He can rip. He's tremendous first step. He can stop the run. He has no weakness. It's all in here and up here. And he got himself in shape and he was dominant. Yeah. It, it was definitely, it was, it was great to see. 'cause I've been playing with him since college. So, and JC also got like a, I don't know, you get out there, you kind of see them line would be a little scared of him 'cause he, he come out the gate. Yeah. First for the first nap. And he talking, he talk, they in the, they in the huddle. He, he yelling.


He, he got a little different, different kind of, he got little Screw move up your heart. Yeah. Yeah. He, he talk a little different shit than bg. Yeah. So you can kind of tell that the lineman's killed like he'll, he'll look at a lineman and say, yeah, he's scared. He's scared. He like pointing at him and the lineman just kind of just ain't saying nothing to him. He is like, yeah, You know, he got it. Yeah. That, that's, that's funny. You think about it, most of the time they're not very many officers linemen that really talk back in general. They always, they always, for some reason they always focus, don't really do the trash talking. Especially back to lineman. I used to get myself in trouble during my day because I would talk trash and TV timeout. The, the closest people to me would be the defensive lineman, You know, the TV time. And I'm like going across the cross, the thing in the referee, the back up and my deep, my my left, my left and right tackle would always tell me, Chad, don't wake them boys up.


'cause you ain't gotta deal with them in the trenches. Exactly. Yeah. Don't, don't, don't. Yeah. But I I got a question for you man. What's the toughest part about playing linebacker as opposed to in college and the difference in playing in the NFL? What's the difference outside of the speed of the game? For me, for me I feel like the, the toughest part is I feel like linebackers should be the general on the defense. You should be the one, you should be, you should be the one lining everybody up. Or not necessarily lining everybody up, but kind of like, you should be like the battery pack, right. The, the get everybody going. You, you kind of, we kind of, you the glue in a sense. We like to call ourselves the glue. Like we, we, we run with four three and we bang with three 50.


Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So it was like, I feel like it being linebackers, we gotta be able to do all that. And we gotta also be able to keep everybody kind of, kind of like when JC a a, a chance to get the, get the get the mile from hour. We don't want that 15 yard penalty. I gotta tell em, tell you gotta calm Everybody down. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta you gotta have a, you gotta have the respect from the, the other guys of the defense to be able to even have the green knot and make the cause and everything. And I feel like as a linebacker, you shouldn't like shy away from that. You should want to embrace something like that and go for it. So I feel like that's the toughest part. Not even just playing the game. 'cause see if you could play, you can play. Yeah. How did, how did playing at a program like the University of Georgia, because You know Co Kirby, he came from Coach Saban and coach and Kirby, no nonsense.


You got grind, you gotta a thump. Kobe hey, he ain't no walkthrough prize that you thumping he own he own school. Yeah. So how did playing the University of Georgia prepare you to play and for the Philadelphia Eagles in the NFL? It made me, it gave me that like, that different type of, I'd say give a fuck factor. Mm. Just because, just 'cause it like you playing in somewhere like Georgia, you, I ain't have, I ain't have that NL either. So you ain't have that, you ain't have that money coming in. So you had, you had to be playing, you had to be playing to get to the league or you really had to love it 'cause you, we was banging every day. We was banging every day. And, and it kind of made me grow up and be mature in the sense of No matter what you doing outside of ball, when it come to being in that building, you gotta perform.


And the people inside that building don't care about what you got. Go. Well, in a sense they don't care about what you got going if you ain't performing. Yeah. So it's like, and and Kirby, Kirby told me that early on. 'cause I was, I was big on school, I was an engineering major, so I was up all night. Oh, me too. And he was like, yeah, I was up all night. So he was, he You ain't on the engineering scholarship, Kobe. That's what, that's what Kirby probably told you. What? Well, he, I, I'll tell y'all a story. It was my freshman year. I came in early with spring time and I had first got there. I'm, I'm, I'm out, I'm out late partying with the guys and then I'm staying up late doing homework then like spring practice.


So I'm in the meetings. Those, those all off and off Kirby come to me, he say, You know, man, hey, this is before practice. He say, You know, man, I, I know you, you working hard. You got the engineering, You know, you trying to find your way. And, and, and I know it's hard right now 'cause the defense hard, but I don't give a fuck exactly what he, he said, he said he don't care. He said, Hey. He said, I, when you come out here, I need you focused. When you come in the meetings, I need you focused, I need you up. So, and that kind of, I always remember that if I don't remember nothing else cur told me. I remember that. And it kind of, it helped me through everything with my business and all that. So like they don't care.


They don't care till you make it. I love it. It's a performance based league. Oh yeah, exactly. All that other stuff where you came from buckets of Warren Lombardi, island Trophy, Heisman Trophy. They don't give a deal about that. You better be able to perform or they gonna get your, You know, what about that building. Oh Yeah, most definitely. Hey listen, who are the, who are some of the linebackers bro? You know, obviously I've had players that I look up to and Oxy stu studied and tried to model my game after, before I made the league and tried to do what they did once, once I, once I got there. Who are some linebackers past or present that you studied or model your game after? Well I used to, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm towards the short end. I'm a little bit under six foot.


So I used to look at guys like Eric Kendricks. Mm. Who was a little, he was kind of like unorthodox in the footwork and everything. Of course. Used to look at Ray, I used to look at Dad Brooks. Yeah. Quan who came right before me. I like, 'cause he just like a pure linebacker. He play is like those guys mostly. And I used to stay like Darius Leonard as far as like punching the ball out and everything like that. But of course he had he real long kind of guy. Long, yeah. Yeah. But he real, yeah, I used to study him as far as like getting turnovers, Fred of course.


Just those guys and many more. I used to study safeties too, like Apollo Malu. Yeah. Not like I, I wasn't gonna play safety, but it's just like you, you kind of study the guys that you like to play the game. Like you study James Harrison, even though he was out the edge, he tore my fault. Don't worry, I'm listen, listen. It's okay. It's okay. Hey, I'm gonna whoop him. He you good, you good? I'm gonna whoop him. Go ahead. But nah, I used to stay like James Harry, like the, the physicality of the game and everything like that because I just felt like, I feel like as a linebacker with, with the NFL and the league trying to take some of the physicality out the game. It's it is, it is, it is on us to bring it back, You know, and do it all way. Not trying to get, finding anything like the hip drop.


That's Lemme lemme ask you this Kobe, You taking, you taking all my questions man. Go. What? Go Ahead. Yeah, listen, I got one more question now, now for you, for, for somebody as young as you and I'm, I'm, I'm thinking about just me because I've never won. I've never won anything, You know? So if won so much, so early in life when you got so much left in your career, how do you define success for yourself as a player and a linebacker when you've already won a national championship, you won a Super Bowl already. So what else is left on the plate? Outside of personal goals? Outside of personal goals, you just kind of, you kind of chasing greatness. You wanna, like I said, when you win that, when you win that first naty, you win that first Super Bowl, you wanna keep winning it, it all starts over.


You don't wanna like, okay, okay. I, if I wanna play a a a, a decade in the league, I just finished my third year so I at least got seven more years at the beginning. Every year my goal is to be the best linebacker in the league. Yeah. And to win a Super Bowl, to have the top defense in the league. So, and, and that's kind of what you do with everything to be honest. You set your goals for yourself and you just try to push towards. So I I and I don't downplay 'em, I don't care how many times I did it. If I wanted it, I'm gonna go get it. That's, I like that. Lemme ask you this, the rule now they're trying to get the tush push band. Have you guys been able to stop the tush push in practice? How many times have you guys stopped the Practice? They don't do that in practice.


Y'all know, we ain't doing that in practice. They, I I always joke with some of the old linemen, like, y'all know y'all can't, y'all won't be able to do that against us. I, I always joke against them, but man, look, they, if somebody don't like it, they gonna try to ban it. So I say keep it of course for make 'em stop it. Yeah. For, for bad reasons. For I'm a defensive guy so it was like, I don't care at this point in, in the league, it's not too much stuff. I'm not gonna look at something on the, on the offensive side of the ball and be like, oh, they need to ban this 'cause it's, it is bad football. Like nah, we, we on defense, we gonna figure it out. Yeah. We get paid to stop.


We get paid to stop offenses. We get paid to for them not to score. So we going, we gonna try to figure it out. Yeah. And that's the problem. The people in positions of power don't have the mentality. Like you have other mentality like the players have, You know, especially those in that are part of the competition committee. They trying to do it with stuff simply because you can't stop it, but Exactly. Need To hear nor there. Dynasty repeat. Yeah. Eagles. Yeah. Y'all win the Super Bowl, y'all about to, y'all about to run it back, Like I said at the beginning of every year. The goal is a bowl. It is, It is. Hey Kobe, we appreciate your time man. Thanks for stopping by. Congratulations. Great college career. Great start to your NFL career national Champ, super Bowl champ.


Hey, hopefully we have you back over here again next year and you're back to back Super Bowl champ. Congratulations man. Continued success and speedy recovery Slu. So appreciate you. Yes sir. Appreciate, appreciate you bro. I need something. Them eight to five too. Oh, I got you. Well I got you. I'm gonna send it to you. I'm gonna send it to you. I know how to get in touch with you now. Yeah. Love. Appreciate you Have a good one bro. You too. Kobe Dean. That was dope. That was dope. That was dope. But hey young, hey, hey young boy. Don't wanna, he doesn't wanna Natty. He don't want A-A-A-A-A Super Bowl and I'm here. I am empty handed boy. I, I listen, I want some on Madden, but it's not the same feeling man. Like that kind of made me feel. Yeah, that's kind made me feel bad the way y'all was like, like, like like the, the, the comradery y'all had because both of y'all got a ring.


Look. Oall joke, everybody that, I mean ain't a whole lot of, ain't a whole lot of Heisman Trophy winners in the pro Football Hall of Fame. Ain't a whole lot of Heisman Trophy winners that won Super Bowls. Yeah, it ain't, bro. So you want, you want gotta get you the Heisman Trophy National Champion Rookie of the Year. Super Bowl League MVP Super. Damn. I'm Saying the first pick in the draft. I mean Cam was, look Cam won Heisman National Championship. He's rookie of the year MVP and Win Super Bowl. I mean he pretty good. Marcus Allen. Now Marcus got, Marcus won Rookie of the year.


Heisman National Championship. MVP Su League, MVP Super Bowl MVP. But he's one of the few. It doesn't happen. A lot of, a lot of great things have to happen Ocho for you to have, I mean obviously, You know, su You know, the Heisman t trophy for your team has to be good. But that's an individual award. But once you start getting up to that level Yeah. To have team success. Yeah. Cause one play can ruin it all. But I'm, I'm just saying, But every great hack talking to a young fella, You know, I a dope Georgia boy doing what we do win.


What's up everybody? I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE Greatest of their Era with Seth Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode that's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend and had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just a shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you. There's a fear factor that's associated with anytime you're wide open. Like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands Page of five dirt, four Page is a lead. Okay. Okay. I'm mad 'em, I left them off My list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's So tough. That's why we to have these conversations. Yes. That's why we absolutely. I Love it. Listen To Goat Greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and six time Lady j Beal winner And Keira k Dixon NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all my Miss America by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf apps and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf. They're superpower All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather, McMahon, Amanda Ball Otis. So if you want to keep up with us and here's Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this, something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. Oh, oh. Joe Boise State running back. Ashton Genty will only participate in medical evaluation and team interviews in the 2025 NFL scouting combine.


Yeah. Genty will go through, excuse me, will go through on field drills at Boise State Pro Day. Instead, the 21-year-old is coming off a stellar 22 20 24 season. And with the Broncos finishing second in the Heisman voting Genty led the country in rushing with 2,601 Rush yards on 374 carries scoring 30 total touchdown. You like this? Don't jump God, There. I'm, I'm gonna did it again, but I caught myself. I caught myself real quick. Yes, of course, of course. I like it. There's certain people that don't have to go and perform at the NFL combine in front of all the scouts. You know why unc? Because everything you need to see is on film where it actually counts not shorts and shirts and a pair of cleats.


That don't mean nothing. What does it look like when I turn the film on? What do you give me? What, how do you help my team? I'm gonna start there. How do you help my team when I turn the film on? Do you pop out on film? Yep. He done just that. That's for all 32 team. Now there are team that have running backs and that position is, is solidified already. And they might not need genty, there's no need for him to do anything at the combine that they can't turn the film on and go see for themselves. He had a phenomenal career, especially senior season. There's nothing for him to prove at the combine. Now, what I think that he needs to do is he needs to run a phenomenal 40.


You need to, you need to run a grade 40. Right man. And even you need not to do that. He might not even have to do that. There are very few players that are coming out in the draft that don't need to do anything. Shado Sanders, cam board Travis Hunter, who has decided to do stuff anyway because the listen the film, the eye in the sky doesn't lie. Genty, Abdul Carter and maybe one or two others, but those individuals, they don't have to do anything because the resume speaks for itself and they've already put the film out so there's nothing for him to do in short and shirt in a freaking pair of cleats. So you like him not going, you like him like, okay, let me get to a, a familiar setting.


Yeah. Let me a obviously You know, he going, they going to show that I can catch the ball. I can be a three down back. But I agree. Look, I don't think he has to run. Look at the end of the day, somebody got those 2,600 rush yards. Yeah. Emmy Smith ain't run no four or five. He did. Okay. Yeah. I mean, yeah, you love to have a guy like, I mean normally with the exception of Chris Johnson, how many got AP ran blistering time. But like I want, I need a guy with vision and I need a guy with balance. You need got just that. He got just that. We good. If he can do that And You know what he can play, add this to it and also need a guy with the first man ain't gonna bring him down.


I think the other thing I wanna see him in pass protection because You know what happens Ocho? You put your back in there and he can't protect. They're gonna blitz his ass every single time. Mm. They gonna blitz him. I got to and if you scared, I'm gonna sit you in the quarterback's lap. See, blocking is all about technique and understand. Yeah. Know who you got. Cut the distance down. Make the guy come through you. Because see, the more distance you have, the more he's gonna be doing all this ocho. Yeah. You gotta close it. Right. I'm gonna close that distance eating. If I got you in the A or the B gap, I'm gonna be right there.


Well, you can't do all that. You gotta come through this little gap got me. And I'm gonna tee off on your ass. You just cursed. Well ass. Ain't no cuss word, but, okay. But, but that's, that's what you have to do. Yeah, but I, I think the kid can play. I think the kid, You know, after what we saw last year, ocho from the running backs, the, the, the, the resurgence. Yes. Of that position. You got a 2000 yard rush, a 1900 yard rusher, a couple of guys. That was what? Well over 1200. Now you Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait a minute. Now remember the guys that were over 1200 in the 2019 yards Russia.


These are the leak backs. These are upper echelon backs in the N nfl. These ain't just no antibodies. Now give The gimme, gimme the, gimme the top 15 back because there are a lot of guys that, I mean that was, that was way up there, huh? No, no. The this year's the top. You gimme the top rushers. Oh yeah. It's What you got.


Boy ashes Lord have birthday for somebody know so much about computers. True. Ain't no wifi. That the wifi dies. The wifi dies. The wifi phone. I don't see nothing. Joe Mixon, Najee, Harris, Rico, Donald Tony Pollard, James Connor, Bucky Irvin, Aaron Jones, Cuba, Hubbard, I mean are those elite backs? Because you told me it was just the elite. You said they all went over a thousand. Unc Joe Mixon went over 1,014 games. Unc A lot of these guys went over thousand yards and 15 and 16 games.


Jonathan Taylor had 1400 yards in 14 games. Are we, Are we, are we set, are we setting the bar for greatness at a thousand yards? Now I'm saying the running back has had a resurgence, remember? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. They weren't taking even running backs in the first round. Right, right. Didn't nobody, the mere fact that Derrick Henry went for $8 million, what did that tell you about the running back position? They, Joe mixing got released. Yeah. What does that tell you? Yeah, they, They don't value the running back position, but obviously these players went to places where they were used correctly, where they were used the right way. Where they saw value in what they were able to bring to that team and that offense. They had what, 1, 2, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. They had five guys. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 guys rushed for at least 1400 yards.


Yeah. Another guy Josh Jacobs had 1300. Yeah. Kyron Williams was a yard short of 1300. And then you had like five guys that go over 1100 and then you had another, You know, and Joe, so you had 15 guys, Ocho they go over at least a thousand yards Now look a thousand yards. Stop a thousand yards. Was the measuring stick ocho when it was 12 games? Yeah. That's what everybody was excited about. Right. And even when it went to 14 games, it's like, okay, now you doing something right now, You know, it's, it a little luster has left the thousand yard OCHO because if you average it out, that's like 60 yards, a little over 60 yards a game.


So when it was 12, if somebody got a thousand yards, You know, he put it worked. It Worked. Yes sir. Even when you went to 14 games. But the, the, the running back has had a resurgence, You know, and we talked to James Cook who was, had to call and the running backs like, hey, we need to get this thing back to respectability. The running backs. We did a whole lot part, and for the most part they did it. Bijan Robinson had old 14, had over 1400 yards. Derek Henry had a 1900. It's the first time a 1900 yard rusher did not lead the league in Russia.


Just go to show you what type of season Seon had. Oh, Joe Aisha Curry says her marriage to Steph comes before the th four kids. I think for us, our relationship always comes first then we're parents. Yeah. And that works for us because then you have two happy people raising kids in a house. So family sector in our lives always comes first. Don't you like dislike you see, you understand. Hey, listen, I I don't, I don't, I don't know the rules of marriage. I don't know the rules of marriage, You know, and or the guideline or the rule book and, and, and as a wife on the way you're supposed to conduct yourself and the way things are supposed to go.


But I'm assuming if Aisha Curry is saying it, that is the way it's supposed to go. Now my grandmother's no longer here to, to correct me if I'm wrong. My mother is no longer here to correct me if I'm wrong. So for me to be able to answer that question, I I'm, I'm assuming that's the way things are supposed to go. Always husband first and kids after that. Yeah, a lot of, a lot of, a lot of therapists say that. Go ahead. Okay, now I I was just, I was just, I was just gonna ask you, I've seen many scenarios. I'm not sure if you've seen 'em on Twitter before. If, if, if, if the, the, your wife is in trouble and your child is in trouble, You know, who do you say first?


I've seen many scenarios like that and, and it, this, this almost sound not sound similar to that, but how Aisha is picking the husband first, You know, in general in any scenario. And the kids Come unified front. Okay. Okay. I, I mean look to each his own. Look Ocho I I I do my very best to stay outta people's homes. Right. Their relationships, how they do things, because a lot of people, You know, a man, I can't believe you did that to your daughter. I can't believe that's how you was, but that's how I was, that's how, that's my home. That's how I raised, that's how I brought my kids up. So somebody else, I, Hey, I believe that's, that, that's a great way to do things.


We, we first we gonna make sure we are happy then we, if we are happy, everything is unison with us. Right. The kids gonna be going to be Gucci. Yeah. So, so, But obviously some people say no, the kids first kids come first. Well, I know my, I know my girl. My, it wasn't no kids first. It was PopPop first. Right. Oh, so so he, he ate even back then. Even that, that's the traditional way. Hell Yeah. Okay, okay. Hell yeah. What Barney, Barney ate first. Right? He got what he wanted to watch. And now he, we watched what he wanted to watch. Now as the girls got older, my aunts and 'em got older. They ain't wanna watch the news all night.


Right. So when he come home, we already know we had to turn the tv. Right. So he be home, they come sit down and You know, he like, he wouldn't turn. They get up and go in the room. All right, come back. Y'all can watch what the hell y'all want. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Ain't nobody wanna watch no Ron Conki and David Brinkley, but watch those news all night. Right. But You know, as you get older on your, that's, he wasn't interested in anything else. I mean, he used to love Westerns Western when I was a kid or so the westerns were good. Yeah, that was good. Gun smoke and all big, You know, I think Big Valley was another one, but yeah, that's the way my grandfather and grandmother was. My granny came first to him.


Obviously Bar Porter came first and everything. And the kids came next. Right. Next. That's, that's how it was. It wasn't no, if you ask papa something and he said no, you go ask Granny. No, no, no, no, no. Well you got killed for that. No, that don't work that. Listen, that, that ain't work. When I, when I was young. Now there, there would be some times when I asked my grandma something and then she suggests, how about your go ask your grandfather? But if she's not gonna say no and think I'm finna turn around and go ask my grandfather, man, please not in that household. She already just say go, go ask your go, ask, go, ask, go, ask, go ask your papa.


And the funny thing is she, because you Wasn't gonna say, she wasn't gonna say Yeah, nay anyway. Yeah, it's him. He, he Had, he gonna say no anyway. And if he said no, that was the end of it though, Joe. Is It? You might run to like, man can't do nothing. What? Say say that. Under who? Under who? Brad? Yeah. Okay. Bad boy. Hey look here. He quit. My grandfather told my aunts all the time. He said Don't rumble and stay grumbly leave. He said, tell me what I'm more for. I am at your place. Yeah. Don tell me ain't no I'm a no good. You know what, at my place, get your on. I ain't, I ain't want no problems because I ain't had no ocho.


You gonna love this one. Ocho this was, I, I made sure I picked this especially for you. Hold on, hold on. Hold, hold Joe, you get comfortable. There was a, there's a v there was a woman. She got married. Okay. She's vegan. Oh. The wedding was all vegan. Take a look After her family ordered pizzas. Instead of eating her $15,000 Vegan wedding catering bride shared on Reddit that her and her now husband have been vegan for the past three years. So it only made sense that they have an all Vegan wedding reception wedding came around. Everything was going according to plan until the bride noticed that her brother, Tom was not in his assigned seat. During the reception. 20 minutes later, Tom returned carrying 20 boxes of pizza with his cousins and distributed it to the guests saying that it was real food.


Don joke, hold on that now that, that's the bride fault. That's the bride fault. If you're having a wedding and you're inviting people to a wedding, you have to appease the people at the wedding. If everybody at your wedding isn't vegan, you can't force me your vegan food. Whether you pay $15,000 for it, $15,000 for it or not. And if you spent 15,000 on vegan food, you use a food, excuse my language, I apologize, I apologize to the, to the couple. You don't spend no 15,000 on the food because you, you, you invite people, you send out the, you send out, what do you, what do you call it? You send out the invites, right? Invitations. Yes. Invitations. You make calls and ask who eats vegan?


Who is vegan and wants a plate of vegan food. Those who are not vegan, that listen your price. You might have spent a thousand dollars there. That if that's the case. Yeah. Because ain't nobody gonna eat that best with you and your husband. Exactly. That's the whole point. Only a select few people are gonna be vegan that are coming to your wedding. So how you gonna force everybody to eat something that they're not? That's not how you conduct yourself at a wedding. When you get married, you gotta appease your guest. What do you do for, I think to paying yourself is on your, you gotta have a look. I, I don't start, I I ain't tell you I ain't been to one. I ain't never been to a wedding reception. You ain't never been to wedding. So I couldn't tell you what to have. But you probably, you probably see this is why, this is why we going before the justice of the peace and that way we go there, time out, time out, time out.


But if you get married, boy, I need your ceremony, boy. It's justice of the peace. I'm trying to catch the, what you call that thing. They throw back the bouquet. I'm trying to catch the bouquet. What you talking about? I need to say, listen, I know when you get married, I already know who it is. I know who it's gonna be. Yeah. Yeah. I I wanna be there. Nah, I ain't spend, look, first of all, I ain't spending that kind of money. Whoa. Wait, wait a wait a minute. You don't have to, you could have a wedding for $10,000. I could have a wedding for, I could have a wedding for 2 75. The justice of a piece, but Huh? We listen, you need people wanna see that. You got family, you got family. You got me, My brother, my sister, my mom, my kids, her brother, her sister, her his, her mom, her 15 people crowded in the courtroom.


Forgot about the Nightcap team. You forgot about the Nightcap moderators. You forgot about the fake of Nightcap. Only these people wanna see Up. Y'all gonna see it On the phone? Yeah. Nah, nah, I need something. Well, if you go to the justice court, peace, you just throw it in court. You throw the bouquet in court, then I'm gonna catch it in there. Well, well I I guess they throw something else. They throw a guarder. What, what else they throw? They throw something else. Well that's so they throw that's For the women, ain't it? Well what, well who throw the garner? Oh, that's for the men? Yeah. Which one is for The men? Ah, nah, nah, nah, nah. No. Ain't nobody throwing nothing. What you mean? Ain't nobody throwing nigga?


Throw the bouquet. You can't throw the bouquet in the ju in in, in the justice in the courthouse. Yes you can. If it, it never been nothing before you could do it. Hell, I couldn't celebrate when I was playing, but I still did it, didn't I? Listen, I'm gonna catch the bouquet and the guard. I'm catching both of 'em. Why you wanna ke you already gonna be married? Who You To? Who? I don't know. Yeah, too. Yeah. I don't, I don't know. I, I don't know either. I got, I got, I I got an idea. Me too. I do too. Yeah, please. Yeah. But look, like I said, I don't, I guarantee your idea wrong.


I don't know what the, the protocols are for wedding. Yes sir. I don't know if you try to like, You know, I mean if you going, if you come to my wedding, expect the seafood ain't gonna be nothing there 'cause I'm allergic to it. Right. So if y'all come, you think y'all eat crafter and, and lobster. Lobster crab legs, scallop shrimp, oysters. It ain't going, it ain't happening like that. Right. You Right now. Y'all have some, some barbecue. I like barbecue. We gonna have some oxtails. You gonna get messy. So, Hey you, hey babe, go ahead and take your dress off because It's gonna get crazy. We Oxtails, but Lemme tell you, lemme take, lemme tell you something, lemme tell you about my wedding.


See, my wedding is, it's gonna be, it's gonna be a melting pot of different cultures and ethnicities foods. Okay? So Whether you Haitian, you, you, you, you're Latino, you're Jamaican, you're Bahamian. It's gonna be, it, it's gonna be a little bit of everything, man. I ain't paying extra for all that. Huh? I ain't paying extra for all that. No, you got Ain't you ain't had pay for. You ain't gotta pay for it. I already got the caterers. Already got the caterers and they doing it yet they doing it out outta love, outta love for me in Nightcap. Okay. That my, my wedding theme is the Nightcap wedding and we going stream it live on Nightcap.


No, what you mean? But $15,000 for all vegan food. That's Ridiculous. Come on. That's ridiculous how you, first of all, You know your family, You know your family don't get down like that. She did that on, You Know, your family don't get down like that, don't you? I know my, I know what my fam for the most part, I know what my family eat and what they won't eat. So why would I bring something that just me and my wife would eat? Right? I already know my kid not eating that. Right. My sister, my mom, my brother, they not eating that. My homeboy not eating that. So now we spend 15,000 or whatever we spend for the food, then it's going to waste. You know what, she spent 15, she spent $15,000 thinking about herself.


Not nobody else. They About serving, Thinking about not to guests. I'm thinking about the guests. I'm thinking about the people. I want to have a good time at my wedding. There's a reason why I'm gonna have a live band. There's a reason I'm gonna have Kiki Wyatt singing. And there's a reason I'm gonna have Brian McKnight singing. There's a reason why I'm gonna have, You know, I got another surprise. I don't want to tell nobody. Huh? There's a reason I'm having different dishes from different ethnic ethnicities and backgrounds at my wedding because I want everybody to enjoy they self. Well, there's a reason why I'm gonna have a karaoke machine with a tell with a $5,000 prize.


Where sing the best song. Well, you need to have my oysters. I need you to have fried squirrel. Come on. I need you to have baked raccoon. I'm gonna have that. I need you to have bull dick and onions, bull dick and onions. I would need, I need to have some of that. A oxtails pigtails, Turkey necks pig. Hey listen, I can have, I'm gonna have, I'm gonna have three of those. I'm gonna have three. I'm gonna have 3, 3, 3 3 of 'em. Country meals right now. I can't give, I can't give 'em all. 'cause you can't take up all the room. I have chicken feet. I'm gonna have a section for you. Don't worry about it. I got you. Chicken Feet. I Like, I like chicken feet. I like chicken feet.


Oh, that was funny. Hey, they talking about boo. What? Y'all better? Y'all better wake up. Boo What? Boo nigga and onions. Hey, that was funny. That was funny.


What's up everybody? I'm Trayvon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE Greatest of their Era with Seth Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend and had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When You have a scouting report and you're on the the list as not just the shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you. There's a fear factor that's associated with anytime you're wide open. Like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page of five dirt. Four page is a lead. Okay? Okay. I'm mad at my left 'em off my list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes, that's absolutely. I love it. Listen To Goat Greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and round up of the week's top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this. Something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you, if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all my Miss America, by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle We, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Y App, tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet please with Mel and Kera, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Yes, Sir. Ocho. Yeah. Scientists have discovered that cock roaches milk is four times more nutritious than cow's milk. So they, they lie. This milk contains protein crystals, rich and essential amino acids. Energy dense nutrients. Making it a potential food source. I never know They lying. They Lying. All my bro. I'll be like Mr. Gray, I'll be like Mr. Glass. Hey, they lying. Like Samuel Jackson. Every time I take a step inch Break. Yeah. I ain't drinking no Cockroach milk A answer me this. Huh? Answer me this. Yes. How do the scientists know? Who do they do to test on? Don't, don't tell me about you ran the test on lab rats and compare lab rats drinking Cockroach milk compared to the lab rats drinking regular milk and using that as your scientific study to say that Cockroach milk is more better or is better in any way.


Man, if you don't stop playing, stop playing with us. Stop playing with us man. Ocho, It's 2025 now all of a sudden, Cockroach milk. Yeah, roaches. Okay, well I tell you what Ocho, we gonna get us a show. UNC and OCHO eats first place we going, we going down south. I know this place. Bull dicking onions, me and you. Now You know what it, and one, one thing about it. I'll try anything. I won't try the dick. Well, I know you bull. I eat the bull. That's what I'm talking about. I like this. I'll do anything once. Nah, I ain't tried no Cockroach milk. Man. Ain't nobody Come on. Huh? Come on, come on. I would happen. Oh wait, wait a minute. What happened if you on the show?


Fear factor. Fear Factor. Fear factor. You, you ain't gonna try it? Nope. I ain't going no fear factor. I'm glad, I mean, I, I remember fear factor. There are some things that I could eat right. Like them raw, raw stuff. But I ain't eating no cockroach. I ain't eating no bugs. Ugh. Oh. Now listen, now Ants chocolate covered ants is a delicacy in some, in some, They ain't have no chocolate. They ain't have no chocolate? No. That it, they was eating. Oh, I, yeah, that was just the bug. Ah, nah. Hell Nah. I'm just, I'm just saying I've traveled to some countries where Frog legs. Frog legs? Yeah. Covered Ants. I, I've had frog legs. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. So you frog Legs, pigtail chicken feet, chicken necks.


Yeah, I've had all that. Okay. Mild oysters, hogs and cattle. Yeah. Yes. I've had Turkey. Yeah. Turkey oysters. You didn't know Turkey had oysters, didn't they? Turkey, Turkey balls. There was this place, there was this place in Greeley, outside of Greeley called Bruce's. And they was famous for mountain oysters. And they had 'em all, they had Turkey, they had cow, they had hog and You know, Hey, Hold on. So, and you eat, you eat chilis too, right? No. Hell no. Oh, here you go. So you eat frog legs. You eating all this stuff. You naming, but you won't eat chitlins. They stink too bad.


What you mean? If you have someone that knows how to clean chitlins, right? There shouldn't be no problem with you eating them. That's a lie. Chitlins stink. Oh. When they're clean correctly and cook correctly, they do not smell. They do smell. And I don't want them. So I, I eat them all. I eat them all. Hold on. So frog lays in stink Pig feet don't, I don't know. Pig feet dont stink. Hey, we No. Oh bad. I mess with pig feet. I go to, I go to say, Hey, we go to Costco and get that big old jar right now. I ain't go get 'em. Yeah, but I'm saying they stink though. They stink the same way. Chitlins stink Chitlins. Oh my goodness. Hey Uncle, at some point you're gonna have to evolve.


Now we just talked about this at the top of the year, I'm a father. You Said in 2025, you gonna try new things first. Listen, two things, two things I need you to write down for me. Okay? Two that you're gonna do before the year ends. You gonna try chitlins and you go eat some As. Okay? Gimme the chit list. Gimme a plate of a five pound bucket. Gimme a five pound bucket. Bad you, you, you outta gas on that one. Ocho. Gimme the bucket of chit lists. Okay? Okay, let's take one off the list. Chitlins and at least sucking toes missionary with crushed ice. Shed links.


Come on. You gotta live, man. I'm telling you, you not gonna make it like this. You talking about getting married. Ain't nobody marry you at the justice center if you ain't sucking no toes. Ocho, you give Miss B nasty my number yesterday. You see me, Ms. Be nasty. Oh, oh, Oh, oh. You know what? I, I, I forgot it. I'm gonna send it to her. She in the chat When she's, she. Yeah. Miss be nasty, she commented. You heard me? What she say? She looking for you, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Don't be scared too. Now. This is your time, unc. This your time to shine. Hey, you talking about Super Bowl? This, this is your Super Bowl in life. This your real is your Super Bowl. Hey Unc. What's up? What, What's really going on?


Where Your world sparks at? I need you to get about, take four of 'em things. You hear me? Unc? Don't let us down. Don't let the chat down. Oh Lord. There y'all go. Don't let the chat down, but you Hey, you and me be nasty. I'm telling you. And now that, man, that's a movie you can make right there, boy. Man. Y you, you'll be off one. Ojo. Hey, I got ojo. Hey y'all, you blushing too. Look how you blushing. Blushing man. Man, you try to get me, you tried to get me kicked off a, a, a YouTube. We encouraged, we, we just got, we we just got back in YouTube. Good crisis. We didn't curse. We didn't say nothing bad. We just, we just said Ms B nasty.


She sent a message to you yesterday. So I responded to her message and said, I can send you his number, sis. Now, I didn't wanna be disrespectful and just give her your, give her your number without your consent or the green light. But right now you can let the people know on the, on the chat. You can let her know if it's okay. Now, if you consent to me sending her your number, then so be it. Or I could just tell her, sis, slide in the DM slid in the D and he'll respond. You need Jesus. Oh, we need to go to, we need to go to Bible study. Oh, this Is, Hey, I just got baptized last week 'cause the, the, the last one was wearing off. So I know I'm good now. I done everything in my life. Done reset.


Well, it wasn't in salt water because them sins ain't float away. Oh, well that, that's why, that's why I asked for Ginnings. I asked, I I I repented. Man, Man, I wonder what somebody was talking about Miss B nasty. Oh yeah, yeah. That you, you done come. You, I already know. I should have known you was rat smack dab in the no middle of some bull drive. No, it, it wasn't me. Unc. Listen, she saw a picture of you. BET posted on top of the, of the picture of you. You were sharp too. Now. You were sharp. Now I ain't gonna lie to you. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You know, little so up I threw off. Cast is sharp. She, Oh, I saw your boy Coleman Dominguez too. Yeah. Hey, that's, hey, that's my uncle. That boy. Oh, he put that, he put that issue on too.


He, Hey, he put it on now at, at, at, he does a different level. Now I need, I need to go to those type of places. Red carpet events where I can, I can put that, that type of attire on. But I don't go nowhere like that. But listen, she wrote something on top of the picture. 'cause you were sharp. Now, I ain't gonna lie to you. At 10 of 10, you was a 10. She said, I don't wanna say what she said, but I went on top of the message and said, listen sis, I can see his number if you need be. I ain't see it. And I left it at that. It's up there. Chat. Send it to him. Somebody please send it to him. Yes, please. Yeah. Y'all send it to me. Yeah, yeah, yeah. She wants you all. Listen, it's 2025. Y'all been going at it for two years now. You might as well make it happen.


Y'all make a good couple too. Boy, you man, look at, You know what, man? I ain't gonna never be able to live that down there. I Just want you to live a little bit. That's all I want You to. I ain't never be able to live that a lot, man. You know how many people just, I mean, Hey that, hey, that neon nick Killed me thing. They, They killed, they were killing me at the show. Hey, That was funny boy. I I, we posted that on my story. Oh. And have mercy. Listen, I, Hey, I'm the best wingman you can have. Huh? I wanna see you happy. I Want Chad. Y'all think I'm gonna ever be able to live this down chat? Yeah. Yeah.


Not as long as I'm here. And I, You know, I know you like it too, uncle. 'cause you've been blushing for the past 20 Minutes. Yeah, yeah, I know Man. You don. Poor hustler. You know, you don. Hey, every time I say Miss B nasty, you, you hit that shy guy from the five heartbeats. You know, we play shy brother. Don't. Your woman says a man giving low effort after he sends money for lunch.


Good morning. Good morning. Cash after $30. I know it ain't much but lunch on me, honestly, I'm so over these low efforts. Just keep ing. You don't have to do that. Thanks though. See that, that's, see that's the problem. Just untruthful. She sent it back to her. Mocho. She sent it back to him. Yeah. Yeah. So listen, that's, that's, that's $30 left that she had. She ain't even had 30. She ain't had no money. Well, You know, she might have had money anyway. She might have had money anyway. But again, that comes from the men that come from the men that leave with money. It's easy to attract the women and get what you want much faster when you leave with money. It's, it's very, it's very, very easy. Very easy. That's why most of the men with the money getting all the goddamn women, you hear me?


Because the situation like that, women don't appreciate us man's generosity. Listen, I don't have much baby, but if you hungry here go $30 here, go $30 out my check. I don't make much every two weeks, but I'm gonna give you 30 because I'm gonna make What about this tube steak? Huh? What about this tube steaks? You can eat Tube steak. Come on. Can, can, you can't do that. You can't do that. You can't, you can't approach, you can't approach like that. You, you, that's too, I ain't Finn approach with no money. Oh, okay. You saying money, You think I finna send you money off for lunch? I see what you saying. What? I mean, you, you right uncle, You right.


I mean come after. I mean come on Ocho. I mean that the, I mean, how you open up a conversation and like send money. Well, but aunt, you have to understand everything you, you gonna pay indirectly anyway. So you might as well start off kicking out. I ain't got no cash app. So how I'm gonna get you the money? You, you tell it to come get it. Can I, can I, I told, I told you. Hey listen, lemme tell you something before you go. Remember what my bio on Twitter says? Right? What is it? Let me read it to you one more time. Chad, y'all listen to me. McDonald's is cheaper than therapy and never forget you're paying for sex indirectly.


Key words indirectly. But the word relationship or marriage changes the narrative. Huh? Let, let, let that sink in. I'm not a therapist. I'm not a counselor, but I know what the hell I'm talking about through experience. Nothing in life is free. No In love. Don't pay the bills. That was a good one right there. I need to write, I'm gonna write that down. Yeah, but don't you, I mean, I mean the thing that ticks me off the most is being ungrateful. Yeah. Fuck you. I don't care how big or how small it is. Right? Let know that you appreciate that. It's a good gesture. It's Because I didn't have to, I didn I didn't have to do ish At all.


And, and, and this is what men also men, you gotta understand, no matter how much you want to give, stay within your financial lane. Stay within your financial lane. I don't care who it is. Don't allow these women to be be a salary cap casualty. Stay within your financial lane. If you scroll through her Instagrams, look at her Instagrams. If you look at her pictures and you see that you can't maintain the image that she's trying to portray, keep scrolling. Let It go. Yeah. Keep scrolling. If you can't afford it, go. Don't, don't even send no message. Don't even send No. Oh, Joe, it's okay to win the shop. Yeah, that's it. I mean, when I have no bread, I'm, Hey, I'm looking like, man, I sure wish one day I could go in.


Yeah. The Harry wins or Tiffany or X, y, Z. Yes sir. You look at these women, bro. You know, You know. So she got a Birkin bag, huh? Which is more than you make in three months. Yeah. What she, Yeah, man, stop. Yeah. And matter of fact, even if the Birkin bag ain't real, which it isn't half the time, because you have to, you have, there's a line, there's the line for Birkins. I'm not even gonna, oh, You ain't just walking in no Birkin and get fucking in There buying no Birkin. Anyway, so that's a whole nother story. But fellas, learn to act your wage. It's simple. Learn to act your wage. It's okay. There, there, there, there, there are simple women out there that will enjoy and be happy and grateful that you send them $30 for lunch.


Yeah. Grateful. Now remember, stay in your financial lane. Don't allow these women to be a salary cap casualty. Okay? Act your wage. Simple. Okay. You ain't got it. I ain't got it baby. I'm sorry. I Ain't got it. I ain't got it. And you, they going, they gonna kill you. I thought, I thought you was old high roller. I thought you was a big baller. No, they, They gonna hit you back. I thought you was a real, a real NIA real ninja or I thought you provide. Huh? Don't, that ain't, don't fall for that manipulation. Don't fall for that. That ain't me. I ain't got it. My money jumped funny last week.


Matter of fact, I got it. I got it. And I ain't sending it. You gotta wait till the interest rate come down right now. The interest rate's a little high right now. The interest too high. I gotta wait till the interest rate drop down. Hold on. Once you get under 3%, I'll let your boy, hold On. I'm gonna write you a check. But don't cash it till this date. Now you Put cash it check put in there. You put in there too Early. The money ain't gonna be there March 2nd, 20. Never. That's what I'm gonna post j check for. That's where you could cash it, man. I can also say, I don't know, the last time I wrote a check, don't you check this one out.


And That's funny. A woman, Susan, fertility, a fertility clinic after an embryo mixup led to the birth of another child, another couple's child. Hmm. There's a lot of misinformation swirling. So it's important to note the woman Christina Murray is suing the clinic over distress. Not because the child was black, but because she loved the child she gave birth to and was forced to surrender him to the biological parents. Ah, I understand. So she had to surrender the child that she thought was hers to the biological parents. So where's her child? I want, I I, that's what I wanna know. This, this is a story. The story's not finished because where's her actual child?


Or, or, or I'm or am I tripping here? It was never implanted. Oh lord. So she, she had the right to soup. So her egg, her egg was never implanted in somebody. They had implanted the right, her egg was never implanted somebody else. Egg was implanted in her. Oh, so her egg never got implanted. Oh. Someone else's egg got implanted in her. She carried it to term, birthed it. And obviously she's like, damn. Oh, okay. It is what it is. I love it. And they say, nah, you gotta get that one back.


I You acting like, hey, just like it's something at the grocery store here. Bring the receipt and return it. Yeah, I mean that, that, I mean, I can imagine. I mean, you give birth to a child. I mean, you give birth to the child, you not thinking that something happened. You carry that for nine months. I mean, but I would just getting your back hurt. Yeah. Heartburn. Yeah. Nauseous. Yeah. I, and I, I understand her frustrations and listen, I'm not saying I don't know what it's like to be a woman and to carry a child, but I've, I've had kids, I've had, I've had many of them and I've been there through the, the tedious process of it for month one to nine. And therefore after, so I understand and understand how she feels and the connection she has with that child.


Not just when the child was born, but from month one to nine. So I, I kind of, I I empathize with her. I understand her reason for suing and You know, I think money, money, it, it might cure it. It might cure depending on how much it gets. Yeah. Hey, I mean, the thing is, I mean, you look at it o y'all be like, well damn, I don't, that ain't, I said tall, dark, and handsome, but I mean, y'all took this literally. And so I, I I, yeah, I, I could imagine, I, I could imagine she was, she was, she was upset because she thought, Hey, she's gonna have, she had a child, right?


She was gonna love the child as if it was o on 'cause she thought it was, and then boom. So Yeah, Hopefully, I don't know if she can do it, have it again or she can get the egg implanted or, or her, her egg. I don't know what's happened to her. Maybe it's in a lab somewhere. But hopefully the situation gets rectified where she's able to have a child of her own. Most Definitely.


What's up everybody? I'm Travon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE Greatest of their Era with Seth Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend and had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just the shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you. There's a fear factor that's associated with anytime you're wide open. Like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands Page of five. Dirk four page Is elite. Okay. Okay. I'm mad on, I left 'em off my list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen To Goat Greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this. Something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to save warmer Miss America, by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, go Hope isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle We, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with me and Kira and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women Sports.


Alright, o show. It's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and Eight. Well we finna go already, but I'm feeling good tonight boy. I done had me adapt too. I'm not getting off. Listen, I ain't getting off. Ask all Do one more. Do one, do one more segment. Do something. We doing a segment right now. Q and a Aaron? No. Says I was looking at my dad's fraternity paddle and I got flashbacks of the worst whippings I ever got. That's the worst whipping you guys ever received. Oh. Oh that's key. That my, my my worst whoop one I'll never forget. Yeah. My grandfather had a a powder blue diesel, diesel Mercedes similar to like the S 500.


Obviously they weren't that big. It was, it was the diesel kind. They done went to church, they done went to church and left me to do the chores in the house. They didn't even make me go to church while I decided to get in the car. We had the iron gate, the old iron gates back in the days. Huh? The old iron still. I tried to pull the car out to wash it. There was no need for me to pull the car out the driveway to try to wash it while the wife in got caught on the edge of the gate. The wife in got caught on the edge of the gate. So I'm thinking got caught or you drove over the gate? No. No. The edge, no, the fender. No I, I was going out back but I was just too close to the side. The right fin got caught, caught on the edge of the gate.


So I'm thinking oh, it's cool. I don't know how to drive. I don't have no license. I, I'm about 13, 14 I think maybe if I keep going back it a freak car. You pull The Bump off? Nah, I told the goddamn damn right fol. Huh? And it's, it's Sunday. It's Sunday. They came home. I got tow up twice and here I am, I'm screaming. My granddaddy got me peeing. He holding me by my wrist. So I came go nowhere and I'm trying to run his circle so I really can't go nowhere. So he tanned me up and he talked me, You know back then when every time they lick you they talking. I told yo, You know what, not to be out there touching stuff. You ain't got no better touch. You supposed to be in the house, You know, trying to say.


Right. Yeah. So after he finished who you think next McGraw, your Grandma got you. I'm like it's y'all coming from church and y'all acting like the devil so something ain't right. So I ain't never, I ain't never gotta be like that ever again. I ain't never touched them people car. I ain't never touched my grandma. My granddaddy car after that ever again. The worst whooping I ever got. Yeah man, my man Ocho, we went, we was going fishing, You know granted say we going fishing. Yeah. Okay. So You know what I do Ocho, I go in the ditch, I dig the baits got me a cut me a milk jug.


Yeah. Cut In half, cut the top of it off. Got some ocho I got, I got, I'm talking about I got, We call 'em Red Wiggles. Okay. Red wigs. Yeah. Night crawlers. Jumping jacks. Jumping jacks. Well wasn't red wigs, there was jumping jacks. They call 'em night crawlers jumping jacks Ocho. I'm the only one. It was me. Spanky, Arne, Eugene Lanny ain't nobody else dig no baits. Right. Nobody dig no baits. So we go fishing, we the You did all the work. I did all the work. Okay. I did all the work Ocho, I got my baes. I'm feeling good about myself. Yeah. I got my cane pole.


My grandfather had already bought, bought, bought us a cane, bought me a cane pole probably about three weeks earlier. Got my cane pulled, got my, got my red, my orange stop on it. I'm good to go. I would, I will kill them today Ocho. So we get there, get to the place Granny say hey, hey boy, gimme them bates. Huh? Well gimme them Bates. No Barney no. That boy say he ain't gonna gimme no bait. Hold on. You said no. I said no ocho Lord have mercy.


And I know because Granny Billy tattletale, she better tattletale long as I've known her. Right. Man, granny say Barney, I asked that boy for them baits and he said no Lord have mercy. Ocho. Yeah. I was just like, I was trying to explain to her. I say see pop, see pop, pop. He said let see what type of ass you got man. Ocho Ocho I couldn't have been no more than Ocho.


I probably was about five or six. Man Ocho the thing was he, I was trying to do what you gonna do because he had me by the rib but I couldn't run because he was he happy off the ground Ocho. That just beat me. Roger look like Ocho. Hey Hold on man. You done made me fall out my damn chin man have hurt my back man. God man. Oh man. Ah shit Hurt my back man. Ocho man that joke to me up so good man. But Ocho, I ocho I was so ocho, I was so hurt. Ocho ocho you, if you have saw how many baits I had ocho I guarantee you I had baits.


If we could have fished for, for three, four days, I would've have run outta bait. So Joe, man. Oh But I, I already knew Pop was kind of like chill or Les grader said Barney, You know that boy, You know that boy them boys did this Barney. You know that boy said that that. But my brother got the worst whipping two times. One time it was my fault when I sent the field on fire the next time, the next time it was his fault.


Ocho. We sitting out there, we let it feel it was dry to ocho. Man I struck that, I struck that match Ocho. I'm talking about Ocho, it was gone. He said go home, go to the house and tell Papa somebody set the field on fire. Right. O OCHO had a pair of short. Yeah no shirt. You know, hey you ain't, you have no shoes on. You run faster. Y'all know what I'm talking about. Back in the country. Yeah. Oh yeah, you take them shoes off, you Gone outta there B Somebody set the field on fire. Ain't nobody been down there with you two boys.


Spanky set the field on fire. I gonna tell you joke. Hey, hey, when, when he gonna come with tour, we ask about that. And then the next time we playing we was playing, we was playing, we was playing softball. Same group because it's a, my, my oldest uncle Ell, his ball Lanny Arne Eugene, they mainly came over and we played as, as a matter of fact my, my second cousin Robbie and they was over too. So we all playing my brother up the back and they throwing the ball wouldn't let get a chance to hit.


And he cursing. My Aunt Bessy, she's got a bug. She laid in the back little boy I'm gonna tell Bar now stop all that nasty cuss. She ain't pick her head up. I said okay. They do it again. Yeah. Mofo, SOB little boy stop all that nasty cussing now I'm gonna tell Bar wouldn't stop. Boy, Boy Papa got home bar. You know one of them little boys out there were cut. Oh bar. He was saying some stuff I ain't never heard before. She oh, oh, oh she added you, you Out What Man, Papa walked up.


She was on, she was still in the car. Yeah he pulled up, she talking to her front in the car in the back seat. Man Papa hit that door. Who did that? Cussing? Hey Look here. He wasn't gonna ask you but once, yeah, I didn't say we gave him up but we all looked at Spanky. My grandma said bar, that's enough. Hey, Hey that yo that play. Oh man, Lord have mercy. No That Man beat me so bad but them be Joe. I ain't want to go fishing no more.


Go. Every time my grandma say boys y'all wanna go fishing. I start saying hell no. No. Boy there was some days boy There was some days there was some Kevin Norwood Jr. Oh my question is, who are your top five Celtics of all time? Larry Bird, bill Russell, Kevin Mikhail, John Havlicek, Paul Pierce Right now as we speak right now by Russell Havlicek Pierce. I would go there.


I left off Sam Jones, I left off Casey Jones, I left off Dave Cowans, I left off Tom Heinen, I left off Bob Coy. All those guys got at least six championships. Damn. Some of them have 10 championships. Byrd three consecutive. He's the last man who win three consecutive MVPs. 84, 85, 86. Two time finals. MVP three championships. We don't even say anything about Mr. Russell second leading rebound of all times five MVPs, 11 championships in 13 seasons.


Nothing else needs to be said. I think when it's all said and done, bird go. I mean Jason Tatum gonna kick somebody off. Boy y'all stop talking about Jason Tatum better than Larry Bird. Y'all better lemme go and move this. I'm Finn go and move this. I'm Finn to move this one big dog. Jalen. What's I walking OCHO now? I'm a Raiders. I'm a Raider. Stay with me now. Should the Raiders go get Sam Donald and try to get t Higgins as well. Woo. That gonna cost a lot. Yeah, Because you're getting guys in free agency. You gotta overpay to get 'em in free agency.


Now Sam's going going want 40 million, 40, $50 million don't you? Yeah. T Higgins gonna want 30. He he deserve more than that. And he gonna get, he gonna get where he gonna get more than that on the open market. Hey, well you got my stomach hurting boy. My back hurt man. I feel out by Accident. Hey James. Lamar's up guys. Assuming all is well is win winning comeback player of the year and defensive player of the year next year. Any chance they get Cooper Flag. Hope to see my Spurs in the playoffs again soon. How they gonna get Cooper flag and wimpy? That ain't fair. Well it all depends on where they are in the draft.


If they're in the lottery, there's the chance. What the one thing about the Spurs, when they get in the lottery, they normally get, they got right, they got David Robinson, they got Tim Duncan. Right. They got wimpy. They they do it pretty good. Right, right, right. Damn Johnny Vegas question for both. Sorry if you've answered it before, but what are your hardest hits you took? That's Easy. Huh? Brian was easy. Brian Russell, Brian Russell played for the Cleveland Brown. The bike, well he played for the bike is when he got me. Yeah, He Oh, he got you. Well he got me too. Yep. He, he knocked Miami and matter of fact, that's the the hardest hit I ever took.


And actually the only hit where he, I actually got knocked out. Like he had, I was knocked out cold garbage time too. We up and we, we was beating the Browns and Carson threw a, a slant too high and I went to go jump for knowing I couldn't get to it. Brian Russell caught me right up on his chin. My helmet went flying. I was literally knocked out on the field and that, that was it. That's thought, that's just so funny. Uncle. As long as I played, that's the one hit that I'm like gone. How cold. Yeah, you can read everything else. You know I was okay. I got a bunch of, I got a couple of them who got me.


He got me up in Minnesota, hit me right up under my chin. Hmm. There's a lineback. I don't even remember his name. Mike Morton might've been his name for the Raiders. He got me. Orlando Thomas rest his soul Minnesota. He caught me with a, a knee on the chin. He got me. Hell I hit Chris SL knocked my damn self out on Monday night. Football. Oh, I, I done. Oh I done Ro Jones played for the Jets. He got. Oh I got, I done got my fear. I got, I got got ocho. Yeah. Oh yeah, I got got Dexter Jones.


This is called without the Ring. Oh. OCHO or GMs. Y'all both have a solid, have solid four players but need a point guard. Who you taking? Big shop. Chauncey Billups or CP three based off history and stats but without a ring. Chauncey got a ring. Chauncey was finals. MVP With the pitch. Chris Paul. Chris Paul is a prototypical point guard. Yes sir. Led the league in assist. He was tra CP three was a hell of a defensive player. You don't play as long as CP three played at the level that he was played. Now he's not what he once was, but he is still, he averaging what, eight, nine points a game.


Probably giving you five, six assist a game. You were nice boy we were nice In his prime. I think CP three is better than Chauncey. CP three with the Hornets, right? Yeah. Yeah. Isaiah Lancaster. What's good Uncle Ocho? What do you guys, who you guys see winning the Super Bowl first? Lamar, Josh Joe Burrow. And what would be your lineup for dunk contest you could use past the present players. Dr. J Vince Carter, Zach Levine, Mack McClung, Dominique Wilkins, Dr J.


Hmm. That's a good one. So like that. Who wins the, who wins the Super Bowl first? Lamar Josh or Joe Ojo. Ooh, that's a good one. You know, for me, I I I hate to be, I I I would, I would love to see it. I either, either Joe or Lamar. I would love to see EE either one. I would, I would be happy with either one of them winning. Obviously Lamar for obvious reasons, get that monkey off his back. I think Joe was gonna have an opportunity to continuously be there year in and year out as soon as we fix the issues that we need to fix on, You know, on the defensive side of the ball. 'cause we know we can scope, we can scope points.


Yeah. The only problem we scope four, if we score 40, the other team's scoring 45. That's the issue with us now. And outside of that, You know, I, I really wanna see more voice that got damn bombarded man and bring that thing on back home to pumping up so we he can play freely, if You know what I mean. Right. Play freely. Right. How many guys could he have? I put Aaron Gorn in there too, even though he didn't win. He should have won one. He got bunnies. Yeah. Big td. The one Uncle Ojo between the two of you. Who was the better trash talker and, and was y'all really talking that ish?


I mean, I did. All right. My trash talk was more entertainment though. Alright, I got, I got the Hey y'all. Hey I'm legendary. I mean I'm legendary. What you saying? I'm Legendary. I'm a professional trash talker. Hey listen, I, I wrote the book on trash talking. No, no, no. I'll let you write the preface in my book. The preface the preface in my book. I'm the original. I'm the og. No, you're not the og. I'm I'm on the cover of the book. How bad this bad. You hear me? See, listen, you the Old Testament. I'm the New Testament of trash punk. You hear me? Talk to me man.


I feel good. I feel good tonight. Hey, let's do it. You Know, IIII was, I was held back about the day when talking, You know, I used, I just talk filthy McNasty. Yo uncle know your grass on the Image award. How about a trade? Stay with me now. UNC gets his money, Ocho gets his award and fun. Cos sounds like an even trade to me. Shout out to Ash and the crew keep moving forward. Acho got the award. I ain't get what what my na what my na NAACP award That was for Club Shake Shake. Well, shit, I'm part of that too. The BET award was Club Shakes Shake. Okay. I'm a part of Club Shake I Hard war. You got the Webby?


Hold On, hold on, hold on, hold on. So I'm, I'm a part club shake. She too. You got the Webby ocho. Okay, I got the Webby. I'm saying I want me a and We don't have the, we the only one that we don't have is the Signal Award. Okay. We don't know where that is. Can you give me, can I get a replica of the BET award so I can, I can feel like I'm a part of it. Of the family. What? The, the b the hip hop award? No, the, the NAACP award. The image award. Oh, that's a nice trophy too. Wait, lemme see it. No, this is the BET. Okay, send me what? Send me that one. What you mean send you the ocho? It says Club Shesha.


Okay. Club Shesha Nightcap. It's all under the same umbrella. I'm one Of them too. It is. Hey, send me one of them. Send me one of them. Listen. See, I ain't won no Super Bowls. I ain't won no national championship. Now one thing about it, in, in, in the, in this second, in this back half of her life, I need, I won every award so I Oh, you got, hold on. You got on. There's one. Oh, there you got this? Yeah, I got that. Yeah. That, that ain't enough. I want, And I think we might be nominated again.


Yeah. Okay. And we might as well be, we, we running the show right now And then I'm going this for commercial when I was at Fox. Hey, well Simeon, what M two That in 2017, man. Okay. Ocho, you was supposed to send me my money. Oh, you supposed to gimme my money in New Orleans, bro. I Coulda swore I told you to kick that money in blood though. Okay. Put a bounty on your head. She had a Pope and the hip hop community recently lost.


Miss Viola Wallace Wallace, mother of Notorious BIG What's your favorite Biggie song? Oh, gimme the Loop. Gimme the loop. No, my, my favorite. The story. The story Told, I don't know the title of the song. Chad, help me out real quick. Chad. I don't know the title of the song. The one he tell the story about the basketball player coming home. The Knicks player. It's, it's, he told a story. I just don't remember the name of the song. That is, that's one of my favorites. I like big because he was the storyteller. O obviously outside of just having, outside of just rapping. He told stories. I, Chad, help me out. What's the name of the song? Did they, did they put it in chat yet?


Oh, what's the name? Oh. Oh, no, No. Juicy Story to Tell. Oh, story. Yeah, that's it. That's, that's, that's it. Story to Tell. Well, that's, that's my favorite. I just, I just couldn't remember the name of it off the top of my head. Rest in peace. Miss Viola Wallace. J 2 1, 3 L. Gonna, Hey, unin, O Joe. Who are some of your favorite r and b artists of the eighties and nineties? Oh man, man, what do, where do I even start? Luther Teddy, Donnie Hathaway, Peabo, Babyface Usher.


You know what Commodore the barge. Denise Williams. Gap Band guy. Oh yeah. Isley Brothers. LTD. Jermaine Jackson. Lela James. I'm not sure if people know who that is. Luther Patti LaBelle. Steve v. Wonder obviously Tony. Tony. Tony. Oh, that was, that was music back then. Oh yeah. This, this real music. I'm naming it. I people, people, I mean, I'm not sure if the chat even know about some of these people. I'm talking about Bobby Womack Al Green After Bob, after Bob. I'm out on Bobby after he did what he did. I, I don't, I don't fool with Bobby. What happened to Bobby?


Oh, what he did. What he did With Sam Cook. Old lady. Oh, okay. Okay, okay, okay. I understand. I understand. I underst I understand. I'm out. Leotta Rose. Tomorrow is my birthday. You guys aren't gonna be live. So I figured I'd get my shout out to now. Happy early birthday to me, Leotta. Happy early birthday. Hopefully you got something planned. Really, really fun. Many, many more to call. Happy Birthday. Yes. Birthday twin JW Akron. Please wish my beautiful wife, Stephanie, happy birthday Ocho. Heard you could sing, sing her quick. Happy birthday. No Ocho can't say if I won't get in. Get you in trouble.


Stephanie, thank you. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Steph. J Dub. J Dub has been one of our, one of our early, early subs and followers. Supporters. Thank And so Stephanie, happy birthday. Well here request, hopefully we have a, hopefully you and J Dub have a very, very special day. Enjoy this special occasion. But the request was for me to sing. No, we not gonna sing. Last time we did that. No. Even happy birthday though. Yes. Okay. Thank you.


And that concludes this episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. I visit your near Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network. Today, I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe, the Liberty City legend, the bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowler Rock Run extraordinaire.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And we thank you for your continued support. Make sure you support and check out Shaa by La Portier. We have it in stock. If you can't find it in a city or a state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its flat platforms that she, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We just dropped our Nightcap and Chill collection this month and we restock everything.


So Super Bowl shirts and hats, bundle that drop today. The link is pinned in the chat. Supplies are limited, so please make sure you grab yours before they're gone. And when they're gone, they're gone. We wanna send a special thanks for our linebacker, Dean for joining us, talking about his experience in the NFL and winning the Super Bowl this year. That concludes Nightcap. We'll see you Wednesday. I'm Unc Heath Ocho, thank you for joining us. We're out The Volume.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed, LPT Tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. And we've got a podcast, quiet please with Mel And Keira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, An iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your Podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast, wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm Trevon Edwards, co-host of the new podcast, GOTE Greatest of their Era with Steph Curry. You don't wanna miss our first episode. That's out now. We went live from All Star Weekend and had special guest appearance by Steph Curry himself. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. So you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. That's So tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen To Goat Greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.