
You know, you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


These days, it feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of home ownership has become outta reach. Well, rocket is trying to give more people a chance to own their homes. They're making home ownership simpler and more accessible to more people. Turning renters into owners Rocket believes that everyone deserves a shot at the American Dream. So are you ready? Own the dream. Visit rocket.com or call 800 for Rocket. That's 804 Rocket.


Optimize your nutrition with Factor America's. Number one, ready to eat meal service factor's, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like calorie smart and protein plus factors. Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off to get 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bets you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the Rack with Draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code Money Moves. That's code Money Moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Did you know colon cancer is considered one of the most preventable, yet least prevented cancers when call in the early stages? Colon cancer has a survival rate of 90%. So screening in early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. That's why the American Cancer Society recommends that if you're at average risk, you begin screening for colon cancer at age 45. And a convenient way to do that is with Cologuard tests. The Cologuard test allows you to be in control of your colon, colon cancer screening through prescription based tests delivered to your door with none of the prep that's required for a colonoscopy. No liquid prep, no days off, no invasive procedures. Plus Cologuard test is affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and a follow-up colonoscopy is needed after a positive Cologuard test. This is usually covered by insurance also. So if you're 45 years or older and at average risk, you can ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with a Cologuard test. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at cologuard.com/podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use Cologuard tests if you have had Aus have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopies, high risk patients. Cologuard tests in adults. 45 to 49 is estimated based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older false positive and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now the Jet Nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like niche, every parent stream, or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? How they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. holmes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style. holmes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework


reporter asked a antman report, said Luca donkeys was two 70. What's the heaviest he's been maybe in the off season? Antman says two 40. I hope they ain't trade me when I was two 40. Antman he that he that big. He ain't look that big in person. He's six four. So when you, when you know, hey, when you tall ocho, you can put some weight on Now. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Because I was nevermind. So that's why you, that's why tall guys, seven foot guys. They gotta be careful, right? If you look at Kareem, Kareem has stayed, he's thin, relatively thin because what is it like after you get, after like, you get like seven feet tall, like cut like every year it cuts like five years off your life.


Whoa. It does it. See, it's some kind of stat that I, that I saw, but it was years ago for every inch over was like 6, 6, 6 7. What? What is it? Nah, but Luca what, six seven? Is that true? As far as I mean that the, the taller you are, it takes years off your life. You think that's true uncle? Is that just a yes? Is that just a saying Height and that?


Yes. Yes. Okay. Hold on. Hold on, Man. That's, that's scary. But that's scary. What? That's scary. You think maybe? Is it it health issues? Health problems as you get older or Something? It says according to research, there appears to be an in inverse relationship between height and life expectancy. Meaning shorter people tend to live longer, have life longer lifespans compared to taller individuals. A study found that for every two and a half inches of height right, a person risk of heart disease declines by 13.5%.


Mm. However, research suggests that shorter people have lower risk of cardiac deaths. Mm. I don't like that bro. You five 11 Now, now you know I'm six four. Don't do that now. Come on now. I'm gonna find that. I'll find it all as it fud scored 28 points for the number seven Yukon Hussies. As they ended South Carolina, the lady game caught 71 game home winning streak. They trounced them by 29.


Woo. 87 58 Yukon had lost their la their past four to the game. Cox Paige Becker's had 12 points. 10 assists. Seven rebounds. The Yukon took control late in the opening quarter and was up 22 by halftime. Uncharacteristically the defending champ. South Carolina did not respond and lost for the first time at Holmes. Said North Carolina State beat them. 54, 46. December 3rd, 2020. That ended the fourth longest division home winning streak ever for women's division one basketball history. Obviously Yukon has the longest Yukon one, like 112 games straight and then they got another 90.


Yeah. And then I think it was Tennessee might have the third longest because you know, the Lady Balls with Coach Summit. I had an opportunity to meet her. I love Coach Summit. She used to have, they used to have that, that stank tank in the eighties and the early nineties. Did you watch this game Ocho I watched it. I was like, sta I I I missed that one. I missed that one on. I saw, I saw the highlights I saw at halftime where they were down by by so much. Yeah. And I was, I was shocked obviously. 'cause I didn't expect them to perform like that. Especially after winning 71 home games, you know, in a row. But again, it is Yukon, despite Yukon having, I mean maybe three or four losses.


Maybe it might have been three before coming into this game, you know, three. Yeah. Pecon Yukon always plays well, obviously despite the losses they did have, I didn't expect them to win this game. But at Yeah, they, when when it was that kind of deficit at the half, I didn't think, yeah, I didn't think South Carolina would be able to recover. They the game. Cause did issue not, did not shoot the ball Well yeah. Johnson didn't shoot the ball. Well pow didn't shoot the ball. Well, nobody, they were 18% from three, three or 17. They was 38% from the floor. 23 of 61. You're not gonna beat Yukon. And, and considering Paige Becker's did not score. It was fud. It was FUD that did a number on him.


But Strong has 16. Fud had 28. Chen had 10. Becker's had. Yeah. You know, if anything that was, If if anything, I know it's really nice to, to go undefeated. It's a great feeling to go undefeated. But if you're gonna lose one, let's lose it early. Let's lose it early and get it out the way. Yeah. But man, coach bounces back. They just gotta get better play. They gotta get better play outta their guards. Yeah. Johnson played 24 minutes. She's a starter and she had zero points. Mm. I mean, what they have 1721, they had 27 points from the starters.


You ain't, your starters give you 21. Right. 27 points. You ain't winning it. Yeah. Because they eating up so many minutes. Right. Ah, Ocho according to reports, Aaron Rogers apparently pleaded to stay with the Jets before the Jets announced this week. They're moving on from Aaron Rogers up to two seasons with the team. Rogers reportedly tried to make his case for why the jet should keep him. According to the New York Post, Rogers pleaded with the jet to give him one more, one or two more years as the starter during his final conversation with the team. Rogers aggressively urged the, just to keep him. But once the decision was made to part ways, Rogers accepted It. Yeah. I mean, I I'm ugh, that that, that's, that's tough.


That's tough. I think Aaron Rogers can see the light at the end of the tunnel. Obviously you've gotten to a point where you've always been great and the team has actually needed you and you're always in a position of power. You know, where you always had the leverage. And now being on the other side of things, the other side of the fence, now seeing, okay, you know what? Well, we don't need you. Things are different now as great as he once was, not, what's I saying? What am I saying though, Joe? What I, what do I say? What they'll do? Oh, They'll to what they'll do and they'll tolerate you until they can Now te now I want you to tell me one thing, one thing Aaron Rogers did, and there's two years there that could justify the jet keeping for another year or two. Not a damn thing.


So not showing up. Dominican. Think about it. Ocho. Yes sir. They said that if you were to come back, you'd have to be to everything. Yeah. So that told 'em number one, you're not invested. Right. Okay. How does going on Pat McAfee every single week, and I love pma Yeah. And hey, great platform, but for the Jets, how does that help them? It doesn't at all. And it definitely doesn't help. 'cause the fact that you weren't winning, not only were you losing to getting your buck kicked every goddamn week, you still, you're going on the show and then you're creating controversy with some of the things that you're saying McAfee show. Yes. You can't, you can't have, you can't have it both ways. Yeah. Now, now all of a sudden he want to be about a team when he is never been about to team.


Oh. And And, and he won't be if they were to bring him back. You don't. Thank you. Listen, you don't change overnight ad and a, a leopard spots never change junk. A zebra stripes never change junk. They never change. They just go about doing things differently until they get you where they want you. Then they go right back to the normal program. Yes. Always. It's, it's always been that way. Yeah. But a lot of this had to do with, I fought the jets because when y'all got y'all butt on that plane and, and, and, and flew out there. Yeah. Yes. And when y'all, I won't Ram car, I won't. Alan Lazar. I won't, I won't.


Nathaniel Hackett. What the hell do you think he thinks? He thinks he's the king of palace. Yeah. But also, not only does he think he's the king of the palace, but he understands he needs those that's already been around him. That he understands that he trusts that. He knows he how didn't work out for him. It didn't, it didn't work out the way he wanted. Tell, Tell, tell him the nuts. So you, you paying guys, you gave Al Lazar three years, $33 million. Now congratulations. Now, hey, the one thing you can say about him now, he, Hey, if he likes you, he likes it. Oh Yeah. If he don't, he don't. Yeah. You Right now. But I'm just saying when you say, when you try to ingratiate yourself to a team, if that's what you truly wanna do.


Yes sir. You become, you adopt a team aspect. The team concept. You need me to be here for mini camp. I'm there. You need me to be here for OTAs. I'm there. I'm here. Yeah. I'm just trying to figure out why was he so big that Peyton Manning never missed those. Tom Brady didn't miss the Tom Brady when he went to Tampa. Yeah. Where was he? This man was breaking protocol, drawing the books and congregate with his receivers in the park at the High school field. You see the difference? Yeah. You see the difference when guys are bought in? See a lot of guys talk about T but you see, if I were to remove that, if I were to remove that A and that t what is it? Ocho Me.


Oh man. That's funny. That's the thing. Yeah. I I I, it's hard for me to see, and I'm only outside. I'm looking for the peripheral. Right. But all I know is you What, what's being reported? I don't think he's done anything to ingratiate himself to the team that says I'm a team guy. Yes. We all, and I wanna be a part of this team. Yeah. We all know that. Now. Hell Ray Charles could see that you haven't done nothing. You ain't done nothing to come back. You know, you know good and well pleading, like listen, if you had something to fall back on, when you do do the, when you do the plead, then you have a case. Yes. I mean, we should go. You ain't got nothing to fall back on. How, how, what, what, what is like, oh, you and then you come up with this cock man. Well, you know, mandatory means different things to different people.


Yeah. Stop playing. You know what, hold on. So I'm gonna look up the definition of mandatory. 'cause I thought mandatory was what it was, but Man, why you looking that up? Man? Shout out. Shout out to the homie. We, we got, we got, we got new subscriber, a good friend of mine cam down there in Boston. Watch a man. I salute you. Appreciate it. Appreciate the support, homie. Mandatory required by law, wearing helmets were made mandatory for cyclists. Which is means you're required to do it. Mandatory attendance is required, which is means ocho you're required to be there trying to do it. Right. So I don't know who, what mandatory. So maybe it means different things to different people.


Right. Who, somebody that the definition of mandatory, it might mean something. But if you understand, and Eric Rogers is highly intelligent. If you just listen to it, he'll tell you he's highly intelligent. So the team, like, maybe we made a mistake. We are here. And remember Ocho, I kept telling you. Yes sir. I said Ocho, he and Gary Wilson on that sideline of training camp. Oh. Oh, you trading camp. They Listen. Wait, lemme tell you why I said that. 'cause listen, me and Carson were just like that too in training camp. That's all. Me and Carson were like that in training camp. Lemme ask you a Question. How many years did you play Carson Into, during the season?


How many years did you play with Carson? 10. Okay. How many years had him and Gary Wilson played together? Okay. You right, you right, you right. Yeah. It was early. It was early. But that's that fire though, huh? All I know is that Fire Wilson one too. How Gary Wilson win offensive rookie of the year of the entire league with Zack Wilson, right? Yeah. Zach Wilson was a better quarterback. He was FYI And I said, I told you that He a better quarterback than who? Huh? Better quarterback than who? Aaron Rogers. Oh, okay. Yeah. I'm not talking about the old Aaron Rogers. I'm talking about the new Aaron Rogers.


Now that's, that's a whole nother story. No, The old Aaron Rogers or just an old Aaron Rogers. That's the, I mean, look here. Robert Sawer got fired. I mean, and I ocho I, we, I wish we could pull, I wish we could pull this up, right? If I knew we was talking about this. 'cause I, I didn't really dawn on that. We gonna talk about it, but I say pretty soon they gonna run outta people the fire. Oh yeah. They gonna run out people to the Mote. Now Roberts got fired. Nathaniel Hackett got, got demoted. Well, damn. Yeah. One, two.


Who the next person? Mm. The production. Oh, she look at this bro. Stopping the man. How many games they won? Six. How many? Six and 12. Ocha. How many games they, they won six, right? Yeah. Won six. Can I ask you a question? Yes. How many games they won with Zach Wilson? Ask Ash. I think there was, what, what were they? Seven and 10.


Well, eight, nine with Zach Wilson. Seven and 10. Okay. So who is the better quarterback again for the jet? Okay. The number Don't what, what I try to, what numbers don't lie? I, I said look, when you bring, if you are, if you are a defensive base football team Yes, sir. And you believe, you bring in one guy and he's gonna change your, your, your, your, your, your fortunes, your defense better not drop off. Oh, they, they dropped off tremendously, huh? And pro. But here's the thing. They were saying, if the defense drops off, what's he supposed to do? Overcome off. But he wasn't there. Ball they dropped Off that drop off. There you go.


Yeah, There you go. And that didn't happen. I just, I I, look, I don't think he did him any favors in that building with his attitude. Yeah. The Miss Mini camps and to blow it off and, and, and pretend like it was nothing. Right. The continuously going on, on the p max show. I don't think that helped. I don't think, I don't think that helped their situation at all. But at the end of the day, he made a decision that he felt that was in the best interest of him. Right. And that's what he did. And so the jets have no choice but to do what's in the best interest of them. And they didn't feel bringing him back was gonna change anything. Because sometimes Ocho it's more than just on field.


Sometimes the locker room. Look at everybody talks about Jalen Hurtz and what he is in the locker room. Yeah. You Know, everybody look, look at when they talk about these quarterbacks, how they talk about Hertz, how they talk about, and look, let's just go take Manning and take Brady. Put them to the side. Yes sir. Look at how they talk about some of these other quarterbacks A hurt. I'm gonna put my homes to the side. But I'm gonna talk about some of those guys that, that when we think about a pantheon, that's gonna be one the historically at all time. Great. Right? Look at how his teammates and the organization talks. Talk about 'em. Yeah. About him.


All. I know there are a lot of talk coming outta Green Bay that, that they didn't involve him when it came to picking a new coach. Right. They didn't involve him, but the, it's being reported that the CEO picked up the phone and says, don't you be the problem, Get a solution. It's just, it's gonna be very interesting to see where he goes. 'cause I, I think the thing is, look, we, we, we mentioned places. The Raiders need a quarterback. Potentially New Orleans need a quarterback back potentially. Cleveland needs a quarterback.


I like that. Jerry Ju Rogers, the Judy Raw, just the ku. I like, I like that. So I'm trying to think, I'm trying to what, what other place Tennessee sees. They might take a, I don't think, I think Tennessee's gonna potentially trade down, but if you trade down, Roger's gonna be available. Not gonna cost you anything. Right. You take Rogers Have will. Levi learned under him That that's a good move. That's a good move. Rogers to Calvin Ridley. I just don't get, first of all, I don't know what the Tennessee's doing. What Do you mean? First of all, they, they, they, first of all, they traded aj right?


Because they drafting trailing burs. The dude has one touchdown in two years, three years maybe. Okay, now you release Derrick Henry and I think, I think Tony Poll had an unbelievable season. What you trying to tell me? You think Polly was a better running back than, than Derrick Henry? That's, we're not doing that Ojo we're not gonna do that. Right. So I don't, I I don't, you know, and after what, after one season, two season they fired, the general manager ran and they got somebody. So I don't really kinda know what they're doing. Could I see them trading that pick? Potentially. Right. But I think Aaron, Roger, Aaron Rogers fits there, fits in. He fits in Vegas.


Ooh. Cleveland. I'm trying to think where else the Giants, the Giants are potentially looking at. Remember that we talked about the other day? Ocho. Yeah. Matthew Stafford going From going from Jersey to New York. If you can get Eric Rogers for free, just pick him up. You do that. Keep your pick. Right. You keep that third pick of the draft. What are you thinking? Eh? That's tough. That's tough. I just think it's a, it's gonna be an issue wherever he goes. Huh? I think it's gonna be an issue wherever he goes. Look at what he had with the Jets and you only won six games. I'm just, I'm just speaking from an offensive standpoint.


Pittsburgh is Pittsburgh in play. I don't like, I don't like the Pittsburgh look. Okay. I don't like Pittsburgh. Look, I I just, nah, just Tolin ain't playing that Tomlin is not playing that. I'm just saying don't you, I mean, I'm just trying to throw out some places that could potentially use a quarterback and I don't have to give up draft capital to get him. Right. And the the, I mean, you said the best two, the best two was, was, was, was Cleveland and, and the Raiders Who needs, you don't like the Giants who needs The most, I mean, you know what?


I like that. I liked it James. I said that last week we were on the show. Goddamn Aaron Rods to Malik Nab Malik Nabors had a great year. You get a quarterback like Aaron Rods in there, you never know. Right. Then you got, we, we think about the Aaron Rods. You're getting, you're getting maybe a humble Aaron Rods. Aaron Rodgers understanding my leash is very short. Now I can't get away with some of the things I used to be able to get away with because I don't have that leverage anymore. So I don't have a choice but to walk on eggshells. 'cause I'm already walking on a thin line, thin ice.


You, you never know. I hope so. I mean, look, I I I, I think the thing is, I like to see guys play as long as they wanna play. Especially if they can contribute. I don't know if we're ever gonna see the MVP Aaron Rogers again. Do I think he can help a team? Right. But what what's your goals? You have to have a real strong, he, I mean, you know, a lot of times those guys used to be guys that elevate As they start to get age now you need to elevate them. Yeah. You see where Paid Manning went? He went to the Broncos. Yeah. The Marus Thomas rest his soul. Eric Decker. Julius Thomas.


No. Sean Romeno outstanding. No. Sean Marino. Yeah. Outstanding defense. Offensive line was re solidified. Thatty that had bass squads, they had nice offensive line. Okay. Tom, what did Tom do? Edelman and those guys started to get beat up. He goes to Tampa. Yeah. What TA got ocho. Mike Evans. Chris Godwin. Godwin. Yeah. You see? Yeah. And they get Gronk to come out of retirement. You see defense hungry Carl Bows doing it. So now where they can always elevate, now they need elevating.


Right. Damn. These days it feels like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own, your home Rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their starter homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. The American dream isn't dying. It's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it. And Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can own the dream. Visit rocket.com today or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket


During tax season. Your sensitive info does a lot of traveling to places you can't control stopping off at payroll. Your accountant or tax preparer and countless other data centers on its way to the IRS. Any of them can expose you to identity theft because they all have the info on your W2. Just the ticket for criminals to steal your identity. No wonder the IRS reported tax fraud due to identity theft went up 20% last year. You need LifeLock. They monitor millions of data points per second and alert you to threats you could miss. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based Restoration Specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package and restoration is guaranteed or your money back. Don't let Identity Thieves take you for a ride. Get LifeLock protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms. Apply


This President's Day. Upgrade the look of your home without breaking your budget. Save up to 50% sitewide on brand new window treatments now@blinds.com. blinds.com. The number one online retailer of custom window treatments is the better way to give your home the presidential treatment. blinds.com makes it easy. With free virtual consultations on your schedule and samples delivered directly to your door, fast and free. Choose from trending, woven wood shades or upgrade to motorized blind. Stock com has everything and more. All with upfront pricing and no hidden fees. Need help with installation blinds.com can handle it for you or DIY with expert guidance from our design pros. With over 25 million windows covered and our 100% satisfaction guarantee, you can count on blinds.com to deliver results you'll love. Shop blinds dot com's Presidents Day mega sale right now and save up to 50% sitewide plus a free professional measure up to 50% offsite wide@blinds.com Rules and restrictions may apply.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


So dang OCHO. Yo. Now it's time for Money Moves presented by DraftKings. Gimme That money. Gimme that money. Two weeks ago, miles Garrett made it known his desire to leave Cleveland. The Browns reportedly won't do it, but Garrett hadn't apparently won't abandon his desire to go to a contender. The current odds that draft Kings have the commanders as the betting favorite to land him next are the Eagles at plus four 50. The Browns at plus 500 to keep him the Bills plus five 50. The Lions plus six 50, the Bears plus 900 For one who has the money?


Let's start there because He gonna want a contract extension. Yes. He gonna want a contract extension. Let's start there. Now, when it comes to bolstering the defense, I like, I like him down there to the commanders. Oh yeah, sure I like it. But you gonna, about ocho you gonna have to give up one of those D tackles. You gonna have to give up Allen Alan. Well, well listen this What's the other one? Name? 94. Yeah, this, this, this is the thing. Think about it. The commanders, you get that young bull over there with the commanders and let's say you do have the one of your DT tackles, you're still gonna get twice or maybe three times the production your DT tackle will give you.


If you get Miles Garrett And the commanders have the third most salary cap space Man, there it Is. And you got a rookie contract. So you ain't got no worry about for another two Years. Another two years. Yeah. Man. You know, it only makes sense And with a quarterback like that, one of the things Mile Garrett was fussing about just, I just want a chance, I just want an opportunity. Yeah. With the quarterback they have over there and Jayden Daniels, you gonna always be in contention in that. NFCI love being content. I love I love this Ocho. If I'm Washington, I'll give you two first rounders of a young player. Yeah, Yeah, absolutely.


Absolutely. I Love and Josh Harris, I don't think he'll have a problem doing that. I give up this year's first. Next year's first and a third and a young player. Absolutely. Yeah. I like it. I I definitely like it. But I I I also like to the Eagles as well. But again, what I don't like is the Eagles have such a great young core defensively. You don't wanna block, but you don't wanna, you don't wanna mess it up, Huh? Yeah. You don't wanna mess it up. You don't wanna mess it up because the Eagles have opportunity and they have a chance make a run like the Chiefs did. Huh? They got a chance to make a run like the Chiefs did. They go back and get another one.


They can be on the verge of also having, being in the same position that the chiefs were and having a threepeat. Yep. They Got everybody locked up. Yeah. You know, they, they're probably gonna lose sweat. You understand that? Yeah. Hey, somebody gonna throw, somebody gonna throw a big a boatload of money at him. Mojo. Alright, listen, If sweat goes on the market chance a song Red gets the opportunity to come on back. I think the way he left. Ah, See that's, That's what I'm saying. Don't I, I understand the way he left, but I know what he left on that field before he left though. I know what he can do on that field.


I know what, what he gives me at the defensive end. I know what he did for the Philadelphia Eagles. How he knows that Jeffrey Yeah. Knows that this is business. Know, you know what? Sometimes you and your girl, Your girlfriend, do you wrong? You taking aback even though she was great and bad, you know what she do, you know how she treated you. Okay. That's a whole different, Sometimes you forget Ocho I think sometimes you forget these men are human. Yeah. They have feelings, they have emotion. Yes Sir. He quit. He wouldn't come to camp, remember? Yeah. He ended up having to trade him and then he do the same thing to grieve. He did the same thing to jazz. He held out for how Long? Because they, they, they understood that he was only, he was, he was getting traded in hopes of getting a new deal.


Hell, that's why he wouldn't, wouldn't come to camp for the Eagles. So why would you trade him and not give him a goddamn deal? Understanding? That's why I agree. Yeah. You know, they wanted to play a hardball. Another reason why weren't, they weren't successful. Not because of that, but just in general on how they running the goddamn organization. Yeah. If, if, first of all, if you know a guy's holding out because he won a contract, if you trade for him, you better be willing to give him a contract. Easy. If you're not gonna be willing to give him a contract, why the hell don't you trade For, for him? That makes, that made no sense to me. Oh, Oh. When you come to camp and practice. We'll, we'll talk to you man. Don't play me. And, and and, and but Ojo he saw that team.


They Were loaded. Yeah, They Were loaded. Yeah. I Trust how, I think the thing is, Howie's gonna probably go to the draft. Yeah. Look, you might have to give up for, Hey, I know Howard Roseman to give up two first round draft pick. Hell, he gave up what he gave up to get aj. So, but I can see the commanders, the bills need to try to move heaven and earth. They would. Yeah. I mean the lions, the lions definitely need to give up. Can you imagine him and Hutchinson? That ain't, that ain't fair. That is that, that is not, that's not, that's absolutely not fair.


It's gonna be very, it'll be very, very interesting to see how, how what happens with Miles Garrett. I know they say they're not, but somebody come in there and blow him away. Ocho now I'm really trying to keep him out of the A FC ocho. Right. So really down on my list. Right. You know, all these other teams in the NFCO show, you know, if I see him, I'm have to see him in the Super Bowl and I'm okay with that. But I don't wanna see him any other time. You know, we, we might have to play at some point, but I'm saying I don't wanna have to deal with him. I'm definitely not trading him within my division Twice a year and Absolutely. Right. Right. But Bears in the NFC lions in the NFC Eagles in the NFC and the commanders.


So all things being equal. Yeah. I'm trying. If I, if I do move him, I'm gonna move him to the NFC. Yeah. Hopefully they got something. Got a nice little package for me. Ocho people are calling the Texas A and m, the Aggies uniforms the worst in history. What is this? A t-shirt with a T. What the hell is this? Basketball units? You know what they, they somebody trying to do something different. I don't know who it was. I don't know who designed it. I don't know who designed is that. Look At Ocho You remember those jerseys they used to have in the NBA? Yeah. Those tight fitting jerseys that They have. Yeah. Yeah. I I think that was like in 20 15, 16.


LeBron. Yeah. LeBron. LeBron was LeBron. Yeah. Remember LeBron living to sleeve? LeBron? What is I that just look like a, a a a compression t Yeah, a compression T with a, with a, with a T on it. Oh. They trying to do something different. Be a little creative and thought it was gonna hit. But that ain't it. That Yeah. I'm, I'm all for doing things different. I'm all for doing things different, but come on now. Minimum light skims. Come on. I just say, oh, or what, what they call that? That Nike pro. That Nike pro stuff. Oh, Tony. They guys be having all that. That's what that is. That looks like stuff you work out in like you're supposed Yes. Better and not an actual game uniform.


They gotta do, they gotta do better. They gotta do better. Yeah, But you can't shoot when I mean everybody complaining about having those tight jerseys. Nobody really liked them. That's why they, they ain't last for a year in the NBA. You don't want anything restricting anywhere around the shoulder part. No. Or you want that free. Yeah, those are, I don't know what y'all think it Texas A and MI don't think y'all gonna sell a lot of them either. Uhuh Ocho a husband threw away a wife's Valentine gifts that her boss got her. Let's take a look at the video Ocho, But where you gonna sleep tonight?


I wonder where you gonna sleep tonight? You just missed our Where are you gonna sleep tonight? Because you're not gonna sleep here because you're not gonna be throwing my gifts that I received from my boss. You know what, Uhuh? No sir. No, I don't think so. Whatever. Now you need to adjust Uhuh. No, you need to leave. Man. Man. Oh, Hold, hold on, hold on. Hold. I'm this picture. Lay Chad. Y'all would've paid this picture. Let's just say Come on man. Well, RA works in corporate America. She come home balloons, couple of gifts, flowers. Hey Raelle, where you, what's what's where you getting that from? My boss gave me, my boss got this for me.


The floor is yours. Well, we you wouldn't be together. Oh Joe, that could be innocent. Hold balls. Gotta hold on, hold On, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Come on. Listen. Lemme take my, lemme take my glasses off real quick. I know, I I know I play around a lot. You know, I play around a lot. I I make a lot of jokes and it, there's a lot of things that I don't play about. Right. How an individual that I'm dealing with on how you move when you, when, when you attest to my name. Okay. I don't, I don't play them games.


It's a, it is a certain site, it's a certain thing about, about respect. And if, if you respect me, if you know your boss gave you something at work, you ain't even bringing that home just outta respect. Whether it was inside that's going to the trash By the new's gas station station. It's going, it's going in the trash. I'm and that's just outta respect. I I don't, I don't, I don't play them games. And the fact, let's say if you do bring them goddamn gifts in a house where I'm probably paying them motherfucker the bills and you trying to be funny 'cause that's what I'm considerate. I'm considering you trying to be funny. Well then I'm gonna make it a comedy show.


I'm not even gonna say nothing. You want to be funny. I'm going to make it a comedy show. And that's just the way I've always been, you know, right from wrong. You know about respect. You know what you should and shouldn't do. I'm not your guardian. I'm not your parents. I'm not finna, I'm not finna scold you. I ain't gonna say nothing. I just move accordingly to how you operate. Whatever you do. I'm doing the same too. But I got a better question. Talk to me now. I'm trying to figure out what have you been doing at work to make your boss feel comfortable enough to buy you something? Wait a minute. To get you flowers, to get you balloon.


Wait a minute. That's what my head is. Yeah. Wait. And not, not even that part, but did he do it for everybody or did he just do it for you? That's what I'm saying. You first of all, you know he ain't nobody there. Everybody know gifts. Barry bosses are cheap. Hey, I ain't cheap, but I damn sure everybody, nobody no Valentine's. I ain't cheap. But you ain't getting no Valentine's. Hey, as a matter of fact, I ain't even telling nobody happy Valentine's. What? What the hell is that? Hey. So that's what I, I'm being, and Chad, I think y'all gonna back me up on this for somebody to feel comfortable enough to get your girl or your, it's, and, and, and women, this applies to you.


His boss or a coworker feel comfortable enough to get your man flowers, to get your man balloons, to get your man a gift. A d in General. And I mean, you know what that, you know what else that mean. That means she's already put her boss in a comfortable position where he feels it's okay to do so. That there you go. And see, I ain't got no problem with the boss 'cause I ain't in no relationship with the boss Uhuh At all. At all. I, I've never, I'd never check a guy about somebody I'm, I'm dealing with Never. That's your job. Ever. Ever. Never, ever. I ain't never approached no.


A-I-A-I-I got a question for you. Yes, sir. And now chat. Y'all stay with me real quick and I'm there. There's a couple of fellas, fellas in here and just, it just goes back to just a thought about respect and other guys doing things and women trying to move and just, just this, you could be honest with me. Have you ever been the side dude at any point in your life? Be be honest. I mean, we family, we could talk and I break Our hair fellas In, in the chat. Have you ever been the side dude, I'm, I'm just, just be, you can be honest. You can talk to me. We family Bro. I'm about to be 57.


I'm pretty sure I have No, I'm saying have you knowingly been side dude with understanding how things work? How women lie, how women are sneaky? Just, just you could be honest. I mean it ain't, yeah. Okay. Okay. But here's the thing. Okay, it's for me, but that then I just, I then I just remember like, you know what, I just have to remove myself because the longer you in a situation old your man, I mean, feeling it is hard. It is hard feeling are gonna get involved. You start talking to that person. You spend time with that person. You, you be intimate with that person. It's hard to just keep, okay.


You, you got him. I got the, Nah, Eventually somebody gonna break. It Ain't it ain't hard. It it, it ain't hard. It ain't hard because Wildwood you under with great understanding as number two, you get all the fun. You ain't got no responsibilities. You get the best version of her. Why the hell would I want to be promoted to number one and I'm living the life he gotta deal with biding he gotta deal With. I don't get that though. Ocho you know, I don't get that women's sleep with 700 guys. They wanna settle down with me. Sh you and I, oh, I asked, I asked the Lord to send me something but send me somebody.


Hey damn sure wasn't me. Hey, I'm just like the other guy. I'm just dropping this package off to you, baby. Oh no, I ain't no sir. It ain't me. He ain't send me to you. He sent me to drop off when those other ones dropped off. And I'm up outta here. But, but I'm, I'm, I'm just, I'm, I'm saying that and using that analogy for better context with the whole boss thing and the company. Yeah. And feeling comfortable enough to bring a package that someone else gave you and bring it home into a house where I'm assuming the man, you know, pays the bills. If she's that comfortable, she already doesn't respect you.


She she already doesn't. And they got to her to say, well where you gonna sleep? Fuck yeah. What, what? Yeah. That's why I never uhuh, I I ain't never, like, after I heard my grandmother say how when she was living on somebody else's property, how they, those people would come by and bring 5, 6, 7 loads of clothes Right. On Sunday after they get back from church ocho. Right. And they would have to have those clothes washed. So now you gotta start a fire and put those clothes in that pot to get the hot water. Yeah. And you gotta have those clothes ready by Monday. Yeah. And they say, well Lou, if you don't have these clothes ready, you gonna have to move on. Oh. I said, oh no, I'm never gonna let somebody put me in that situation. Shees, Hey, that's, that's, that's, that's one of, that's one of the worst feelings there, boy.


Nah, hell nah. That's why you always, so that's why you always hear me when I say something that I've always mastered. I've always, and I've mastered it to a t with the kind of discipline I had when it came to being great at the game of football, managing my expectations because I was on the other side of the fence for so long because I was on the other side of the fence for so long. I have great understanding that it can happen to me. So when it does happen to me, it's easy for me to compartmentalize and remove myself. It's easy. Now you other hand, I, we rethink differently. But I, I already go into now I'm, I'm, I'm just speaking in general. I already go into situations with great understanding.


Well hell, if I was on the other side of the fence, well, who the hell am I to have the motherfucking ego and pride to think it can't happen to me For sure. Oh, I'm, I'm not no fool. I ain't no goddamn me. Yeah. But anyway, I, I just can't She actually boil the gifts home and had the nerve to record it. Do you think that was, Throw that in his face. You think that was a ski that was real? Ain't no telling. I think the pay gift for me, ocho Hey, back in the day, if you saw, if you saw A-A-U-P-S in your girl phone, that was me. I was dropping off a package once a week. Hold On. UPS. Yeah. Oh, I was dropping off a package once a week. That's all. No choke. That's it. That was the call center. Hey. And you know, you know what's funny?


What can Brown do for you? You know what's funny? I just from better context too to about you and dropping your UPS package off once a week. How long it take to deliver something? Yeah. No, not long Man. Because I'm on the clock, man. Listen, you, hey, we, hey man, listen. You see them, you see UPS, they get under the truck. They running FedEx, they running. As soon as they hit the feet, step on the gas, the car go. That's how I was. And Do you know what, Know what the car running? I leave my car running. And For and for better context, that just, that's as long as it takes. Yeah, that's as long as it takes. What what's that? Loo slowly. 89, 10 minutes. You get a oil change.


Hey, a hey you, you been in nascar. You see them pissed off? Yeah. Big Whoop. Now like, like, like on The way I'm gone. Like I always say the famous saying, the game is the game and it will always be the same. That's why you gotta learn how to play it. Yeah. It's, yeah. Don't bring that back. Don't bring that back no more. Don't bring that lady. Don't bring the packages home. Look, somebody give you something. Listen. Where'd it work? If you, if if, if someone gives you a package and you bring it home, UNC, she don't just, she don't respect you. Yeah. She don't respect you. True. There's certain things you just know you shouldn't be doing


These days. It feels like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own, your home rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their starter homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. Their American dream isn't dying. Dying. It's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it. And Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can own the dream. Visit rocket.com today or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


This Is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards in Nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report,


Get ready for the ultimate country music getaway. Country superstar. Keith Urban is performing live on the top shelf country cruise, sailing February, 2026 aboard the luxury celebrity reflection with stops in St. Kits in Nevis and St. Martin. Enjoy seven days of nonstop entertainment. All brought to you by signature Cruise experiences. Don't wait. Guests who join the presale are already booking their state rooms and you can get in line right behind them. Visit top shelf country cruise.com to join the presale for free. No deposit required.


All O George Tie five. Final segment of the evening. I the q and a. I enjoyed this tonight. Boy, this is a good one bro. Hey, you ain't say nothing about my belli jacket man. We ain't even talking about the concert. R Great Bocelli. Yeah man. Hey, that thing was beautiful, boy. Isn't he blind? Yeah, he can. Yeah. He can't see. He had a accident as a child. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I thought so. Beautiful concert man. Well, ain't nothing wrong with his voice. Oh, absolutely not. Aaron. Owen says, what's up Uncle Ocho Mac McClung versus Zach Levine. Aaron Glory Gordon. All three best in the dunk contest. Who you taking? Well why you, why you left out Ja moron. Because I got Ja all of Boy, that'll be a good one.


Yes sir. Matt, Zach, Aaron Gordon. I still, I still got my clung. I still got my clung winning. I still got my clung winning. 'cause I know he can do more from a creative standpoint. Yeah. And it just, but I mean, having seen Zach Levine and some of the dunks he did and seeing Aaron Gordon, some of the dunks he did. Man. A What you think, I think Ocho for me is gonna be all about who's judging because what you like Ocho you like creativity.


Creativity Comes down. If you think about Ocho, all these guys right here don't miss a lot of dunks. So you gonna get a lot of first dunks? Yeah. Or first make, you know, first make attempts. Yeah. Ooh. Ooh. I think it's gonna be McClung against Levine. I thought Wait, Levine is what? Six Seven. Six, six. Okay. Oh, so he, he Jordan Height. Like Kobe? Yeah. Nah, I I I still got, I still got McClum. Boy You go McClum. Yeah, He, he, he can, he can do more.


And the fact that he's only six two when he, when he execute these dunks, it just looks different. It looks better. And, and the thing is, you know, it is though Joe, he's a two foot jumper. Yeah. So he's getting maximum elevation. Now if you look at Levine, Levine is more of a one foot dunker. Aaron Garner is a two foot dunker. Dominique was a two foot dunker. Yeah. Jordan is a one foot dunker. Yeah. So they gonna glide, McClung is going to elevate you like Yeah. Damn. And you know who else was real springy too that played for the Lakers? Remember remember Shannon Brown?


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Absolutely. Man effortlessly bouncing. Yeah. Yeah. He had crazy UPS Rule broadcast. NFL 13 minute halftime show was better than the NBA as weekend corny celebrity game busted Saturday night. Adam Silver better start thinking with his m and m shaped. I don't, I don't really know. I don't really know ocho, what they can do. Told you they gotta leave it in the player's hands. Nah, that's what got 'em in this position.


That's what got him in this position. I I, I, I don't know. I thought, listen, when we did the segment early in the show, I was thinking really hard and I'm one creative son of a gun and I, I couldn't think of nothing. Dexter Jones said, keeping a buck on this is all LeBron James fault. Hey, that's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. Dexter. I'm gonna have to disagree. Dark said there's no format change that will make players give a f. All it takes is them trying. I totally agree.


They stop trying and the game with the ish, the only way it's gonna come back up, they start trying again. And that's the only one way to get in the try. I don't care how much money they make. If you adding a little to the pot, they going to play. That's the world we live in. Listen, Kim said, I think it's because the players don't hate each other. They like, like they did back in the day. Well, Everybody didn't Have something to do with Everybody didn't hate each other back then. Unc. It was just a spec few. Yeah, it was just a select few back there. I mean, But, but it's not like it is now. I mean a lot of these guys played on the same a a U team.


They've been knowing each other since they were nine or 10. Yeah. But this is the, A lot of these guys Magic said he knew about Bird but this was like when they was tried out for the what? The 80, the li before the eighties got boycotted the 80 Olympics. But they wasn't playing No a a U ball. No traveling team like it is now. Ocho. Yeah, but unc, even if they did play au ball, when it's time when they in regular season, they actually play, they actually they competing now you get to the All Star game. There's no we ocho competing. This is on But ocho, this is PT O. But the thing about ocho, a lot of these guys played, you know, Zion and Z and Zion and Jarrah played on the same traveling team. Yeah.


Mom bringing cookies and milk. Y'all while y'all riding the bus together. Y'all riding the cars together. Right. A lot of these guys play been knowing each other since they were nine or 10. It's hard to build up animosity with someone that you know personally for that length of time. Yeah. You know, and you don't really need Animo. I'm just saying to my point is you don't need animosity to be able to go out there and compete and saying, you know what? I'm from the bus show. You know what? I want curse so bad. But anyway, I'm from the bus show. You know what now I don't care how long we played together. You're not Finn embarrass me in the game of basketball that's competitive with the name. Right. The back of my jersey with means of people watching. I'm coming to show up and show out. Right.


Dexter Jones says it's leadership. You say you don't know when it happened. Look at all the All-Star games after Kobe left. So LeBron, so what about the other guys? So LeBron got to get, so LeBron got together and said, okay guys, we ain't gonna play hard today. But you know, LeBron could be the one. You know what LeBron gotta do? You know what Kobe did? Kobe went out there and played like it was the regular season game. What happens if LeBron goes out there and plays hard? What you think? What you think everybody else gonna do? They gonna follow, Do what they been doing. They Gonna follow No shh, nah. LeBron go out there and go, go ball to the wall where everybody finna follow. Mm No baby Jesus four forum said the NBA should take notes from NHL split the teams by nation and maybe they'll play for pride.


I usually don't watch hockey but I have these fast few days and it's been exciting. I agree. What was it if the US Canada feeling and sweet Sweden? Mm, I think that was the nation's. No, 'cause I think the, the US beat Canada last night and I think Phil beat Sweden. I like Harvey. Well they need to try something because this, this what they had the last four or five years.


It ain't yet. And this format tonight, it ain't that wasn't it Big, big Mike. Big Mike said someone broke it down and totaled the minutes play for three games. There was a total of 30 minutes, 41 seconds, two hours and 26 minutes of everything else. Me, it is entertaining but sometimes you could do too much. Maybe, maybe I'm a Browns fan, but I believe Rogers would have the same or better with Stefanki offense and Elevate like Joe Flacco could. Yeah. He knows the offense. It's the west coast offense. Yeah, I agree. NFL matchup highlights What's up Unc Ocho love the the show.


I got a question for Ocho Ocho, I know Reva's a champ. Two of the best DBS you face. You also faced Crowe, Antonio Kumar, Nadi Asis and Al Harris. How great were those guys in their Prime? Oh man, they were good. They were the real deal. They, they were the real deal. Especially Al Al was a real deal. Especially in Bump and Run. Al and Mike McKenzie, they ain't playing off. They, they right in your face. They right in your grill. They gonna talk to you. Al gonna talk to you. Crow was really good. Crow had that long stride, really good in the transition. You know he had okay technique, Nodi Long, very lengthy. Yeah, very, very lengthy. He was good with his hands.


He was good. Other player that played man to man, especially with the Raiders, you know, I don't Know what happened to him when he Went to Philly. When went to Philly. I don't know what happened either. But when he was with Oakland, man, listen, he was, he was nice up there. I had the opportunity to play with him once out there in the black hole. Revu obviously re's technician, everything. Ball skills, everything. Elite. I mean everything. The VUS reminds me of what Derrick Stingley is right now. Not, not the quick twitch and all that. I think Res is a little bit more patient when it comes to playing the the Oh yeah. But as far as everything else Res Ain't never going for the first movie. Absolutely. You not. Absolutely not. And I say it all the time when I talk about Reva's, I say Res had the patience of Sally Mae.


So you think about all the people that owed loans, them, them people, Sally Mae getting them loans no time soon. And that's how patient got damn Viss was at that line. And he always played Bum had a nice arm bar and as soon as the arm bars, once you pass maybe eight or seven yards, eight or nine yards, he getting his eyes right back. Yep. He getting his eyes behind him to make sure to locate the ball to see what it is. And he had elite ball skills where most dvs panic. He never panicked. Never panicked. Yeah. He was Really, if you don't stack him, you ain't catching it. Yeah, Yeah. You ain't catch him. If you don't stack, if you don't stack Reba's, he gonna run your ass right outta bounds. He, he gonna be hip and hip with you every time And, and Just, And he, you know what? And he He wasn't fast. Huh?


He wasn't, no he wasn't no speed merchant. His technique was so he was always in position to make a play and he usually, he had a smooth ass on bar. Damn my curse. Oh yeah. He had a smooth on bar just to make sure he kept himself in position. Yep. Vivian Uncle Ocho, just say thanks a lot for all you do. I received my beanie. I'm wearing it now. Thank you Vivian. Greatly appreciate that. Whoa, doc. Where my beanie? It's Finland. Yeah, I said Finland and Sweden. What? Where my beanie? I was like us and Canada. Finland and Sweden. Did I say that? Georgia. Oh you say the players.


I don't know if Finland is I be a feeling could be named Finland or Sweden or Canada. Is there a person named Canada? I don't think it was a player named USA. Dr. Frankie say, Hey fam, people always talk about pressure making D diamonds. Do you think pressure reveals who you really are or creates who you become? Love y'all Pressure make diamonds. Everybody. Everybody can't take that pressure off. You can't. And all different facets of life, whether it be work, whether it be sports, you know, whether it be relationships, you know, pressure bust pipes. Yeah. The time pressure, fold Pressure is what you feel when you're not prepared or you don't know what the hell you're doing.


I said, man, man, hold on. Oh I, I done left the notepad. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. What? Go. Go. Bring that boy. Bring that back home to me. Now You pressure. Yeah. When you're not prepared or you don't know what the hell you're doing Like that.


I like that. But also due to the circumstance of a situation that also brings pressure as well. Even if you are prepared, What could they do in the game that you practice all week? What could they do? Prepare it all week. Yeah. You watch the tape. Yeah. You know down in distance, you know area of the field. You know what they like to do on second, first and 10. Yeah. Second and five, third and three. One to three third and five to seven. Third loan, nickel, dime. Yep. Didn't matter. All you gotta do is execute.


That's it. That's it.


That concludes this edition of Nightcap that was brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network. Today.


I'm your favorite. Aunt Shannon Sharp. That guy, the Liberty City legend. The Bingo Ring of Fame ought read the Pro Bowler, the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you for your continued support. Make sure you check out Shaa by La Portier. We do have it in stock and if you can't find it any city or state near you, order it and celebrate 2025. Please drink responsibly, be safe. Go follow my media company page on all of his platform. She Shea Media, my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out.


We just dropped our Nightcap and Lover's collection on Friday. The link is pin in the chat supplies are limited. Once they're gone, they're gone. Team Shaq wins the All-Star game ocho. They won 41 to 25 over Team Chuck. I don't know if it really moved the needle for the fans that were watching. I don't think so, but we'll see what the ratings are when they come out tomorrow and see if anybody liked it. I don't think they did, but we'll see. But thank you guys for joining us for Nightcap. I'm Unc he ocho. We'll see you tomorrow night. Thank you for joining us. The Volume.


This one's for the Food Obsessed for the phone Eats first person for the influencer who knows about a new spot before it's popping. And for the person who's all in on Dining Out with Amex Gold, you can earn four times points at restaurants up to $50,000 and up to $100 back annually in statement credits. On eligible purchases at US resi restaurants So you can get rewarded for eating what you love. That's the powerful backing of American Express term supply. Cap applies. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash with amex.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't want to miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase. Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company,


Do you own a business that's ready to thrive? It's time to let Intuit QuickBooks take things like unpaid invoices and tracking expenses off your plate So you can take things to the next level. Intuit QuickBooks is an all-in-one business platform that can help with those day-to-day tasks like invoicing and expenses, manage and grow your business all in one place. Intuit QuickBooks, your way to Money. Money Movement services are provided by Intuit Payments Inc. Licensed as a money transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services


At David's bridal, love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom, dress, and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person, book an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more at david's bridal.com.