
Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they will say


safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington DC


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. We get the best start to the day because we started together. Watch the Today Show weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back. We're partnering with Nissan. So pull up to their exclusive lounge to get a special look at the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks and Nissan Rogue. The Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than CR-V and RAV4 and features available 12.3 inch touchscreen display while the all new Nissan Kicks holds it down with a totally redesigned interior cabin with features like available wireless apple CarPlay, and available panoramic moon roof. Relax and see how Nissan is leveling up the game. Come kick it. April 26th, that Pullman Yards in Atlanta. Get ready for culture, community, and good conversation.


Let's bogo the hopin Good sale at Designer Shoe Warehouse is on. Buy any pair of shoes in store or online. Get a second qualifying pair. 50% off. Yep. Must have sandals, sneakers, and more from brands you love are buy one. Get one 50% off at DSW, but only for a limited time. So hop to it. Fill your basket and score BOGO 50% off at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


The volume,


The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the hot stakes, drama, clutch moments, and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting. Draft King Sports book has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playing games all the way through the finals, now it's time to back your favorite player and teams as they go. Chase Glory. All season long DraftKings has been your go-to spot for NBA player prompts and that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30, 40 or even more? It's your call ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app now. Lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for you. First timers, new drafting customers bet $5 and get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 instantly. And bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax Season Boost Mobile wants you to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the earth a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Coach Prime made a very interesting admission on his. We Got Time Today, podcast time was asked about habits and, and, and, and, and it took a turn for the response. I've never in my life pleasured myself, God is my witness in Jesus' name. I'm telling you the God's honest truth. My next statement is gonna sound arrogant. Never had to. I'm with time on that one. You Ain't never had to. Nope. What? Well, I'm, listen, I Even that song when I say I touch myself when nobody's around me. Yeah, I know anybody else.


When I think about you, I no, that ain't me. Can I, Can I, can I tell you something? Yeah. Chad, and we, we family fellas, I don't know if y'all have done this before, but Unc and I listen, I I I'm not ashamed, but sometimes in my younger days when I would know I would be going to see somebody or I would know someone would be coming to me, I would have to do that and heard me get one out the way to, to ensure that I last longer. Nah, you who get what you Get. Yeah. I'm, I'm just, I'm just telling you it, it was a tactic. It it was a, a strategy that I used and it worked to make sure to ensure that, You know, I wasn't, You know, two minutes or three minutes or where it might've been if I, if I went in there fresh.


So I got one out the way. So when she came in, I was able to show it. Nah, the f hell no. Oh no. They won. Sparks will make you show out. Oh, this I'm talking about, I'm talking about way back in 94 and 95. I ain't had No Oh yeah, yeah. No. O ocho. You go get this. Hey, you gonna get this hot dog in the, you gonna get this hot dog in the microwave? Two minutes. It's exploding. I'm sorry. You done hit it with the Bernie Mac. If you don't, hey, if you don't get mine when I get, if you don't get yours when I get mine, you fresh outta, You know what with me? Hey, A hundred meter dash you.


Same boat. Tyson, gay, Johan, Blake, Justin Gatlin. Listen, you ain't got nothing to prove, huh? It's a race to the finish. Ryan Kugler's latest film centers just hit theaters today and it's already making Waves. A certified fresh on Rotten Tomatoes. Currently at 98% approval. Kugler Reunites with Michael B. Jordan. Michael B. Jordan plays Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack. This movie gave us horror, his history, action, comedy, musical. I don't think I've ever seen a movie like this before. Ocho Ocho I watched the movie. I know you watched It also started out a little slow.


Yeah. But once it got going, Yeah. Ryan did his thing on this one. He did his thing on this one. And I'm not, I'm not the biggest horror movie, horror movie type of a guy, which, I mean, look, I've seen all the, the Halloweens and the Friday the 13th and The Nightmare on Elm Street. I've seen those. But I, You know, I saw Carrie when it first came out. I saw the Oldman Remember? And you remember Carrie? Yeah, I remember Carrie. Yeah. Yeah. But Ocho he did Michael B. Jordan did his thing. I've always been a big Delroy Lindo fan. So I'm, I've, sir what's the, what's the big dude? What was Cornbread? What's cornbread real name?


Miller. His last name Miller. The big dude. I, I know what you talking about. I don't, I don't know. I don't know his, I don't know his Name. Oh yeah. But hey, if you get a chance, check it out. Smoke and Stack come back home. You know Omar. Oh, Omar, Omar, Omar, Vincent Miller. Omar. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, They leave, they come back. But boy, what they come back to, they wasn't looking for that. Not at all. Listen. And I hate, I hate to be a spoiler and a lot of people they complain about on, on Twitter, they on X and, and Instagram. When people go watch movies and you saw it first. And I don't want to be one to spoil a movie for anybody, but I need you to go see it.


I need you to go see it. So you have a better understanding on what Coler has done with this masterpiece. Yeah. Fact that they got 98, 90 8% on Rotten Tomatoes. And You know how hard it is to get a high percent Yes. Rating. I do the movie on Rotten Tomatoes that lets You know, he put his foot in this movie. Michael B. Jordan was phenomenal. Yes. Haley Steinfeld, like I said, I'm like, okay, where, where, where, where, where they go? Where they going with this? You know, smoking stack come back. I forget what, what's the guy's name? He goes to church and he got the broken get. But anyway, so I, I'm, I'm, I'm, because I'm, You know, I'm all over the place. Okay.


I'm like here and I'm like, here I'm, I, I'm, you Gotta pay. You gotta pay attention to now you gotta pay attention. You gotta pay attention Because it shows up with the guitar. It's a day after. So Yeah, don't tell too much. Na don't tell too much. Don't Tell. Okay. So, so you, you, you gotta go back. You know, they get, Hey, hey, hey, smoke and Stack, they played good money. Hey, but smoke, smoke, smoke. The dude they tried to steal the money off the truck. They tried to steal out the truck and she called him, he let him get down there. He shot what Bow shot him in. That shot him in his tail and did hit the other dude in the knee. But hey Ryan, you did your thing.


You know, and I've always been a fan of his Michael B. Jordan. I, I like, I I like Michael B. Jordan Fruitvale Station, Oscar Grant Plastic. He played that man, Michael B. Jordan played that. Oh, he played, he played it, he played that role. You know, obviously you see him in Creed and you remember him in Black, black Black Panther. But Michael B. Jordan, it's, You know what it kind of reminds you of, of a young Spike Lee, Denzel, You know, a lot of Spike. You know, spike Lee was Every, everything they did together, the chemistry Yes. Was perfect. Yes. Because You know what you're getting Kogler know what he getting outta Michael Jordan. Yep. Michael B. George. And he always puts him in the best positions to highlight his strengths.


Yes. He cuts a fool every time. Hey, ain't nobody told y'all half to move. Take y'all ass to see the movie. Cheap Asses. Ain't nobody told y'all half to move. Y'all don't know nothing. Y'all don't know no character. Now, all y'all know is Smoking Stack. That's why, that's why I try not to say much. And they're gonna talk about, man, you tell us the movie, man, y'all don't know nothing. Y'all don't remember nothing. How the movie start out then exactly what happened? Oh No, but like I said, man, it's been a while. Oh, Joe, I was a big, I was a big, big movie fan.


When I say I was a guy, go to the movies now. I bet y'all ain't nobody I've got, I've seen six movies in one day. That's the record. That's the most movies I've done now. I was routine. I see two, but I saw six. I went to the movie at about 10 50 and I didn't get home till after midnight. Wait, when was this? 19 9, 19 96. So I, can I tell you, can I ask you, can I tell you, if I'm gonna ask you if you did this, did you pay for one movie? I paid for one movie And then and then wait, and then go on the next one? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I I I, I'm just making sure I I don't feel bad because I did that as well. I never forget. I'm not sure if we have any people in the chat.


Remember remember the Omni the Omni Hotel? Yeah. The movie theater used right there by the Miami Herald Center. Hey, I, I, I am one who also did that paid, paid for one ticket and waited to go into another theater to see another one. Yeah. Cut It. Wouldn't, wouldn't Nobody would've believed that. Come on, bro. Y'all, if you think I snuck in here. Yeah, I did. Hey, do they still have dollar movies? I remember you. Hey, y'all remember Chad? Y'all remember the Dollar movies? It's 2025. Huh? You know, it ain't no dollar movies. Okay, well, okay. What about, what about like, like, like, okay, like the old movies. So maybe like $3 then how much is a matinee? About $12 maybe Chad, how much is Matney?


Yeah. While you bull driving. But I, I wanna go to the movie though because I hadn't been, I hadn't been to the movie since maybe Pandemic. I think I've been one time since The Pandemic, pandemic Pandemic messed up everything. It did, It did, It started, it started to give not just a movie on You gotta go to Ce Bistro. Oh, I go to CE Bistro. Okay, okay. Okay. I thought I, I picked two. I pick I two. Yeah. Got the reclining chairs. They used to give you hot popcorn. They charge you ass for that. Yeah. And a blanket and a pillow. But hey, Just because they give you a blanket and a pillow. People don't bring y'all ass in there with pajamas. Really? Y'all do it too much. Come on now. Hey man, that, that, that center bistro in, in Miami, I think.


Is it Dolphin Mall? Yeah. By Dolphin Mall. Oh my God. The food, I, I've been there one time. Man. They bring you the popcorn like you just said. I think it might have been Kaari. No, it was popcorn. Maybe it was Popcorn and Kaari. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I Had, I had the steak, steak with the Potatoes. They said matinee is like between five and $7. And what and what what we are at Matinee. How much of matinee cost y'all? Nah, five and $7. It's 2025. They tripping. I, I, and I tell you what, I got a cutoff time. I can't see no late movie. Nine o'clock, 10 o'clock, no midnight movie. 'cause You know, I didn't have the Midnight show. Like a lot of times the Marvel movies, they'll start at midnight on Thursday.


Man, I ain't going up in no movie At no damn midnight, man. I'm going to sleep. You'll be asleep. Yep. No, I, I, Hey, give me a, Hey Ocho is it, if the correct way to go about it, do you go to the movie and go to dinner or do you go to dinner and then go to the movie? No, you go, you go to the movie first. See, you go, you go to the movie, the movie's. Your, the movie is your main course. Your main course in a sense. And then dinner is, okay, let's talk about the movie. So it gives you something to talk about at dinner on top of whatever topics you also wanna discuss. Yeah. A lot of people, a lot of, You know, used to be the thing, you take a lady to dinner, I mean take to the movies, but You know, now women don't like to go to the movie 'cause it's like it's all dark.


You can't talk. I was like, okay. You right. You right, you right, You, You know what's funny? Anything, I'm trying to think how, how, how do you say it? Coffee dates. They don't like movie dates. They don't like anything where conversation is to be had. They don't like No. If, yeah, if, if, listen, I can't use, I can't do dinner in a movie because if I get dinner and you go to the movie, you gonna be watching it by yourself. The only thing I'm watching is the back of my eyelids Sleep. Yes sir. Knock. Yeah. I did tried it one time. You know, I'm, Hey, You know, it's like, oh, let's go to the movie.


Let's go to dinner and then go to the movie. Okay. Right. Hey, lights. Wait, hold on. What if it's a good movie though? Look, hey, my, hey, my body don't know if it's good or not. All my body know is tired. I done got that. Yeah, man. It it is, it is some, it is some stuff that, that it is just exciting. Do you remember that feeling? I don't know if you saw it when Troy came out when 300 came out. Oh yeah. Braveheart. Yeah. When Glad when Glad when Glad had came, man. Yeah. Rough. Oh, them movies was At 300.


You remember the movie 300? Yeah, yeah, yeah. This is Sparta. Hey, that's something I use that. All right. I'm not gonna bring that. We, we been, I've been clean all show. I'm not gonna Yeah. A man on your man. I done got, I done eight man A them lights go down. Them them chair laid back. Yeah. They tried to tell me. So, Okay, okay. Okay. I see where you're going with it. I see where you're going with it. Okay. You sleep? No, I watch it. And another thing, Ocho, look here. Mo I, I may maybe it's just me. Yeah. Ocho long as they like when the lights are up.


Yes sir. Talk. Oh, Johnny, I love what you've done. Yeah. Me and hella we up in a, we went to Sag Har. Oh my God, it's beautiful up there. This stop. Talk as much as you want. Okay, light come down


Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today, if these walls could talk, they will say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington. DC


Spring is here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost when you can't get a well, well-groomed lawn delivered. But you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered A cabana. That's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now alcohol and select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. This Is today. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. When things are tough, we talk about it. When there's something to figure out, we dig into it. And when there's joy, we celebrate It. Because today is where it's all happening. We get the best start to every morning because we start it together. Watch The Today Show with Savannah Guthrie and Craig Melvin. Weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


What's good fam? The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back and taking over Pullman Yards in Atlanta on Saturday, April 26th. And it's gonna be a whole vibe. Doors open at 11:00 AM So you already know. It's an all day celebration of black excellence and we're partnering with Nissan to bring you an event you won't want to miss. 'cause it's all going down in the Nissan Lounge. If you haven't seen the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks or the Nissan Rogue yet, this is your moment. From available intelligent around view monitor to available bulls personal plus sound system. The all new Nissan Kicks is ready. Whether you're cruising through the city or hitting the highway, the Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than CRV and RAV4 with available HD enhanced, intelligent around view monitor with moving object detection and a standard VC turbo engine. So pull up to the Nissan Lounge to explore their cutting edge features. Snap some epic picks and see which ride matches your energy, music, love, culture and community all in one place. So come through, show out and make some memories. Tickets are on sale now at black effect.com/podcast Festival.


Now You know, now You know how people gonna talk through the, through the movie. Now Hey, I'm going to see, I'm going to see any Tyler Perry movie. I'm going to see that of matinee. Tell her Chop. Hey Chop. Who? I wish I would God. You all Through the movie? Yes, all through the movie. That's classic. That That's us though. That's us. It's gonna be in, Man, you can't listen. Stop talking during the movie, please. I don't know if somebody got shh. I mean, now look, each of I ain't got no problem 'cause I was, me and I went to me and I was in New York.


Only time I went to the movie, me and camera guy, we were really cool. Freddy Shami. So, so we, You know, we back there. Oh, Joe, we eat the popcorn. Yeah, Dude. Turn around. How much longer are you gonna be eating that? I looked at my book. I said until it's gone. What the FI Mean, but you were chewing loud or Something, first of all. So what am I supposed to do? Hey, that's funny though.


That's, I'm chewing. I chew like I chew. Man, ain't nobody chewing no popcorn. Hey, that's funny. I mean, what I'm, I'm just trying to figure out how am I supposed popcorn is not a, is not something that's silent. Right? The Same thing as Chip. How do you eat Chip? Chip? So what am I supposed to do? Just put the chip in my mouth and let it melt. Hold on. He shouldn't have been able to hear you eating popcorn if the movie's playing anyway. I Don't know what he was talking about. Talking about how long, how how much longer, how much longer you going to I look at my bug in the popcorn until it's gone. When it gone I'll stop Man.


Please man. But I, I ain't been to the movie. I, I wanna go to the I'm, I'm gonna get out. I'm gonna get to a movie. What? I need to see what's out. I done saw, I done saw A-A-A-A-A Center. So I can't go see that. Listen, Anything else about worth seeing guys, I sentence is good enough to see twice. Not for the prices they be talking about y'all talking about what you call them. You know what I telling you? You know what Matt 13 Ron Ryan came on and he say when we come to the Super Bowl next year, because we are taking Nightcap on the road, going to the Super Bowl, he gonna join us. Right. You know what Ocho I'm, I'm gonna go get, I'm gonna go get, I think the movie like 27. Do I picked like 27, 20 $8.


Yeah. I said, man, I remember back in the day, dollar $53, you and your girl went to the movies and I you could, you could take your to the movies. She get a big old thing. Y'all can share a bucket of popcorn. You can get a, you can get candy and sodas for like 10, $12. Yeah. And You know what sentence is the sentence is the perfect movie. I doubt it. Chad, y'all could probably help me and let me know. It's a movie that you can see more than once. But the perfect place to see centers if they do it is at a drive-in Yeah. The Perfect movie for a drive-in theater. It is. Yeah. I like it. It's definitely, I I definitely, I it is definitely, it's definitely worth seeing.


It's definitely worth seeing. I think Michael B. Jordan, Michael B. Jordan did an unbelievable job. So if y'all get an opportunity, man, go out there and check out centers. Man. He did a, he did a a unbelievable job. No, y'all laughing, but I think, I think I pick his like 27, 20 $8. It was, I mean that was like five Years ago. I, huh? I pick expensive. I I pick As a matter of fact on Saturday night as you was like $32 on a Saturday because that was a like new movies Prime. Yeah. I still got a lot of, a lot of passes. But the passes they had, oh, you can't use them for new releases. What the, what the hell y'all keep giving them to me for? Hey, is Ma Magic Johnson theater still there right off of Crenshaw Stocker or Is Gone?


Don't start me the line, only time I out that neck of the woods when I'm heading to SoFi. Right. Hey, Chad is magic. Anybody in LA in the chat is Magic Johnson's theater still right there off of Crenshaw Stalker. 26. I pick. It's $26. How much is it on the weekend? Really? Well they been getting old me because they charged me more than that on the weekend. I Think you you, I Think you gotta pay senior citizen discount. I mean No, you ain't got that.


Ah, here she is. Hello. The only woman, go ahead. Here she is. Bianca Bel Air. Bianca, how you doing? I'm doing good. I'm in Vegas. I'm getting ready for WrestleMania, so I'm doing good. How are you? Ooh, I'm good. So lemme ask you a question. You getting ready for WrestleMania? Tell me what you're going through. So what's the steps now? Okay, it's a couple of days away from WrestleMania. Are you doing anything different? Are you eating anything different? You're making sure you get your rest. What, what, what are you going? Oh, I'm locked in. It's WrestleMania. So Wrestlemania's our Super Bowl. So yeah, I'm, I'm dieting. Listen, my body is full of water, grilled chicken, broccoli.


I'm over here at like, working out. I'm big and strong right now. Dang. Ocho bigger than yours. Ocho Hey, put your arms down Ocho. Hey, You know I, I I, Hey B, can I, can I call you bb I gotta give you, Yeah, that's good. That's good. Okay. Now I understand. When it comes to wrestling now, I, I'm, I'm known historically for my bad diet and still being able to play at a high level eating McDonald's only. Is it, is your diet strict? Are you vegetarian, vegan, or I I don't know some of these other names or do you, do you vegetarian Cheat meals? No, I have cheat meals. So I'm, I'm somebody, I'm somebody who I don't like to, I, I, I'm moderation, right? Like, I don't like to like cut anything out.


If I want it, I have it in moderation, but when it's WrestleMania, I lock in. I, I pretty much, I tried to have cheat meals, so I'm ready for Sunday. I'm on night two WrestleMania. And after Sunday, after I defeat EO and Ria and I take that title, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna be in McDonald's probably the next day. Yeah. So, so tell me about the triple. So, so Bianca, tell us about the triple threat match. How does That go? Yeah, so I have a title match. I'm, I'm in a triple threat match. I'm going against R Ripley and right now our WWE women's champion is El Scott. So it's a triple threat and whoever gets the first pin wins. So at this point I won elimination chamber. I'm supposed to be gonna WrestleMania. I was supposed to be, I was supposed to be facing re e EO Sky.


And it's just been a bunch of shenanigans. Like my path to WrestleMania has been crazy. I ended up being a special guest referee and so now it's a triple threat. So that's why I'm going up against the WrestleMania. Oh, okay. Now hold on. What happened? You, Jade and Naomi, y'all were cool. I know Jade, my girl. What? Hold on now. Hey, if, if this will be, I don't know, I might have to come down there. Bianca something. Now what really going on, It is crazy right now. WrestleMania season, it gets crazy and it breaks my heart. Yeah. You know, it's, so much has happened in the year. Last WrestleMania, you had the big three. You had me, Jay, Naomi, we were having the tag match. Yeah, Jade and I, we were in a tag team together.


We, we did amazing things. We put the tag team division on the map and then it's just a lot happened. You know, Jay got taken out and Naomi stepped in so that I wouldn't have to relinquish that title 'cause I felt like we put so much hard work into it. And so the whole time we trying to figure out who took Jade out and come to find out it was Naomi What Heard It, it was Naomi Pridefully good for nothing. Trust Me, I was just as confused as everybody else. Jay came back, I thought she was coming back. I, listen, I done been loud and wrong the whole time. I'm, I've been attacking other girls thinking they, the ones that did it, making enemies. Jay came back. I think she, I'm thinking she coming for Liv.


She start beating up Naomi. I'm like, what is going on? So, yeah. Good. At this point I feel like I'm, I'm now stuck in the middle, You know, if Jade, she, I don't think she trusted me right now. And I'm like, what? I'm confused. So right now I feel like we're, we're trying to get through WrestleMania. Jade has a match with Naomi, which breaks my heart. I have a, a triple threat match. And I think we're just trying to get through WrestleMania then, You know, maybe we'll revisit that and, and, and try to figure all that out. It's crazy. Hey, You know what, speaking, speaking, speaking of WrestleMania, listen, you've, you've created some historic, historic moments at WrestleMania, obviously. And looking back, if, if you are able to look back, what's your favorite WrestleMania memory moments so far?


Ooh. I mean, I definitely have to go with Main Event and WrestleMania with Sasha Banks. We made history. We were the first two black women to, to Main event WrestleMania. It was coming right off of the pandemic. So it was a, a crazy time in the world. But I, I was, I was a rookie. My very first year I found myself in the main event of WrestleMania. I won the SmackDown title. We won an espb off of that match. So we got rec recognized in the world of sports, which I'm all about because I've been an athlete my whole life. So, and ever since that moment, like, it's just changed the whole trajectory of my career. And it's been uphill since then. But that's, that's the memory that's always gonna stick with me because it was more than just about having a wrestling match, You know, like it was about inspiring generations to come and being representation.


So that's definitely like the moment that sticks with me. Right. Hey Bianca, I wanna ask a question. This is Joe. What's your, what's your regimen as far as working out? I see you cut up over there. What you, how, how, how you stay to, what you doing? Yoga, Pilates, what you, what's the secret? Ooh, I don't Cut up like a bag. Well, is it, listen, I don't do yoga and Pilates because I can't sit still. I'm, I'm a, I'm a girl who, same. I lift very heavy weight. I do a lot of circuit training, but I live very heavy weight. I do a lot of circuit training, like CrossFit type of training. But I can't sit still.


I can't get with the yoga and Pilates That, that CrossFit, it's not a lot of wrist in there. It is just like constant, constant moving, huh? Yeah, it, it, to me, it, it's like the best thing to do that kind of simulates wrestling 'cause it's full body movements and it's just like circuit training. Yeah. So you more of a hit you more of a hit type of a workout. You like high intensely and you like to keep it going? Yes. So I'm gonna do, I'm gonna do this for an hour. I know I'm gonna burn maximum calories. I'm getting full body because look, everybody ain't got tired, but I'm gonna hit testing, try, I'm gonna hit back pie. I'ma hit hamstrings today. I'm gonna hit quad tomorrow. I'm gonna do, You know, I'm trying to get into age. I got A-A-A-A-A, a small amount of time.


I'm gonna get in the gym. I'm gonna kill it all. I'm hitting back, shoulders, hams, hamstrings, we gonna Do it. Squats a full body workout. I mean, we travel a lot. So like we, we always have to try to find whatever gym might be a hotel, gym, whatever gym is on the corner that day. Like, so we have to try to like adjust to what we're doing. So I'm always trying to get the best workout in. I'm always a hit girl. I'm not doing cardio A hi. And I love the Peloton. Like I stay on the Peloton. That's the only way I can do cardio on, on a, on a machine. Yeah. Really. So, but when you, lemme ask you this, when you work out, do you have, do you like listen to music or do you just I do, I do. I do. But my, my playlist is like all over the place.


I, I be, I'd be having like Meg and Cardi and, and then next thing You know, it's Kurt Franklin. Like, I listen, I listen to a lot of gospel music when I work out because I be going through it. I'm like, Lord, just Jesus, take the wheel. Help me get through this. 'cause when you, when people be asking me and I come work out with you and I be like, I don't Think you wanna do that because Right. I be, I be getting it in. What, What, what different, what different sports did you, did you play Good? So I started out with it with track and field and gymnastics. So those were, those are like my, my my two bases, which I feel like is, You could see the foundation. Yeah, that's my foundation. Track and field and gymnastics.


And I did those sports. Majority of my life. I played basketball as well. You good? Who? But I'm sorry. I mean, I, I'm little. I was, I was good on defense. I, I got, I got the rebounds. Listen, IIII say that, I say that to ask like what sports you played growing up. And I just want to know at what point was the transition for you really when you realize, You know, a wrestl is my calling and not the other sports that I played as a, as a, yeah. That didn't happen until I was an adult. I was 27. So I went to college in ran track. I went to University of Texas a and m and University of Tennessee.


I ran track and after, after college, I was like, I've been an athlete my whole life. I, I have to do something. So that's when I found CrossFit. Right. And I realized like my whole life I've been grinding and trying to get a scholarship and working so hard. I was forgetting to have fun when I was working, when I was playing sports. So CrossFit, I was like, okay, I'm having fun. I'm gonna make it some my own outfits. I was going out there in tutu's. I was turning flips and then doing the power clean and press and grabbing a microphone and talking to the audience. And Mark Henry, who's a, a WWE Hall of Fame, he saw a video of me. He's like, you're basically a wrestler. You, you, you're basically wearing a wrestling gear. You're talking to the audience. And I didn't really watch wrestling growing up.


My brother watched it, so I would watch it here and there with him. So I was just somebody who didn't know much about the business. So he got me a tryout and I did two tryouts, got hired, had no idea what I was doing. And then I completely fell in love with it. So I love meeting people who always say like, I don't watch Wrestl. That's that's not for me. Or I haven't watched it since back in the day. And I'm like, listen, that used to be me. Right? Just, just come to a show, just watching you gonna fall in love. So much has changed. And so I feel like it's my soulmate. Like I think of it as, as like my husband, like once wrestling came into my life, I'm like, where have you been this whole time? This is what I've been looking for.


Wow. Now, You know, Jade played college basketball also. So one-on-one who, who, who, who, Listen, we did hot ones and we had to play basketball. And she whooped me. She whooped me. I call myself the EST. But she, she whooped me in basketball. Yeah. She, You know, she, she, she's really athletic. I've seen her out a couple times. She used to train with the trainer that trained me when I retired. No, she, she, she's, y'all work out. Have y'all worked out together? We haven't. Every time we went on, we would go on the road. We would try to get together and work out. Well actually one time we did work out, but we actually read our mouths more than we worked out. So that didn't, that didn't, that didn't go well.


Lemme here's the thing. Charlotte Flair and Tiffany Stratton got a little personal with their comments. Did you, do you think they crossed the line? You say, oh, don't worry about it. When I get y'all ass in that ring, we'll settle this. Listen in wrestling, you never know what's gonna happen. That's what's really cool about wrestling. That's what makes it entertaining. You never know when like lines are being blurred or when they're not being blurred. And You know, I think that with what happened in the ring, it, it caused a lot of conversation online and it brought more eyes to, to what's about to happen. And all I can say is I feel like a lot more people are gonna be tuned in to what's gonna be happening at WrestleMania and whatever beef they got inside and outside the ring, they gonna settle there at WrestleMania and we all gonna be locked in watching That.


What I like, I like that. You got something Joe? I'm Gonna be tuned in. I wanna see what, what they talking about. See what they got going on. Exactly. I got, well, I got, I got, I got one more question. I I got one more. If you could have a dream match for any wwe e legend, past or present, who would Mm. I will have to go with. Ooh, it's hard to pick one. Beth, Trish, You know Trish, she, she, she's, she just came in and like, had had a couple of matches she still can throw down in that ring She gets down. But for me, I think it would be Beth Phoenix just, just because she was like one of the first ones that I watched and I saw her pick up two girls on her shoulders and I'm like, she Yeah.


And I'm, I wanna do that. Like, I wanna do that Beth Phoenix and, and, and Jazz. Those would be my top two. Okay. I Like it. I like it. We saw you recently return to your high school to donate hurdles. You mentioned that you played it, you ran track at the University of South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas a and m. Curtis Fry, the head coach at Texas, at South Carolina. I think, is it McKenna now? 'cause he used to be at LSU now he's at Texas a m, correct? Oh, I'm not sure when I was there was Coach Anderson in Texas a and m. Okay. Yeah. So what, what was your fondest memory of high school? I mean, 'cause obviously you were very athletic. You had to be one of the most popular girls at that school.


I was, You know what? I was popular but not because I had a lot of friends. I was actually very quiet and reserved into myself. Into myself in high school. I had like a very select group of friends. Like my best friends to this day was my best friend when I was like eight years old, even through high school. Damn. That's awesome. But I was so locked in with track, like where everybody else was at parties. I was on the track running. I was waking up in the morning doing, I would do a thousand abs every morning and like 300 pushups every morning. And I, I was, I was focused in high school. But I think my best, it's crazy. My best memories were on the track with the track team.


Like we, yeah, we, we were like my group of friends. That was like the first lesson of like women empowerment for me because we really stuck together. We really pushed each other and we trained hard. Like we were still friends to this day. And then I think like my high school, I think like football games, like my high school, the band mimicked the HBCU type of band. Oh yeah. And I was a, yeah, I was a cheerleader and I played basketball and so like, we were like my twin team, we were like the clovers. So we were more of a step team and like I would, I would play basketball with the girls and then after the game I would go in the locker room and switch over for my basketball uniform into my cheer uniform.


And I would go out and then cheer for the boys and flip down the court. Damn. Yeah. So those are like my fondest memories. It all like revolved around like sports and stuff. So, so I can honestly say in all my life I've been, look, I've been, I was in four HI was raised on a farm. I've been to the county fair. I ain't never heard no it like that. I, I'm a hooper for the, for the women and then I'm gonna go change out. I'm gonna get my chili. I'm on top of the pyramid. Go guys. I was on the bottom of the pyramid. I was the base. Base. Yeah.


Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today if these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington. DC


Spring is here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered A cabana. That's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now alcohol and select markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. This is today with, and no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. When things are tough, we talk about it. When there's something to figure out, we dig into it. And when there's joy, we celebrate it Because today is where it's all happening. We get the best start to every morning because we start it together. Watch The Today Show with Savannah Guthrie and Craig Melvin. Weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past, discovers accepted at 99% of places to take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to discover, learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Hey, hear, hearing the stories, hearing your stories about track it, it resonates with me so well because obviously my daughter runs track right now for University of Kentucky and she, she's a sophomore and her friend, her whole core group, her nucleus is actually those that run track with her because there's nobody really outside of that. And that, that, that, that's really dope. Yeah, man, I, I always feel like women in sports, we learn our, our our best lessons. Whether, whether you go and become an Olympian or a professional athlete or not, you learn so many lessons when it comes to sports and you get so many friends that become lifelong friends. So I'm happy she's having a great experience. But You know, you said track. Go ahead. Go ahead Joe. What about your, your, your athletic ability?


Which, which parent does it come from? It comes from your mom or your dad? From both. From both. My mama said she was fast and you ran Track. She said, well no, You know, neither one of them actually played sports in high school, but they both said that they're both, they were both athletic. They ain't got, we ain't got no footage. Mm. No, they, I I just take that word for it, You know, but I have, I have to, I have to believe it because I got it from somewhere. Got from Fromwhere, I think, I think I got it from both of them. Bianca. There's nothing easy about track practice because it's, you, you have to do the work and you only gonna get in what you, you only gonna get out what you put in, put in because that's a really lonely sport.


It's a really individual sport because can't nobody help you. I always say track is, we were just talking about this with my parents over the weekend. Track is one of the hardest sports out there. And we were saying how you train so hard and like say for instance, say you run the hundred and you, you, you train for for 10 seconds, 11 seconds and Yep. It's not, you don't get, you don't get immediate immediate gratification. For instance, for like, like basketball. Even if you lose the game, ev you, you, you still score points. You score buckets. So you get that immediate gratification. Football, you might score a touchdown track is that gun goes off.


You cross the finish line. That's it. And a lot of times you hardly, if you're on, if you're like the top, top top, you, you win a lot. Right? Right. But if you're not, you hardly ever really winning track. Like, that's crazy to think about. Like you trained all these years, you trained all these days, you hardly ever really win. You're just, you're, you're, you're, you're going against yourself. You're you're going against your own time. And that's why like if you a track athlete, when they have a track meet and you ask 'em like, oh, did you win? And you're like, it doesn't matter if I won, you should ask like, did you beat your pr? Because it's always you against yourself. And it, it's, it's a very, very hard sport physically and mentally.


I for the people that they didn't watch first take, we had you on first take Stephen a and I and Molly and you you was talking to, telling us about the, the outfits that you wear. You make all of your own costumes. Yeah. Everything that you see her wear in the ring, guys, She designs. Yeah. I make everything, all of my gear. I make it most of, I make it from scratch. Some of it, if I run outta time I'll customize it, but for the most part I make it. And I've never taken a sewing class a day in my life. I learned everything through YouTube trial. YouTube. YouTube Videos. YouTube. Yep. Trial Man, let me get on YouTube right now. I'm gonna find me something I can do. You Can wait. You serious. You, you've never, you never learned how to sew, but you can do things from Watching.


Yeah, I I went on YouTube. Oh. I took home neck. So I do know how to sell a little book. I made a TI made a shirt. See, See yo see it. It's just in, in trial and error. It takes dedication and time. But I make everything and it's cool. 'cause like when I watched my, like the, the video game, the gear that I'm wearing, I I I made that my, my action figures, I made that. But it, it is rough 'cause I just, I don't have a lot of time. So a lot of time I'm sewing in like the airports I'm sewing in my hotel room. It's crazy. But I I, I keep pushing myself and I'm excited about my WrestleMania, my WrestleMania gear this year.


Bianca, do would you like to, would you like to do movies? Would you, I mean, I could see you as an action. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I did. I was in Bel Air the last season and that was really, really cool. That was my first experience of like, being in, in an actual show. But I would love it. I mean, technically what we do in, in, in wrestling with storylines, it's, it's acting, You know, and I look at people like Rock John Cena Batista, they've all really set that, that that that blueprint. And now with us yeah, going with Netflix, I feel like it's just gonna open the door more and more. So I'm, I'm excited for the future. I would, I would love to, to be in movies.


Can we expect another season of love in wwe? I I mean, I hope so. I'm waiting to to hear back. It's, it's funny though, 'cause I was somebody who was always like, I will never do reality tv. Like, it's not for me. It's, and then I learned to never say never. So, You know, the opportunity presented itself and we're like, okay, let's just, let's not try to be perfect. Let's just be real. Let's just be us and see where it goes. And we really wanted to open, like pull that curtain back and, and show people what it's like to be like a WWE superstar and be a spouse at the same time and balance that lifestyle. So I think we, like we, we spoonfed the first season, so it would be really cool to, to do a second season and show more of our, our, our life outside of wrestling.


Yeah. Yeah. For those that don't know, Bianca husband is a WWE Yeah. Participant also. So let me, how did you guys We Met in WWE e So when I say WWE like completely changed my life, it completely changed my life. It gave me a whole, You not supposed to mess with somebody at work. So, so funny story. Funny story. Yes, yes. That was the rule. And, and even Rule Breaker Mark Henry, literally, oh gosh, Mark Henry the one who got me into WWE e So when I first got into wwe, I saw, I saw him and he got injured really bad and he went away for a couple of months.


But I was like, oh, that's a beautiful man, keep him from me. And they did it. So a couple months later he came back and I was like, okay, so this is what we doing. And we just like immediately clicked and we just like never left each other aside. And then Mark Henry came to the, to the performance center, which is where we train when we first get in wwe, he pulls me aside and he's like talking to me about like, what do you wanna do? And, You know, who do you wanna be in the ring? And he's like, and You know, whatever you do don't date anybody in the business. And I'm just like, oh, Like, And I was like, okay. And I'm like, oh no, this is, what do I do now?


Yeah. So when he found out we were dating and You know, we were getting married, I think once he found out we were getting married, he was like, it's okay. Okay, cool. Different but yeah, we, we, we just broke all the rules. Well congratulations. WrestleMania 41 is this Friday and Saturday. Check it out on Peacock at 7:00 PM Eastern on Peacock WrestleMania. 41 Friday and Saturday 7:00 PM Eastern on Peacock. Anything else you want? Any, do you promoting anything? You got any supplements, anything that you wanna, did you wanna promote? Why? I'm just here to promote WrestleMania right now. I'm gonna be on night two, but wwe, we're taking over Vegas.


It's a whole week long of events. We have WWE e World with, You know, autograph signings and, and and meet and greets. And we have SmackDown on Friday Hall of Fame Friday night, WrestleMania night one, WrestleMania night two. We have Raw Monday NXT Tuesday my match is night two. I'm having a match triple threat for EEO Sky rear Ripley. I'm going after WWE e Women's World title and I'm walking outta WrestleMania as champion. 'cause you can't spell WrestleMania without EST I'm going undefeated at WrestleMania. I like it. I love that. Good luck you distance. Thank, Thank you for joining us, Bianca, best of luck. Continued success.


Congratulations on everything that you've accomplished. Much more to be accomplished. Thank you for joining us. Good luck at WrestleMania. Bring the title home and when you get that title, come back and tell us how You did. I got you. Thank you for having me. Thank you. Very, very welcome. See ya Miss Bianca Belaire. Man, that was, she's unbelievable. We had, we had on a couple of, about a month ago, she was on first take and so she's just her personality Ocho and, and Joe. Yeah. She's just, I mean, you could see she's so bubbly. You could see why people gravitate towards her. Her personality is infectious. Yeah. You, you can tell she's very passionate about what she does. That's why she's good at it.


You heard what she says. I did a thousand sit ups every morning. I made sure I did 300 pushups. I did this, I did that. You see person that's motivated, they're gonna be motivated in all setting. Yes sir. Yep. You gotta have, you gotta have, And those are the people that you want surround yourself with. Those are the two people that you wanna be in business with. You want on your team. You want very self motivated people. I don't need to motivate you with money because guess what? When you get enough of it, then what's the stimulus? I don't wanna motivate you by fear. I'm gonna fire you or I'm gonna do, at some point in time they become idle threats. Self-motivation is really sustainable.


And that's what I tell kids all the time, bro. Young ladies, guys, find something that you're passionate about. Go after. That's all you gotta do. Pour to. Yes sir. That girl cut up like some onions. Was she, Ain't She? Man, Man. Yo. Hey Josie, man. No, No, no, no. Look, I, I'm happy. I I I I'm just saying I, And I know you, you got people. I mean, you, you right. Oh, hold on. I can look at the minion now. I ain't trying to order nothing. I'm, I'm, yeah, I'm just, listen. I mean, hey, just because you don't order don't mean you can't order. Better come take it, order nothing. Ocho Yeah, once I order, you better come take this man, you I might order again.


Come take it. Nah, I already know the, don't bring me a dessert menu either. Nah, but she's just, she's, she's great. I mean, I grew up a wrestling, I mean, I'm from Georgia, so Georgia Championship wrestling is where it all started. It started in the South. Wrestling, used to be be very regional. You had the south, you had the Mid-Atlantic, you had the Midwest, and You know, it combined. But I, my grandfather used take me and my brother to Baxley. We go to Savannah, we go to Blackshire, we go all those Vidalia. And we saw all of them. Were all, I'm talking about the old, old school wrestlers like Abdullah, the Butcher, ox Baker, boa, Brazil, Andre the Giant, Rick Flair, Greg Valentine, Ricky, I'm talking about you named the old old Guard.


Hey, hey, mama. Crusher Blackwell. Mad Ocho. I was, Hey, yeah, man, I was in heaven. My, my Mama used to wake me up every morning listening, watching that rattling in that wrestling and they hollering, carrying on. Junkyard dog Was her Favorite wrestler, bro. Crazy about him, man. Remember that? Yeah, man. That that was, that was, those were the days, man. Those were the days man. Watching Dusty Rose. Yeah. Dusty Rose, Brute Bernard. Hey, remember Jimmy Sup? Jim Jimmy Super. Yeah. Super ook. Yeah. Yeah. Oh man, look here. Black Jack Mulligan, all the Hey Tulley Blanc. Hey, Hey. Remember Hacksaw? Jim Duggan Hacksaw.


Jim Duggan. Yes. Reba Raki. Yeah. Nikita Coop. Ivan Cooch, the Russian Bear. Mr. Wrestler number one and two Super. D one and two, the road warrior. That was my favorite.


The Volume Some stands for, so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today, if these walls could talk, they will say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington. DC


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and select markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app. For details,


Amazon Pharmacy presents painful thoughts. 20 more minutes to kill in the pharmacy before my prescription is ready. Maybe I'll grab some deeply discounted out of season Halloween candy. Hmm. I never had a chocolate pumpkin with raisins before. Those were raisins, right? Next time, use Amazon Pharmacy. We deliver. And no, those were not raisins. Amazon Pharmacy, healthcare just got less painful.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, and just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.