
New from embedded. Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics, but it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man Here? About the long history of sex testing, women athletes on tested a new series from CBC and NPRs embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete, or how the best in the sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League One Volleyball's podcast, serving pancakes. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about the sport itself and what it takes to stand on the podium. I'll be joined by top athletes and figureheads and sports as we dive deep into match play mindset and memories from years past. And you can guarantee that pancakes will be on the menu. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I'm Jay Shetty and I'm the host of the On Purpose Podcast. This week I got the opportunity to interview Fat Joe. Fat Joe shares his life journey from the streets to stardom. You know, when you die, nobody cares what car you drive. Nobody cares what clothes you had. What they want to know is what did you do for the people? Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't wanna miss this one.


Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One September 20th and 21st T-Mobile Arena, here in Las Vegas Stream Live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean, Camilla Cab, Doja Cat. Dua Lip, Gwen Stef St. Halsey Hozier Keith Urban New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows, Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, and more. Buy tickets now with a x s.com.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL Media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume,


The 82 Game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin Tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon, only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of boot casino and resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


That was a street skateboard of Nigel Houston sharing his story, the disappointment that he, that he suffered in Paris in position to win the gold medal o show. And then his last run did not work out the way he had hope or way he envisioned. So he was sharing his story about the disappointment and about the heartbreak and how he was struggling mentally with it. But he said, you know what? I got a great support system. I'm gonna be okay. I got a great life. Yeah. And this one setback does not define me. It doesn't make me, it doesn't make, doesn't make me less, doesn't make me more. Yeah. But I will get over this. So we appreciate him sharing his story. Oh, definitely. On Nightcap with all our subscribers and listeners. So thank you guys.


Hopefully you got something out of that. And you really appreciated that interview. Oh yeah. Oh, Joe, you said that Yeah, you skateboard and that you wanted to, you wanted to show the people at home kinda like what you did. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. You remember that? Oh, UNC, you don't Remember that boy that looked very, that looked very cartoonish. Yo Ocho, I'm surprised you ain't break your back. It hurt a little bit. It hurt a little bit, but that's the only way to, that's the only way to get better. Oh, I'm surpris You don't remember that. You, you see, I can skate for real, but I can't do no damn tricks. But I can, I can ride, I can ride the board.


It look like I know what I'm doing, but when, when I try to execute something, that's what the execution look like, Man. My back hurt. I don't know if I'm gonna be able to get on this plane a little bit. Just watching That. Yeah. And yeah, my back hurting. Yeah, man. But it's, it's, it is all good. I listen, I, I can skateboard It just, when it comes to doing tricks, I fall over and over and over until I get it right. And that was like, that might've been my third time, third or fourth time falling like that. But I kept trying. Well, give yourself credit. I mean, I ain't falling like that because I already know I can't do it. You can't get Back Up. You ain't gonna get back up. Yeah. After you get a certain age, O Joe, those leaks hurt. I mean, man, I fall now, I shatter like ice.


You know, if you drive, you drop ice on the kitchen floor, you see that shit that go everywhere. That's exactly what's gonna happen to me. I ain't think no falls like that. O that's a, That's a good one. I shatter like ice. Oh, Joe. Yeah. We gotta get to this, these comments by Noah Lowes. This is what he said last year. He said, you know, the thing that hurts me the most is that I have to watch the NBA final. And they have world champion, excuse me, world champion on the head. Right. World champion of what the United States. Don't get me wrong, I love the US at all times, but that ain't the world. We well, more fuel got added to the fire today. When Time Magazine revealed that while he was negotiating a contract with Adidas last year, the company offered him an invite to assure release for Anthony Edwards.


Lau seems to take offense to the offer considering he was the world champ and Ant man wasn't You want me to do what? Mm. You want to invite me to an event for a man who's not even been to the NBA finals in a sport that you don't even care about and you're giving him a shoot? No disrespect to the man as amazing athlete. He's having a heck of a a heck of a year. I love that you saw insight to give him a shoe because they saw he was doing, he's going to be big. All I'm asking is how could you not see that in me? Right? I oh man. That, listen, I, there, there there's certain battles that you, you shouldn't fight. Sometimes you gotta pick your battles wisely.


I'm just thinking for, for me, you, you pick your battles wisely as someone who is great at their sport. Stuff like this can, can turn turn brands away. It could turn down market, it could turn marketing opportunities away from you. Even though you are a gold medal winner as a partner with adida in, in good faith, supporting your fellow NBA player that just won goal. Now, you know, that is is unfortunate. I think the hard part is as a track runner, the, the market in demand for a track runner's shoe, it wouldn't be as significant as a bas nb NBA basketball player who was seen globally.


You think lemme ask you a question though, Joe. I mean Yeah. In the course, in the course of five months, right? How many times are people gonna look at a Noah Lows feet? Yeah. In the course of an NBA season, how many people gonna look at Antman feet? Two Every week? What? Every well, every two, three days. Yeah. Yeah. And the The and then guess what Antman can do? Antman can say, Hey bro, as a solid, tell me you and the these athlete, Hey, can you wear my shoes? Mm. What other track athletes gonna wear No allow shoes because you see LeBron has players, other players in the NBA where's LeBron. Right. You see KD as other players where the kd Kobe.


Kobe. Yeah. So I'm just trying to figure out, do you know, let, let's just say for the sake of argument Yes sir. A little research here. Ocho normally when they, when a Nike, Adidas Under Armour, when they give somebody signature shoe, they say that that base is between five and $15 million. Now when they give you a shoe, he's gonna want 5% of each shoe sold. Right. In order for them to make that kind of commitment to you, do you know how many shoes gonna have to sell? Supply And demand comes into play. Huh? Supply and demand. They don't just look at, oh, he, there's a reason why big guys don't normally get shoe deals. Yeah. Because ain't nobody buying the shoes.


Shoes. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I don't, I don't think he understands that, that side of it. I think He just looking at it like I'm the world champ. Yeah. I'm the fastest man in the world. Gimme a shoe. Yeah. It, it doesn't work like that. We could Go back, we could find two guys that had shoes. Michael Johnson had a shoe. Usain Bolt had a shoe. Yeah. Yeah. They don't still make those shoes. No. He Why is that Kobe, Kobe hadn't played basketball in how long? Kobe's been deceased for four years. They still make Kobes. Yeah. They still make Jordans Jordan. They're still gonna make LeBron's when LeBron retire. They're still gonna make Katie when KD retire.


Yeah. There's a reason why Noah, I don't know what you're missing. Yeah. Noah, Noah's great at what he does. He's, he's, yes, he's great at marketing himself. He is great at getting brand deals. He will continue to get them. Is is because he has a personality? He has that, that, but I don't believe in that, that aura that he has that it factor it takes to be represented by brand deals. But as far as the shoe, like that's different because it, it, you it's, it's seen differently. You know, it's not enough exposure and the track and the track space to have a shoe deal. But lemme ask you, well, hey, do, like Shaq partner with Walmart, make shoes for 20, $30 and sell a boatload of them.


Do like Stefan Mulberry. Right. Do like Lebar ball And one If, if, if you so hell bent on making a sneaker Go that route. Yeah. A nice, a nice trainer would be dope. A nice a nice waffle shoe. A nice waffle shoe. A nice nice spike. But it just, they they won't do it. Ocho there's a, I mean, think about it. Only football player. I mean, Dionne's really the only football player that had a shoe. He had a cross trainer. Yeah. Bo Jackson had A trainer. Bo Jackson. Yeah. That, that's it. That's only those. It is only those two hun Acro. What hell you wearing? Where you hell you wearing cleats at? You wearing cleats to the mall. You, you gonna a wedding get a pair of cleats?


Hell gonna walk outta hell. I gonna, Hey, hey, Basketball shoe. Hey, basketball shoe is just not for basketball. Yeah. It's a status Symbol. Yeah. And you, you can wear it anyway. It's culture. Yeah. Please. Ain't no damn culture. Yeah. Track spikes ain't no culture. Hey them goddamn Bo Jacksons cross trains. Remember the, the all white ones with the orange, with the orange lining a little bit. You about Yeah. The bo the bows that we had, we had the blue and gold ones. Okay. And everybody know what I'm talking about in the early, in the late eighties. Yeah. Them, them BoJack the first Bo Jackson Pro. I know y'all know what I'm talking about. The Bo Jackson BoJack classic boy. Mike v This Mike Vick. Well that's Right, that's right. That's right. The Mike Vick experience When he was in Atlanta. When he was in Atlanta. Yeah.


I'm saying them saying were nice too, them things. Oh, wait. But I just don't know if, go Ahead. The Randy, Randy Moss didn't have a shoe, did he? He's with Jordan though. Yeah, he's with Jordan. Okay. I just don't know. Ocho of, of a track athlete. They're not visible enough. Right. I mean the, the big meets, you get two, you get two world championships. Right. And you get two Olympics and that's kind of the only time that people are really talking track Field. Track field. Right. Where basketball, you know, is, and you know, it's what they come out. So October, so October, November, December, January, February, March, April, may, and the NBA finals end of June. So nine months and as you said a couple of times a week, we gonna see what's on that man's foot.


Feet. Right. Man. And then He got Some dope ass. That man got some dope ass colorways boy. And the thing is, he gonna do something crazy, he gonna dunk on somebody. Now I wanna go, you run the world record time. I don't still wanna go out and buy no track spike. Right. And so you have to look at it from a business Ocho. I wanna say, you know what, I'm tired of getting fired man. I wanna create something on my own. Okay. I had to come outta my own damn pocket. Right. Right. If you serious about it, you gonna have to come out your own pocket. You gonna have to pay producer, you gonna have to pay, you know, editors and, and, and graphics and all that stuff.


O Joe. Right. And when you go on location to shoot that, somebody gotta pay for that. Right. Oh yeah. You wanna shoot Mr. Char. Oh, we love, oh, that'll cost you 10,000. Yeah. And then you gotta put people up. What, where they stand O Joe Somewhere. Now, now How they gonna get there? Gotta fly 'em. People just think like, oh, I'm popular. Just give me a shoe. People look, Adidas and Nikes and companies, they're not nonprofits. You know, they had this thing, whoever, was it Chanel or Dror, they makes a purse for $57 and sell it for 2,500. Right.


Okay. Don't buy the purse or you go make a purse that you like. Right. And there you go. Yeah. No, that markup gonna be crazy. That's The whole, that's the whole thing. You're supposed to make something. You're like, it doesn't cost me a lot. But then you sell everything is a markup. Yeah. Always. They Oh, I was reading it saying restaurants mark up anything between 102 hundred 50%. Yeah. You just, you just told me about that. Remember not too long ago. Yeah. Do Kyrie. Yeah, they listen. They gotta, they got, they gotta make a profit. Yes. But they got but Ocho they got to be, they're not, anytime somebody gives you a boatload of money.


Right. They feel they can pay, make more money than what they're paying you. So if you, if they're paying, if they're paying Joe Burrow 55 million, how would you think the Bengals are making? Woo. On his jersey? Sales and ticket sales. Boy time. Man. Crazy. Yes. Crazy. It's just, it's just hard. It's hard for a football player to sell shoes because they associate cleats. Yeah. With football players. Yeah. They associate track spikes with track athletes. Right. Basketball. Oh yo. Now it's cool. Yeah. To wear a suit or tux feet. Yeah. With Sneakers. They, they what, what, what you call, you ever heard of a sneaker ball?


You know, about how they be having sneaker balls? Yes. Wear Sneakers. Everybody gotta wear sneakers. Everybody wear sneakers. Yeah. Yes. So it's just, I, I don't know, I just a little Diss the thing. Somebody somebody, somebody gotta talk to him and, and, and explain the, the bi the business side of it. I can see where he is coming from. But if somebody sat down and explained to him the business side of it and how, and, and, and it might make sense to him, but it doesn't make sense to Adidas or would make sense to Nike regardless of how popular or, or, or how on fire and hot you are right now. Yeah. From a business standpoint to them it just doesn't make sense.


Yeah. I got, I mean like Griffey, but Griffey had a cross trainer. Hey them Griffey's was nice. Boy I got 'em. And 'em, Griffey's was nice. The black the black with the, with the, with the teal, the colors. Then he had, he had the all white with the man them things. Nice. But Nike is not just handing out shoes. Right. When, when Nike give you a signature deal, they understand the risk that they're taking. Right. That's why they're very particular, you know, lifetime deals. Only LeBron James, Michael Jordan, and Kevin Durant has Lifetime on liquor deals with Nike. Kyrie had a very popular shoe. They lost their mind. He, he said something.


Yeah. He, he tweeted posted something and it's like, nah. He's like, well hell, I go somewhere else. They're gonna make me create a director. I design my own shoe. Got a nice shoe. Yeah. I just don't think, I don't think now Noah understands, I think he's just looking at it like I'm popular. Give me a shoe and they, it just doesn't work like that. Yeah. Because think about the, the r and d the research and development that's gonna go into it. I mean, they paid you five to 10, 15 million. What does it cost to to bring a shoe to market? Right. I know. Listen, it might happen. 'cause he making this kind of noise though. You never know. It might happen because he making any kind Of noise. It got it. Gotta make sense. It's gotta make dollars. I I know, I know him making noise if it gonna make dollars.


Yeah. Because if it doesn't make dollars, it doesn't make Yeah. The bottom line will always be the same no matter what They gave, they gave, I mean, you know, like every, you know, like PO skate, dunks, I mean everybody, you know, they've had, you know, Jeff Staples with the pigeon dunks, you know, some, some everybody, everybody can't sell. Travis Scott's done amazing. Hey Boy, Kanye has done amazing. Oh yeah. I mean, Kanye's with Nike, blah blah blah. He's like, y'all don't wanna do this. Oh, he goes to Adidas. He does Yeezy Box office.


Yeah. But there have been a lot of guys that they've given try to put their name and it and it doesn't work. Nah. So, I mean, Asia has a shoe now. Ms. Clark, I think Angel Reese has Reebok. I saw her shoe re yeah, her shoe looks nice. I think they're coming out with a shoe for Kaitlyn Clark. Right. It's gonna be like, I don't think it's it's done yet. I think they're coming out with a shoe. There's somebody else with Nike that has a shoe that's really dope. I think it's for women though. It's for women. And it's Jor. I think it's Jordan brand if I'm not mistaken. I can't think of who it is. Angel Reese, ant man Noah has 1.5 million IG followers.


Ant has 4.4 plus million. Angel Reese 4 million. And Nigel has his own skateboard shoe and has almost 6 million IG Exposure matters. It does exposure. Exposure matters because you gotta have, you have to have a presence. And they're on television. I mean, I'm only gonna see Noah at the Olympics in the world championships. Yeah. USAs. So really three, four big meets a year. And when, When you think about it, It's just tough. And I, and I get it, it is like, man, I'm doing, there Is a, there is a track market for him though. There is a demand. Yeah. You know, if, if it was, but the demand that would make sense for the billionaire business or the billionaire entity that is Adidas doesn't make sense to them.


No. Doesn't make sense to them. That's what it has to make sense, right? Yeah. Yeah. You Right. 'cause they're the one that's putting up the money. Right. You Right Man. You don't see my vision. You don't see my, what they say. Okay. If somebody doesn't see your vision, somebody doesn't see your dreams go, Go create on your own with your own money. Yep. So I understand mean it's frustrating, but you talk about Carl Lewis was one of the most, one of the most popular sprinters in the history. Definitely in America. Michael Johnson. Michael Johnson had a shoe. Usain had had a shoe. There were a few people that have had shoes.


But I tell you who could get a shoe, Sidney McLaughlin. She has it all. She has it all. Yeah. I mean sometimes that's what she has what it takes to sell. Yeah. And she's, she's a safe, she's a safe. You know what I mean? Yes. Yeah. She's safe. You don't have to worry about nothing. You don't have to worry about her saying nothing to crazy and safe. And she's marketable. She's marketable. And she don't even open her damn mouth. She don't even talk much. No. She's marketable Ocho. But you know, when it comes, when it comes to women, yeah.


They have to have a certain look. Yeah. She got it. Yeah. She gotta be able to produce. She's a prodigy. She was 15, 16 years old. Yeah. We knew about her when she was running down girls in, in, in high school. She goes to college for a year, goes pro. She she ha she she's the complete package. Yeah. Clean cut. I'm talking about nothing. Yeah. If you wanting to draw up, say I want a a woman athlete, I want a female athlete. Senator McLaughlin. Yeah. It is what it is though, Joe.


I mean, I wish you, I wish you was something I could tell him different. But it's not somebody in the chat say I should get, I should get a shoe deal. A shoe deal. Talking about a shoe called the Cap. The cap and dunks. 'cause I'm always lying. Hey, that was funny. That was funny. Listen, anything I say is not lies. These are all life experiences and the things that I know I'm capable, capable of doing. And you'll see that was funny.


New from embedded. Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics. But it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man? Hear about the long history of sex testing women athletes on tested a new series from CBC and NPRs embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news previews, recaps and analysis delivered straight to your podcast feed by the time you get your coffee. No dumb hot takes here. Just smart hot takes. We'll talk every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in the big guns from NFL Media. That's Patrick Clayban, Steve Weiss, Nick Shook, Jordan R from the Athletic and of course Colleen Wolf. This is their window Right now. This is their Super Bowl window. Why would they trade him away? Because he would be a pivotal part of them winning that Super Bowl. I don't know why. Colleen, catch the podcast, the NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal every day. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. And who doesn't want that? Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete or how the best in sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League one Volleyball's podcast, serving pancakes, a new show by iHeart Women's Sports. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about volleyball and beyond. Learn what it takes to be the best in the sport and what it takes to stand on the podium from top athletes and figureheads in sports. Every week I'll dig into the perspectives from some of the best athletes in the world. Like with Olympic gold medalist, Justine Wong. I will say my journey has not been easy like whatsoever. I've, I've been cut from teams, I've made teams, I've been the starter. I've been a non-starter. And so for me to like say that I made the Olympics, like I immediately started crying And give insights and behind the scenes stories from the people who are making the biggest impacts on global volleyball and women's sports. From the likes of three time Olympic medalists, Jordan Larson, I'm finding little ways to like do things differently. And now it's more of how can I help the next generation? You'll also learn about their other dream jobs if they weren't playing on the biggest stage, like from Olympian Lauren Carlini, I'm thinking about starting a dog walking business, putting that out there for anyone's dogs. You need to be walked or watched or fed or played With. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I'm Jay Shetty and I'm the host of the On Purpose Podcast. Through sharing insightful stories and experiences on purpose aims to inspire growth, connection and a deeper understanding of ourselves and others. This week I got the opportunity to interview Fat Joe. Fat Joe shares his life journey from the streets to stardom, the challenges he faced, the losses he endured, and his unwavering commitment to helping others and staying true to his values. You know, when you die, nobody cares what car you drive. Nobody cares what clothes you have. What they want to know is what did you do for the people you know, we happy for you. You're successful, you're living a great life. But what did you do? How did you come back and give to the community? How did you come and change lives? How did you mentor people? Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't wanna miss this one.


Our iHeartRadio music Festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. Streaming live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean, Camilla Caveo, Doja Cat, Gwen Stefani, cozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows, Thomas Rt Victoria. Monet and more get tickets to our 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One right now before they sell out@axs.com.


All right, yesterday we had a conversation about comments. Dion Ma towards the CBS reporter. Right? Right. Unfortunately we had technical difficulties. And, we weren't able to play the sound and that created confusion. Let's take a listen to the sound and then we'll talk about it afterwards. Next guy. Eric Christensen with c bs Sports Colorado. You doing CS Tyler? I'm I'm not doing nothing with CBS. Next question. Rigo. My ain't nothing do with you. It's above that ain't got nothing to do with you. I got love for you. I appreciate you. Respect. You ain't got nothing to do with you. They know what they did. I'm here in Denver, not national. You are who you are. CBS is CBS.


Alright. Got nothing to do with you. I respect you. I'm, that's why I told you that. Look at you in the eye as a man. I respect you. I got love for you. But what they did was fo Well what, what, what, what happened now, what? Back in July. Cbs sports.com Yeah. Ranked Prime as one of the worst power conferences coaches in the country. Prime was ranked second worst in the conference. Be behind Kenny Dillingham at Arizona State. Yes sir. And he was ranked 61st out of coaches at the FBS level. Yes sir. This is new to time. Time is never time since he'd been playing sports.


Right. Have always been the best. Always been told he was the best. Yeah. For the first time. He not the best. I mean, I mean the guy didn't, I mean the guy that was asking the question. Yeah, That was a part of CCBs. He didn't say that. Right. He just happens to work. So I guess he has a blanket for CCB CBS in Joe, what they Did now for a, I have a question are, are we sure the reason that he didn't want to talk to the affiliate that was a part of ccb s are we sure the reason why is based on the rankings that were put out in July?


Yeah. Okay. Oh, okay. Yeah, I don't, I don't, I don't know about that. Hey, we, we, we got a, we got a new year coming up now. We got, we got, yeah, we got a new year coming up. So it's only, it's only one. There's only one way to change that. We can't get mad. Yeah. If somebody say of all athletes that do sports podcasts, Nightcap might be the 50th best. What? Wait, They not one, they're not top 10. They might be no 50. Nah, shit, we, we, we top three. I don't care what nobody say. They got me fucked up. But the thing is, is that that's somebody's opinion.


I can what you, what people think I that ain't, I we can't do anything about that. We just keep doing what we do. Right time just have to keep Coaching. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. He, he, he's gonna be straight. He can't And, and he, I mean he tell the guys block out the noise, drown out the noise time. Go put together a nine and three, a ten two season. That, that what they've been saying. He time is been, time has always been in the light. So he knows. People have always tried to take soda shots at Him. Always. Yeah. They called him selfish when he tried to help the Brave win a title and he was also playing for the Falcons. So they've always tried to, to put label him as such as being selfie. Right.


He's supremely confident and rightfully so. Yeah. I mean to play for, to play professional football. Excuse me. And to be the best at something and play baseball. Yeah. Hey you, you, you hear a lot of people saying that, oh, I could play basketball players say they could play football. You ain't heard of 'em? Say they gonna hit that damn hundred mile an hour fastball, is it? No Uhuh No sir. And talk at the time as a guy that played both, the highest you can play is MLB and NFL. Right. He said ain't even close. He said they're also article two days ago that probably added a prime frustration.


The handline of the article, Shiloh Sanders filed bankruptcy Colorado DB debt stem from allegedly assaulting a security guard in 2015. That's a chess move. You know what that is? I ain't gotta explain it to you. You know what to do. That's a chess move. You know that. I ain't gotta explain that one. Shoot, 50, 50, 50 did the same thing years ago, remember? No, but I'm, but I'm saying time probably, probably is is that they keep breaking it up. Oh, think he bring It up? They pushing it out. Yeah. Alright man, they so green, you know how the media is. I mean pr he time Prime should be used to it. You know how, you know how they do. They gonna, they gonna keep, they gonna keep playing with you. But it's one thing that cures all that though.


Winning them Ws in the win column, all that goes right away. Them ws in the win column. And he addressed the issues. He addressed the issues this off season too. That's how I know. Listen, the team is gonna be different this year anyway. Once you get them meat potatoes on that interior offensively and defensively. Okay, now we can play ball. Now we can play ball. That that's, that's what a that's what a, that's where a wink link was at. It wasn't on the outside. It wasn't the quarterback position. It definitely wasn't a skilled position. Right. The difference from Power five schools and everybody else is not the skilled position. It's to meet the field. Field. The five that put their hand in the dirt on both sides of the ball. Boy. So your five offensive linemen and the ones that put their hand in dirt on the defensive side.


Boy Listen, you talking about some hogs unc, but once you get them in there, but babe, oh we could play ball now. It evens the playing field. The thing gonna be different over there. You gonna be all right. Put a few of them ws in there. Man. Hit hit that hit that Jameson Winston on their ass. They Eat a few do. Huh? You do. You gonna be straight. I call him. What do they call him? I ain't said his name wrong. Y'all call him Prime. I call him time. He's in my phone. It's time.


I've always called him Time. Yeah. You, you never say Prime. I don't ever call him Prime. I look there are certain like, like certain people that you have relationships with and that you call him like, I call him Ty. Mm Ray. I, I don't call Ray by his name. I call him Sugar. Sugar. Hey, I call, I call Ray Sugar too. Hey Everybody call it that. Hey You, you, you got a chance to meet Lorenzo o' Neal before? Yeah. Hey boy, him and Ray at the promo you talking about funny? Oh my God, boy. What I, yeah, I'm Talking about most people comedy.


Most, most people like most athletes, like you got a nickname. That's what we refer to you as. Right, right, Right. It is. I mean it's, I don't know what y'all, I mean Oh you said it's not? No I'm not. Yeah, I'm Not, I think everybody's in the chat. I think I got a better relationship with Hey, they they Don't do they know how long we all known each other. I'm just curious. I guess not. I I don't think so. Yeah, so everybody, everybody I get, I get nobody called Ray Lewis Sugar until I got to Baltimore in 2000 and now damn near everybody. That's what they refer to him as.


Okay, fine. I ain't calling no Grown man Sugar. That's fine. I ain't calling no Grown man. Big get it. That's fine too. Y'all don't have to but y'all call. Hey y'all didn't go to no record store and say hey get me that cane cd. Y'all said Big Daddy came. You see how y'all pick and choose. Pause. What you know about what you know about Big Daddy Kane? Man, you don't know about no Big Daddy came. What you know about what you know about what Know about Cameo Daddy call and they call what they call Allen Bubba. Chuck Bubba Chuck. That's what they call it. That's his nickname. That's what they call it? Yeah. Oh Yeah. Look, I don't, I ain't got no problem. What? Whatever you wanna be called. You wanna be a, you wanna be a got a homeboy a and and what's it called it for the longest time, his name was Creature.


That what they called him had a homeboy named Frog Legs. Hey had that what We called him? I Had a homeboy, the crib named Fish Two Fish Active Fish. Well we got some crazy names boy. I got a homeboy in right now. I went to school with a dude name was Honey. Everybody called Real. Ain't nobody ever called him. His real, his real name was Irving. Ain't nobody called him. His, the coaches, the teachers even called him Honey Tegna. Honey What Honey? Tegna. That was his name. His real name was Irving. Right. Yeah. No, once I got his brother, his okay, frog Legs. Frog Legs is the oldest brother.


Right. He Honey is the baby boy. Yeah. He got another brother. That's that. That's a year older than my brother. They call him Kfire. He said man, why they call you? I said Man, why people call you kick fire? He said I kick fire from an end. So he everybody man, y'all seen kick fire man. I saw him up there at the store, the corner store a little while ago. If you are from the south and anybody that's from the south, y'all know exactly what I'm talking about. Got a homeboy and he got another brother named Piggy Pat, Piggy Pat, Piggy Pat, KFI, honey, frog, leg Piggy Pat. That's the four boys.


That's the nobody called me. Hell I couldn't even tell you. Frog leg real name. I can't tell you Piggy Pat Real name. As a matter of fact, I couldn't even tell you Creature Real name. Half the people you call them that for so Long, so long you forget what the real name is. I dunno. The damn real name is man. You don't call em that their whole life. But hey y'all got to. But it is what it is. Check this out. O Yeah, Jerry Jones has clarified his recent comments regarding CD lamb's, lack of urgency to come to terms on a contract extension with the star receiver.


Jerry said, I think I got in trouble the other day when I said, look, we're we're not urgent about cd. You think you think you got in trouble? Because if you didn't think you got in trouble, you wouldn't be addressing it right now. But anyway, well no one appreciates CD being on the field more than I do. But let me say this, he wouldn't be taking a snap out here today. If he had been here, stop it. He know what the fuck. So you read to tell me CD Lamb had showed up. You was gonna say cd, don't you take no snaps until we get your contract done. You see, I think, I think he meant as far as playing like he wouldn't be playing in the preseason. No practicing. Oh, practicing. Oh, oh, okay, okay, okay. Oh, you said he gonna be holding in. I mean, she j Jamar Jamar showed up.


You see he ain't pee practice yet though. He holding me in. But Jerry Hey Jerry, every time, every time the mouth putting them in front of the cameras. Yeah. It's unnecessary. You know what you're saying? You are well aware of what you're saying. Why would, why would you even utter that knowing you have a player that would like his money, which is well deserved based on the numbers in the production that he's put in for your team. Why even say that as an owner, it's not urgent and you know, he fighting for his money. Right? Who do you think is going through CD Head? Well, damn, that's how we feel. Okay, bet I told you, I I told you now.


I won't be surprised if CD asked for a trade soon. Now, oh, DAG won't be there this afternoon. It's reported that Dak tweaked his ankle. That's why he was not there. And so the bottom line is no, there's no urgency. Now I understand the com completely, the angst that's happening. And when you're anxious about it, someone says something, you're either missed out or not. Well, CD you're missed. Okay? But you're not missed out here competing. And that doesn't put any pressure any place on us. No cd. Don't worry about it. You good? Let them game there. Guess what? In 93 there was no urgency. Yeah. To get no deal done. And guess what happened? They started ING two. I bet they paid ETT Smith. They and they won the Super Bowl.


He did Emmy like that. You sure did. Oh, so this is the ongoing thing? Yes. Oh man. Okay. Okay. So that's just, that's just how he operates. Okay. I understand with certain ones, but why you do it with the good ones that don't make no sense. Hey, he did it with dad. He did it with dad. He did it with Zeke. So what's he trying to prove? What statement is he trying to me, what? What's the end goal? What's the end goal? What are, what are you trying to say? I don't wanna win no more Super Bowls. I think that's what he's trying to say.


New from embedded. Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics, but it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man? Hear about the long history of sex testing women athletes on tested a new series from CBC and NPRs embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news previews, recaps and analysis delivered straight to your podcast feed by the time you get your coffee. No dumb hot takes here. Just smart hot takes. We'll talk every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in the big guns from NFL Media. That's Patrick Clayban, Steve Weiss, Nick Shook, Jordan R from the Athletic and of course Colleen Wolfe. This Is their window right now. This is their Super Bowl window. Why would they trade him away? Because he would be a pivotal part of them winning that Super Bowl. I Don't know why. Colleen, catch the podcast, the NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal every day. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. And who doesn't want that? Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete or how the best in sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League one Volleyball's podcast, serving pancakes, a new show by iHeart Women's Sports. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about volleyball and beyond. Learn what it takes to be the best in the sport and what it takes to stand on the podium from top athletes and figureheads in sports. Every week I'll dig into the perspectives from some of the best athletes in the world. Like with Olympic gold medalist, Justine Wong. I will say my journey has not been easy like whatsoever. I've, I've been cut from teams, I've made teams, I've been the starter. I've been a non-starter. And so for me to like say that I made the Olympics, like I immediately started crying And give insights and behind the scenes stories from the people who are making the biggest impacts on global volleyball and women's sports. From the likes of three time Olympic medalists, Jordan Larson, I'm finding little ways to like do things differently. And now it's more of how can I help the next generation? You'll also learn about their other dream jobs if they weren't playing on the biggest stage. Like from Olympian Lauren Carlini. I'm thinking about starting a dog walking business, putting that out there for anyone's dogs. You need to be walked or watched or fed or played With. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I'm Jay Shetty and I'm the host of the On Purpose Podcast. Through sharing insightful stories and experiences and purpose aims to inspire growth, connection and a deeper understanding of ourselves and others. This week I got the opportunity to interview Fat Joe. Fat Joe shares his life journey from the streets to stardom, the challenges he faced, the losses he endured, and his unwavering commitment to helping others and staying true to his values. You know, when you die, nobody cares what car you drive. Nobody cares what clothes you have. What they want to know is what did you do for the people you know, we happy for you. You're successful, you're living a great life. But what did you do? How did you come back and give to the community? How did you come and change lives? How did you mentor people? Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't Wanna miss this one.


Our IHeartRadio music Festival Presented by Capital One, coming back to Las Vegas, September 20th and 21st. Streaming live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Caveo, Doja Cat, Gwen Stefani, cozier, Keith Urban. New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows, Thomas Rett, Victoria Monet and more. Get tickets to our 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One right now before they sell out@axs.com


Ocho. Now it's time for our last segment of the day. It is q and a. What's wrong with you? Boy, It's the way you said it. That's what he said. He ain't trying to win no football. Hell no. Oh, Jacob BM said, what up Uncle Ocho? Do you think men winning gold will lead to more confidence and better seasons for each player? Olympic Nightcap for the Dove?


What you think Ocho? Wait, what was the question? Oh, He says, do you think men winning goal will lead to more confidence in a better season for each player Olympic Nightcap with a dove for the dove? Yeah, I think so. I think so. The motivation will still be there regardless of winning goal or not. Because when you're playing on the highest level, obviously representing your country and you're playing at your regular job, your day job, you're playing for not only for the team you play for, but you're also playing for the name on the back of your jersey. So I think the motivation will already be there. And you're inclined to always play as as, as well as you possibly can. You know? So, and and I I don't think it would, it would change much. Yeah. I mean I think the thing is for those guys, every guy over there, they're trying to get better.


Oh yeah, guys wanna be the face of the NBA guys got 300 and $200 million contract. Oh you got, you Gotta, you gotta Live up to that. You gotta live up to that. Yeah, you got five and 10 and you trying to get better. There's something guys wanna, let's see, I wanna see how good I can actually be. I want to contend for championships I wanna be thought of as the best player in the NB, right? I'm talking about there are few. I mean, Antman has already told you Antman going in everybody. Yeah. He don't care who he is. Jason Tatum wants to show Jason Tatum come back like, bro, that guy that y'all saw sitting on the bench and not getting, playing time and playing two or three minutes. That ain't who I'm, y'all know me, I'm jt. Right? Three time first team all NBA.


That's Me. NBH Champ Larry Bird Award winner. That's me. I, I'm that jt not that guy that y'all saw sitting on the bench. Yeah, that ain't me. So absolutely the guys are gonna be gonna be motivated. LeBron wants to show, look, LeBron is going into year 22. LeBron wants to show guys, I'm still at the top. I'm still at the top of the food chain. I'm still there. KD wants to say, Hey, y'all know me, I'm Kevin Durant. Y'all know who I am ad Joel and bead book. Because They look at the guys that won gold medals and then when they came back they still had a hunger.


They still had a desire, right? Yeah, Yeah. Because you got You when they won the gold medal. Look at Jordan came back. Kobe didn't look what Kobe. Kobe came back, tried to get it. Yep. LeBron Get it. Yeah. I mean the funny thing, the pressure's already on them regardless of Olympics. Yes. The press's already on them still. Yes. Steph was like, y'all forgot y'all did y'all forget I'm still the greatest shooter. Okay, y'all forgot y'all talk about them first four games. Y'all forgot. Y'all forgot about O Steph. Okay, let me cook something up for y'all. You would definitely cook Got something for you. Bonnie Krty. I think that's what she said. Name, much love for Maryland.


Love you both and Nightcap community. It's been great Olympic run. Thank you. Thank you, thank you. Hopefully everybody enjoyed our coverage of, of the Olympics. Next time, hopefully even in the world championships in 25 in Tokyo, we'll do a better job. I think, I think athletes seeing how we did this, I think they'll be more apt to want to come on Oh yeah. And talk and talk about their sport because they see the reach that we have ocho and so I think we'll have even more athletes that come on and talk about their races, about other things going on. Now, I can't make no promises I'll ever be able to get Sidney McLaughlin so Loni.


So I ain't finna make that promise, but I ain't gonna be for lack of tribe. Yeah. Ain't gonna be for lack of tribe now. Yeah. I mean even you don't just come on and say, Hey guys, And, and, and go off. We gonna get some That's enough. We gonna get Yeah. We go get something. Okay. We go get something. Yeah. Scott Sorenson said, what do you think of our prospects for La Olympics in 2028 with the home field advantage? Man, I remember how we they how we went crazy in 84. Yeah, I was there. I was there, I was there. The, the boxing, I mean, I think we won, I think there was 12 medals, 12 weight classes. I think we won like 10 golds of silver and a bronze.


We did. We damn near did what what what the, the Chinese did in and sw indicted what? They swept the gold medals and table tennis. They swep Swept table tennis. I so Oh yeah. I I I, I do think I, I think you know, guys o obviously everybody fights harder in their own backyard. So I'm, I'm, I'm super excited. I'm going, I don't get down by no traffic. I'm going, I'm gonna see track and field. I'm gonna gonna see a, a basketball event. Right. I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I got, I gotta see it. I mean I, you know, that's on my bucket list. You know, been to a Super Bowl, been to a World Series game seven, been to an NBA finals game.


I've I've been to all star games, you know, pro Bowl, right? MLB All star NBA Allstar. So I've been to a lot of things. The Olympic, the Olympics in Wimbledon. They're on my bucket list. Yeah. So, okay. Okay. You explain why the four by four and the 800 meters runner start and stagger lanes and then switch to lane one. That seems like they have to cover a little bit more ground by switching. Actually, you know, they don't because when they start outside they gotta cover distance. But you know, they, that's why they started outside. You start outside and so the guys on the inside, they get it, hey, they get to go a look.


But see the four by four is staggered because you got one lanes one through eight. Right. And so it's based on time. So, and sometimes you get preference. I mean, I think the fastest time you get to start like Carston Warhol when he or would normally he gets the fastest time. He loves to start in lane seven. Right. He loves to start far out, be damn to be into the curb. And so then, and then, you know, they pass it off to the second leg and the second leg I think he has to go like, they have to go like a hundred meters, maybe 150 meters before they can move, move over to, to lane one. You gotta really go to. But that's just, that's just the way it's been set up. So I'm not, so you know what, it's funny that you say that because like when we ran track, we never did that.


We didn't do that in high school. When we got the baton in the four by four where we, hey, you jock in for a position. You look at your guy, okay, your guy, he back there. You might be in the fifth slot and then all of a sudden he come, you try to bump the guy. Say, oh man, come on bro. You see my guy in front? So you jock him for a position, but man, both four oh meters. Look, the women's weren't contested. I know at all. I wish it was a little bit more contested. 'cause I think they coulda got the world record. I mean, Sid, Sid ran what, 41 47, 71 with no push. What does she run? If she's pushed, if she's pushed like Rob Benjamin, what does she run?


Ain't no telling. She might go sub 47, which is, is is cra It's crazy that I'm even saying that. Yeah, that's, I mean, at least she's going low 47. Yep. To think of this, think of a woman that can go sub 47, but she's going low 47 with push. You don't know what a person can do until they're pushed. Nobody thought they could run that fast until Usain Bolt got pushed. Yeah. The first 50 meters. The funny thing is it push hell, he had to catch the fuck up When you think about it.


So, hey Stephen Bass three 14 said, UNC, you really a true black role model, much love from one of your biggest fans. Question. Have you ever had a friend that was close to you as, as bucket burns that ended up falling out with Yeah. Happens move on Apple his life. I mean, unfortunate, it's, it's, it's, but it's, it's not the end of the world or Joe, I didn't come in the world with a, with with anybody. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna leave out of it by myself.


Yeah. But you know, it, it's, it's unfortunate because when you close someone and you know you've been to their home, they've been in yours and you've exchanged stores, your family, your families know each other. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But you know what, Ocho things happen. Yeah. I'm not the first, I won't be the last. I mean, there are people that have had people that have been, you know, they've been close with 30, 40 years. But it's all good. I I don't, I don't think about the friends that I, that I don't have anymore. I just worry about the friends that I do have. Yeah. Yeah. So, so bucket burns, guys that I'm cool with now I'm good. It it happens, but it's not the end of the world. Ocho Yeah.


This concludes our Olympic. So this is our closing ceremony. We're gonna put a button on this. Put this in a nice boat. Yeah. Huh? Oh yeah. Unless we get Sydney. Now we get Sydney. We coming back. Well, we coming back. Yeah, we, we coming back. Special, special, special part of the NFL season. We get Sydnee. She can interrupt any of the normal scheduling programming on Nightcap, Sid. She absolutely can. Yeah. Guys, thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm your favorite. Unc Shannon. Sharpe. He's your favorite number 85, the route runner. Extraordinary. The bingo ring of Fame honoree. The legendary pro bowler all Pro.


Still wearing the same outfit from yesterday college. Yeah, you are. You are showed up with that outfit on the day. Liberty City's on Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that like button, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. And guys, do us a favor, make sure you go subscribe. Subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber matter You matter. Thank you for your support.


Please make sure you go check out Shea by La Portier. We have it in stock and we'll get it to you pronto.


Please make sure you go follow my media company page on all platforms that she, Shea Media and my clothing company. That's 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. We wanna thank our very special interview tonight with Nija Houston, the street skateboarder, sharing some insight from his stories of being in Paris, losing out on the gold medal, winning the bronze. But hey, he felt he was in position to win the gold and should have won it. Played, dealt. Dealt with some things mentally that he was able to shake off or he's shaking off. So we thank you Nija for coming on. We greatly appreciate that the US women make it eight straight narrowly escaping France on home soil.


67 66, they win the gold medal. Gabby Williams heave at the buzzer was bank banked in, but a foot was on the line. And so instead of going into overtime, they lose 67, 66 and the US capture is 60 sec. 61st consecutive Olympic win with eight straight gold medals. Diana Te Rossi, DT now has six gold medals. So thank you for joining us for Nightcap. I'm he's ocho. See y'all. So The Volume


New from Embedded, who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics, but it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man? Hear about the long history of sex testing women athletes on tested a new series from CBC and NPRs embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete or how the best in the sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League One Volleyball's podcast serving pancakes. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about the sport itself and what it takes to stand on the podium. I'll be joined by top athletes and figureheads in sports as we dive deep into match play mindset and memories from years past. And you can guarantee that pancakes will be on the menu. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I'm Jay Shetty and I'm the host of the On Purpose Podcast. This week I got the opportunity to interview Fat Joe. Fat Joe shares his life journey from the streets to stardom. You know, when you die, nobody cares what car you drive. Nobody cares what clothes you had. What they want to know is what did you do for the people? Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't wanna miss this one.


Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One, September 20th and 21st T-Mobile Arena, here in Las Vegas Stream live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila cab, doji Cat, Dua Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows, Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, and more. Buy tickets now with axs.com.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL Media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.