
You're listening to an iHeart podcast.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for a's preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sin back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush cent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's and purse sprint, and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Wanna feel more creative, but don't have the right laptop. lenovo.com can help look through our legendary lineup of AI powered PCs and devices and find the one that fits your passion. Our PCs, powered by Intel core ultra processors, as well as cutting edge AI tools allow students to focus, learn, and create with ease. That's the power of Lenovo. With Intel Inside Plus college students and teachers can get 5% off their order. Shop now on lenovo.com. The future's waiting and it needs you, The volume.


10 little ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap ocho. We finally got an interesting game in the Western Conference finals. Unfortunately, if you are a Wolves fan, it did not go in your favor. It did not end in your favor. As OKC built an 11 point lead and they hold on to win 1 28 to 1 26 as they go home with a commanding three one lead, and they can end this thing on Wednesday night in advance to the Western and advance to the NBA finals for the first time since 2012. Wow. Yeah. Chad hung, and, and, and Jalen Williams and Chet hung their big three was sensational.


Tonight they gave him a combined 95 points. Again, thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite Onk Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own bingo, ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. We're going to be joined a little later by Larry Johnson. Grandma Ma, his, he's having technical difficulties right now, so while he tries to reconnect, OCHO and I is gonna go ahead and start the show. Anyway, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We want to thank each and every one of you for your support and your continued support.


We realize that nothing happens without you. Your eyes, your ears, and your word of mouth telling people. You guys need to check out UNC and OCHO on Nightcap. We greatly, greatly appreciate that and words cannot express fully how we feel about you guys. So thank you again very much for making this possible. Please make sure you check our shade by La Portier. If you can't find it, any city or state near you, trust and believe we're coming to a city or a state near you. But if you can't find it in the meantime, just order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. The best tasting VSOP cognac on the market. We beating all the big boys. Try it. I promise you, you will not be disappointed. Please drink responsibly and stay safe.


Check out my media company page on all of his platforms. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pending in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Also, we want to say Happy Memorial Day to all the men and women domestically at abroad that serve and protect this country. Thank you to all the men and women that have served and gave the ultimate sacrifice to their families. Hopefully, if you are watching, thank you. Because you make it easy for the people that do not serve to rest easy knowing that we're protected both here and abroad. So thank you very much for your service and happy memorial, though.


Hopefully you, you enjoyed it. You were safe. You didn't eat too much. But now we get to the ball game. The Thunder beat the T wolves OCHO three to take a three one series lead shake. Yo Giselle Alexander had a career playoff high 40 points, nine rebounds, 10 assist. He's albo. He almost had a trip Dub flirt, flirted around and almost got a trip Dub. Yeah. The former player in WNBA history with a 45 10 game in the Western conference finals. Julius Randall in game four, he was as abysmal as he was in game two, five turnovers, one bucket. T Woods led the game in rebounds, assist points off turnover, fast break points, points in the paint, second chance points, free throw attempts, free throw, make field goal percentage, three point percentage, free throw percentage.


Hmm. Everything, every listen, every loss, everything across, across the board. Man, I I what I don't understand what I don't understand and I need somebody to help me understand that's more knowledgeable about the game of basketball than me. You mean to tell me a man, you guys got a chance to tie this thing up. If you don't tie it up, you go down three one and the likelihood of you coming back and winning three straight games with two of them being an OKC is not very good. And you have two shot attempts at the half. Yeah. Ju Ram, you have four shot attempts at the half. The one thing I can say about Sha Yogis Alexander and the postseason, he has not been, but he don't give a damn about efficiency. He's gonna get shots up because the worst thing you can do is not shoot the basketball.


Right. Because that way you're not gonna get any point Shay's like, You know what the worst thing that could happen. There's three things that could happen. I can make it, I can miss it, they can foul me. Those are three things that could happen. Yeah. And you, he had 30 shot attempts tonight. He only had, he had 40 points, but he got to the line 14 times. You go look at Jalen Williams, he had 24 shot attempts. You look at Chet Holmgren, he had 14 shot attempts. Those three, their big three combined for 95 points. Yeah. Adman 16 points on five or 13. Julius Randall, five points on one of seven or three from the three point line.


Mike Conley six points. So in other words, 22, you got two starters, three starters, excuse me. And they gave you 27 points and you expect to win a beat. That team, a team that won 68 games. No, No. The bench players, NAS Reed, Zo, Nikhil, Alexander Walker, they were the best players tonight. Jayden Daniels played really well. Nine of 15 from the 4, 3 0 6. But I don't know why Ant Man and Julius Randall took the approach that they took the first half. Hey, I have no idea, especially for the game. To me it's two one, the game is on the line. The series is on the line. The fact that the series is on the line. Yeah, well, the fact that you have four points.


So you have five shots. Knowing that Anthony Edwards, you have to be aggressive. You got to, you got to come, you got to come out the same way you came out the previous game where you guys won you aggressive, you attack and listen. What, what, what did Anthony finish with? 16 points? Six, five turnovers. Listen, not One Or seven from the three. Not, not in the game of this magnitude. Not in the game of this magnitude. And this, I understand they made it very difficult. They made it very, very difficult. The Thunder made it very difficult defensively. So what, what, what was happening? As soon as Anthony got the ball, most of the time they trapped, he pass it out, then they give it right back to him. Then it was, it was one on one. From that point, you wait for your school, They trap LeBron, they trap Kobe, they trap Jordan.


Yeah, they trap Steph, they trap kd. They trap if he is what he said he is, he said he's the best player in basketball. Yeah. I don't wanna hear nothing about no traps. I don't hear nobody make no excuses. You had two shots. Yeah, two shots. Two. You mean to tell me you, they they, that defense is that good that they'll only allow you two shot attempts. Yeah. Joey round, you mean to tell me their defense is that suffocating? They're only gonna allow you four shot attempts in the first half. You two, your, the two best players on the Timberwolves got six shot attempts, don't you? Nah, man, I, I, I I can't rock with that. The funny thing about it is, listen, it was 14, 14 different, 14 different league league changes, right?


Yeah. Came down to the end of the game. The game was, the game was was in reach. Yeah. The game was, was was in reach for the wolves, obviously, but execution down, down the stretch. Especially those last two minutes where it came down to it, they didn't deliver. They Didn't, you got 64 points from your bench ocho. Right? I mean, when you look at it, you look at Shannon Jr. He gave you a two or three, one or two from the free throw line, Alexander Walker, 9 15, 5 and eight from the three point line. That's 23 points. Dizel seven of 11, five of eight. 2 0 2 from the free throw line. 21 Nas Reed, three or four, one or 2, 4 4 from the free throw line. That's 11. So you got 64 points from your bench. You got 62 from your starters.


I'm confused. Hey, I think that's what, 30, let's see. 33, 32. Yeah. 32 55 and 9 64. You had a hundred. You had 126. That's unacceptable. Joe. I, I, I, I, I, I just, I wish I could tell you something better. 35 1 51 57, 62. Yeah. Hey, listen, I, I obviously, I, I picked the wolves. I picked the wolves to win the series. Actually, I had picked the wolves to actually make it to the finals. Obviously with my love and enthusiasm for, for Anthony Edwards as a player and individual and what he brings to the game and, and thinking, well me, You know, him being obviously the face of the NBA because he has that it factor that most, most players don't have to be that.


But watching this OKC team tonight and what I've come to learn in my short time enjoying the game of basketball, the Thunder is the most complete team in the league. And the scary part about them, based on what I've seen and, and I've witnessed, they're only gonna get better. They're only gonna get better after this championship run. They have a great chance to obviously, But how you gonna keep it together? That, that, that's what I was gonna say. You, they got the MVP have a legit Now he's about to sign. He's about to sign a four year deal for 2 94. Or he could wait the next year to sign a five year deal for three 80, knowing him Okay. About to come up. Yeah. But, but knowing SGA with as much as he has going on off the court, I say he signed that four year to be able to keep, keep everybody together.


No, you're not. Still not, because what you gonna do with Chet next year, that's a small market team. Mocho. Yeah. That's not New York, that's not la, that's not Chicago, that's Oklahoma City. Okay. Jaylen Williams, all them role players, all them role players that you got, they gonna like, Hey, Hold on. I got a question for you now. Not, not about this. These role players, right? The, the glue guys and they had the MVP got a legit second option. Jalen Williams played sensational. That he was sensational The ion. You got two elite bigs, You know, I hate the word elite, but based on the way they got damn plan, I'm just gonna say elite for the sake of the argument.


Then you have the Google, the, the blue lies and the role players. Do they wanna leave understanding what you have if you guys stay together, I want money, don't you? I can't eat them rings. So you mean to tell me I can go somewhere and make five to 20 million, or I wanna stay here to make three to 6 million. Mm And it's, it's, it's an who who all is up. We know SGA gotta get paid. Chet has to get paid next year, right? This Yeah, this is, this is Chet third year. Yeah. 'cause remember he missed his first year. Yeah. He came back last year. This is third year. So I, I I, I think probably maybe they can do something this summer or they wait the next summer. Right. Whichever case. I think they just did something with Jaylen Williams.


So he, he's set, he's locked. Hey, they listen. I think they did something with Caruso also. You un well, You know, but for me, do You know how good this team actually is? Young? Yeah. But that's what you do. Won't. Yo, like if You, if you keep, if you keep this together, let's say they might, they probably will win the title again. I love the Pacers. The Pacers probably gonna win that series against the Knicks. But there's no way the Pacers beat the OKC team. We just saw tonight. They're too complete. Not only the, not only the, the the starters. Even the bench. Yeah. I, I it's, I hate that money comes into play.


'cause when money comes into play and that, that's, I know you wanna get paid. You wanna get paid for what you do. Yeah. But like you say, you can't eat them rings, but you can get, you can get you another two with the squad you got right now. You'd rather have another two rings or a hundred million. Make it 60, 60 million. Because you're talking about got the rings are only gonna impact shade. Hol Holmgren, Jalen Williams. Right. When you get the role players on your rings don't impact nobody. Right. I mean, they're nice to have. They're nice conversation pieces. Right. But, You know, o only the rings only matter to the elite because if rings actually mattered. Robert Orry be in the Hall of Fame.


He got seven and he was a, a contributor. A big contributor on all the teams. Yeah. You go back and look the two in Houston, you go back and look at the, what do he have three in, in LA and then the two in San Antonio. He was a, a major, major contributor. Yeah. He was contributing more as equal, if not more than any role player that's playing in the fight that's playing currently. Yeah. And he did it. He hit big shot, play big and big moments in all three stops. Now we know superstar got seven rings. We talking about he pantheon.


So I, I think that's the thing. I I just, I'm shocked I'm watching this game and I'm like, and bro, that you, you, you a make something happen. Yeah, I know. I know, I know. Ocho you want to do the right thing, but six assists with five turnovers isn't the right thing. Now if you tell me you have 12 assists, 13, 14 assists and five turnovers, I can live with that. Right? But I can't live. You gotta go down. I'm swinging, I'm emptying the clip. Got, I'm, I'm, I'm empty, whatever it is. The whole nine yards. That's the term they used. 'cause I guess they had nine yards of bullet and they said, Hey, give him the whole nine yards. Yeah. You know those strangle of bullet on, on that, on the Yeah.


As Close as, as close as the game was towards the end. I really think there would be a difference. I think there would've been a difference in the game in the second half if there was a little bit more production offensively from Anna. Yeah. From Anna and Julie. It, it de it definitely, it definitely would've been a huge difference. They were six. They were six. Julius Randall and Ant Man was six or 20 from the floor. They was one of 10 from the three, let me repeat that. They were six or 20 from the floor. They were one for 10 from the three. Now you go back and look at the games in which they've lost. Look at Ants.


Three point field goal percentage. I think he was one for six, one for seven in one game. He was one for nine in the second game. In the second game. He was one for seven in this game. Look at Ju Round Games two, he was awful. He didn't even play the fourth quarter. Game three. He came back with a vengeance. He had Ant game four. He was terrible. Again, that's two games. 50% of the games that he's played in, he's had single digit points. He's your second best player. That's the you, you can't have you The mere fact that the game was this close. When your second best player gave you five and your best player shot five or 13 and one of seven from the three point line and had gave you 16.


The mere fact that you're in the ball game lets You know how well the others played. Right. I need my big dogs to eat. Alexander Walker, Dizel, NAS Reed. Alexander Walker was showing out tonight. Huh? Jaden Daniels. They played better than the two big guys. You can't have, it's hard. I'm not saying it's impossible, but it's really hard if your two best players play as poorly as Julius Randall and that man played. And your role players play that, play that good. 'cause they played sensational.


Like I said, you got six, you got 64 points from your, from your bitch. You know how many boys that is? 64 from your bitch? Yeah. Damn man. They gonna be kicking themselves Dojo because this is the one that got away. Yeah. Hold on, hold on. What's the, what's the chances statistically percentage. They ain't got a hillbilly heartbeat. That's the chance. You've got a better chance of winning the lottery in Miami. If you fly to California and if you go to another state, they got the mega million a Powerball, you got a better chance of hitting one of the three then them coming back and winning three games against that team.


Yeah. God damn. Hey Alexander Walker, boy, he was, hey, he was sensational the night he was nice. How many minutes did you run to play in the fourth quarter? How mean? My single best player now. I didn't play him in the fourth quarter in the game too. Right. That's my second best player. I mean that, imagine Ocho your second best receiver and he doesn't play the fourth quarter. Your second best hitter, you sub him out. Right? Baseball, you pinch hit for him. That's his second best hitter.


Hey, why? What why was that? Huh? He Was awful Game outta reach at that point. No, the game wasn't outta reach. He was awful. I need to get somebody in. There's gonna give me some production. Julius Randall didn't play well. I'm not breaking news. I'm not interrupting you. Normally we got a service announcement, but do we got a Meghan alert? I'm not breaking news to anybody. If you watch the game, he played terrible. Okay. When do you ever make that move as a coach though? Just curious. You got, you got the two big guns, you got the two best players. He's made it twice. Hypothe. Hypothetically speaking, I'm gonna just go with Shaq and Kobe. Kobe, yeah. Kobe's having a bad night and Shaq is having, having an off night since when do you been someone like Shaq?


I'm not comparing Julius run Shak. I'm just using that for com for comparison to give, give better context for me to give me a better understanding. How do you bench the Second? First of all, you better play. Kobe ain't gonna go down shooting no seven shots. That's not gonna happen. Second of all, you get Shaq, the ball. If they file him, they file him and he shoots 33 throw attempts. But you find a way to get in the ball. Chris Finch has already made the decision. He, he doesn't have a problem putting sitting Julius's ass on the bench come forward quarter. He did it in game two. He played four minutes and he, he had as many turnovers as points. He had seven shot attempts. He had five points, five turnovers in a game of this magnitude.


Yeah. Yeah. I listen, I'm, I'm, I'm just curious. I'm just curious where, hey, like I'm, I'm just thinking about it, right? I'm, I'm go on football terms, me and TJ and Whoosh is having a bad game. Well, we don't take, You know, we as, as a head coach, Mark Lewis isn't taking who out. We find ways to give him the ball to get himself in rhythm. Even if he's having a bad game. I'm just saying basketball to me would be a little bit easier to do. Again. Excuse my, yeah. You know, okay. God damn. If I'm Finch, okay, Julie's having a bad game. Let's, let's, let's, let's make up some, I can't make him have a better game if he won't shoot the damn ball. Ah, so that, That's, I give you prime example.


You remember that playoff game? How many Balls does to drop before he caught the game winner? You remember that game in San Francisco against Green Bay? Against The Packers? Against the Packers game? Yes. See, same. See what I mean? Same scenario. I'm gonna keep going to you keep Going. Right, right. Yeah. That's, that's crazy. And obviously, and hold on. OOKC playing that motherfucking defense too. Now. They ain't making, they ain't making it easy. Well, how you gonna be facing the NBA when you say the man can be facing the NBA? We was talking about Julius. We was talking about Julius. Well, a Aman wasn't much better. Hey, But I'm saying Julius is your second best player. I think Julius is going to the All Star game.


He's been an all star. Yeah. He's been sensate outside of games two and four in the Western conference finals. Julius Randalls has been sensational. You know, he's a three time all star. Excuse me. We saw what he did against the Lakers. We saw what he did the next round against Golden State. We saw what he did. He, he played really good game in game one. He played sensational in game three. I mean, game four, excuse me.


When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school. Because family supports family at American Public University. We support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse. Your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public university education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. That would make sense that I would be the host of the Colin Coward podcast. I mean, that's the way I see it. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Tito's handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Okay. I like things that are built to last. A great team, a well run organization. Same goes for my vodka. Tito's made in Austin, Texas. Real care, attention to detail. Distinct, crisp taste. I was just telling my wife the other day, Tito's is the one vodka. It has a completely distinct taste. Been my go-to for years, so I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice. Refreshing. Easy Summer, winter, spring. Totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, your team's gonna play 162 games. A perfect time to kick back with some Titos. It's what I pour you should too. Distilled and bottled by Fifth Generation Ink. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know if you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants, assistants switch you to Mint Mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mit mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price plan options, available, taxes and fees, extra fee default terms@mitmobile.com.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store Gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms, apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025, and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this contents not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


A game of this magnitude. When your role players give you what they gave you. Your big guys can't come up small. They just can't. You can't. I got 22 from Jayden Daniels. I got 21 from Divin Czo, I got 23 from di. So you mean to tell me of all the guys that played Julius Randall score, diffuse points. Of all the guys that played and he played more minutes than Nas Reed, he played the same amount of minutes as di Vincenzo Alexander Walker played. As a matter of fact, Shannon played eight minutes and had more points than he had, and he only played eight minutes.


Hey, they got Alexander locked up, Huh? Alexander, He is role. He comes off the bench because if, if you put him in Mike Conley, Mike Conley a again, bro, this, this six and two and zero points ain't gonna cut it, bro. The only guys that's consistently playing are Jane Daniels McDaniels that played really well against the Lakers. He played great in the last series. Did a great game. I I, I just need my big guns to go off. Got to show up. They got to, This isn't, I mean, I guess they don't have big enough names to get ab hype because I saw what I saw, what I saw what he did against Yoki and Murray last year.


I saw what he did against KD and book. I saw what he did against Luke and LeBron. I saw what he did even though Steph went out. Jimmy Butlin. Draymond. Yeah. What's going on? What's really going on? And I'm not trying to minimize it, but a so Jordan's never faced great defenses. LeBron has never faced great defenses. Kobe's never faced great defenses. Lad Bird never faced great defenses. All the great, all the greats have. All the greats have. That's what make 'em great. Hell, if everybody went against the Washington generals, hell, how do we know who's great?


You saying the series is over In the words of lose banjo. It's over now. It's over. They know it. They know it. Hey, Three one against that team. Yeah. Yeah. I, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm, listen, I I I know I just, I'm, I'm mad I lost that a hundred dollars to, to Joe. Dang. Hey, that was, it was a good ass game Though. The chance said, when are we gonna give a man that Jason Tatum treatment? Oh, whoa, whoa. Jason Tatum was, with the exception of this year, has been in the conference finals damn near his whole career.


Is there time that Jason Tatum didn't make the conference finals except this year, with the exception of this year. He's probably been to five or six. Well, you see what Jake, because Remember his rookie year, they were battling with Cleveland Cavaliers in the finals. He's probably been to five Eastern Conference finals. Well, you see that team, you see that team Jason Tatum surrounded by. They wasn't always like that. And he found a way to get to the Eastern Conference finals and they got out. You remember they got to the Eastern Conference finals and they didn't have a a a a Pinga when they lost the, the Golden State. Yeah. They, they, They didn't have holiday. They had, they had Brother Brown.


Yeah, brother. They had Brother Tatum. Yeah. Yeah. They was in the finals. Yeah. And they lost to LeBron them. Remember LeBron in game seven? LeBron had that historic game. Yeah, but your two best players, whether you say Julius Randall is the, an adman or the equivalent of Tatum and Brown. The problem that I have is that I can't deal with seven and 13 shots between the two of them.


I can't, I can't, I can't deal with 20 shots between the two guys. When Shade got for 30 by himself, Jalen Williams got 24. Chad Holmgren had 14. Stop turning the ball over and you limit, You know, Hey, that God damn shave, oh man, that boy got a toolbox on it, boy. I mean, oh yeah, that's matches. You can't stop it. He got a toolbox on Jalen Williams had his best game of the series. He dropped a cool 34. Like it, like it ain't nothing. Chad played great, had a big time block.


I'm not saying Minnesota could, would've won the series, but at least don't you be the reason why. Play good and say, Hey man, look at hand man. Gave us 30 a night. Gave us 35 a night. You got be the reason, you got to be the reason why your team always have a chance. Always. But the 68 win OKC Thunder one win away advancing to the first finals since 2012 when they had the kd, Russ Rus, harden Harden, And Sir Ibaca and my colleague, big Perk.


So OKC 1 28, Minnesota 1 26. They got 40 points from Shay Gils. He's one rebounder short of a triple double. Jalen Williams gave him 34. Chet Hong gave him 21 and Caruso gave him 33 big points off the bench. They played really well. And they are, one went away from advancing to the Western, excuse me, to the NBA final. They're in the Western Conference final now. Pop free Ocho Tyrese Halliburton's Father John will be allowed to attend Pace's home game. But he will not be courtside, he will be in a suite, ah, beginning Tuesday, game four against the Knicks. John Halliburton missed eight games following his confrontation with Giannis on April 29th.


You see where the a they got superstitious, don't you? Yeah. I guarantee you, if they the won game three, they wouldn't let him, they wouldn't have freed you. Nah, you, you might as well. You, you learn, you learn your lesson. Especially something like you want, you want be there for those moments. You wanna be there for those moments. I'm sure Halliburton obviously has something to do with it as well. The fact that he can't get court side is not gonna feel the same. It's not gonna Nope. It's different being in them suites. I don't, I don't, I don't, yeah, I, I don't frequent basketball games, but if I'm right, I gotta be on the wood. Yeah. I got on the wood so I can experience it and, and, and get the, that authentic feel of it.


I mean, I probably, it's probably a lot easier to see in an arena, see the suites, especially if You know where your suite's located. Right? 'cause I, You know, when I was in Baltimore, I had a suite and I was in Baltimore and I could look up there and see my kid and see my mom and my sister and stuff. My homeboys that would come. But it's, it is different. You know, it's different than my homeboys being on the sideline and You know, I can come out the field and dap 'em up when I do something good or so forth and so on. They can dap, You know? Yeah. It was, but I'm glad, I'm glad. Like I said, I think, look, look, he got caught up in the emotion of it. Ocho he was just so excited for his son.


It is just something between Milwaukee and Indiana that brings out the best in Indiana. Brings out the best entire res. And his dad got caught up in it, made a mistake, and he's back. Yeah. Hopefully, hopefully, hopefully it pays off. But like you said, it's not being in a suite and being Courtside is entirely two different things. They the same being on the suite or being in the stands and being on the field. There's a reason why before the game, all them celebs on the field. Yeah. Most dif it's the field. Yeah. It's different. But congratulations John Halliburton. You're backed in the building, not where you normally would be, but hey, it's a start.


Baby steps, baby steps out your baby steps. The Milwaukee Bucks are reportedly hoping that the presence of Doc Rivers will make Giannis Kupo more likely to stay in Milwaukee per Mark Steins the buc are hoping that the presence of Doc as a coach can provide some sort of boost. And Kupo and Rivers are believed to have a strong working relationship. You know, he's not staying. I mean, what, what, what are we doing? So he had a terrible, so Jason kids gone. Mike Boho is gone. Who won him? He was there when he got them two MVPs and he got a a, a finals MVP that won a championship. Adrian Griffin was fired after going 40.


What? 41 and 13, right? Not Doc. So I'm just trying to figure out, and I am just trying to figure out how, what am I missing? What, what, what, what, what is it, what is it that they see that we don't Listen? The man doesn't want to be there. I'm not sure. I'm not sure what, why They're obviously you gonna, I don't know. Ocho I don't know if he doesn't want to be there or if it he doesn't believe that they can win there. He can win there. You're not going to be able to, there's nothing you're gonna be able to do. Bringing in Doc Rivers isn't gonna get you a chance at contention for a trophy. It's not gonna be able to get you any more players. 'cause you can't sign anything and you wanna stay outta that second April. Bingo. So that mean that goes without saying.


I don't know why. I mean, you Traded holiday because you traded the holiday and gave up draft picks to get Dame Dame is, You know, Dame is out. Dame is out. I I think maybe his decision making would be a little different if Dame wasn't hurt. No. You don't think so? No. 'cause they didn't get to the two conference finals in the year that Dame was there and they, they're sometimes that they play really good, but it's kinda hard because, You know, and you think Giannis needs the ball to clear. And, and, and Dane likes to have the ball to do what he does. Sometimes it looks good, but more times than not it's just like, eh Yeah. Eh, he doesn't wanna be there. I I'm, I'm, I'm, I hate to regurgitate it and say it again.


I told you where Giannis is going. I told you how that's gonna go. Well I I'm not, I'm not saying I don't dis I I disagree with you, but what I am saying, what are you gonna give up? I, I just don't see a scenario where you keep Bam and Tyler Hero and still be able to get Giannis. Funny Thing about it is we never know the scenario that that's up to the team. That's up to the, all the teams, let say it like this all up to all the teams involved, You know? Yeah. He's, he's, he's give hints and, and answers where he'd like to be, where he'd like to play subliminally by answering questions on Twitter. I mean the proof is in the pudding is right there. I mean everyone's gonna have, he's expert opinions on where he should go. Yeah. Of the capital.


But that's how you put trade scenarios together. Okay? If you're the Lakers, You know who off limits, You know, you're not getting LeBron and you're not getting Luca. Yeah. So now you start playing with pieces. Okay, is ar avail available? Is ru available? You start playing with pieces who could possibly leave and who could possibly come. Right? So with that being said, that's the only way you can put a, a trace scenario you're talking about. You gotta do hypotheticals, You know the, I'm just trying to see, I'm looking at the pieces that what Miami have. They only got two pieces I would want. Right? Why would Johnnys want to go to mi, the Miami and, and and Bam and Tallah hero isn't there? It's the same thing that happened with Carmelo when he went to the Knicks.


Nobody there. You got it. Him? Yeah. When you think about it, where the hell what he go, where the hell, hell, where the hell else will Giannis go right now? Where they're gonna have to give up something for him to even get him and still not re re be right back in the same type of situation you were in in Milwaukee. I think the thing is Ocho, you're gonna have to get multiple teams involved but you're gonna have to satisfy Milwaukee. Milwaukee Gianni think about it. Ocho, you lost Kareem. How long before you got something to replace Kareem? Your second best player in franchise history? Giannis. I thank he the second best. 'cause Kareem won three titles with the two in.


You got to I we we don't need to read. I mean you need to look up Kareem's stats because everybody that think Kareem was a bum. Y'all need to look up Kareem before he got old. 'cause like in the eighties he still won finals MVP at like 37, 38 years of age. But you gotta go back and look at him when he from his, from his rookie year until he was about 30. Go check him out. Go check out his stats and lemme know what you think. With that being said, Lou Giannis a superstar. Yeah. See that's what that for the longest time, that's what really hurt OKC. 'cause see Kevin Durant was a free agent and he left. Imagine what you coulda got for Kevin Durant if you did a sign in trade.


So now you and if absolute prime, well hell, before it is prime. But now, so now you get a guy, I mean you gonna get draft picks out the galore and a couple of solid players. That's what you would've gotten. But he left. He got nothing. Walked out the door, same thing. Go to state, he walked out the door. So when I think about teams with draft capital, Brooklyn got draft capital. Houston got draft capital and players. 'cause you got Shung goon you, I'm not getting rid of Armand Thompson. Yeah, Armand Thompson is not going anywhere.


Right. So you got capital, you got Jabari Smith Jr. You got Easton. So they got capital and they got draft picks there. See that's the thing Ocho, there's only a handful of teams that have the draft capital and maybe some of the players to satisfy What, what about OKC? Giannis O-K-C-I-I Don't like that matchup with Shaa. Do they have the draft capital? Absolutely, yes. They have the draft capital. Go get a Kevin Durant. I mean if somebody else is available, they got the draft cap. Yes, they're absolutely. Look at the players they got. I don't, for me, I don't think they, I don't think they're breaking up their nucleus.


Shay, Jalen Williams and Holmgren. Right. I'm not breaking that up. There's a reason why Presty deliberately chose Chet Holmgren. 'cause he had an opportunity at Jabari Smith Jr. And because Paulo Van Carroll was gone, he was off the board. So you didn't have no shot at him. Nice. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Young, young fella. Young fella like that. Yes, absolutely. The Thunder have the pieces. They got seven, eight, first round picks, seven, eight, second round picks. They got two pick swaps still coming from the Clippers. Oh, they got the capital. Houston got the capital. Brooklyn has the capital because I just don't want draft picks.


I want some, I want players that can come in and play and contribute and can help me right now with Joe right Now. Yeah. So it's gonna be very interesting to see what Giannis, maybe they try to convince him one more year, but Giannis like one more year, that's a year older. I'm not closely, I mean when you look at it, Gian is by himself. They're not beating, they're not beating the Knicks, they're not beating the calves, they're not beating Indiana. Now. They might give Boston run without Tatum next year, but they're still okay. At best case scenario, they're the fourth best team. I'm not so sure that the fourth best team, if Ben Carro and Franz Wagner stay healthy Right.


With that shit. When they get thugs back with that, with Black and, and, and, and, and Cole Anthony with some of the pieces that they have. Are we sure? Are we sure Milwaukee is no better than a fourth or a fifth seed? I ain't coming back one more year to be a fourth or a fifth seat. Well That, that's, that's that's what it would probably be. Giannis can only do so much. Yes. You know, he can only do so much when he buy his himself. Yeah. What, but how do you improve this team? People like Ojo. Ain't nobody say yeah, woo man I'm gonna take this max deal from Milwaukee. I gotta, I get an opportunity to get a max deal from la.


I get a max deal from Chicago, I get a max deal. I'm going to Milwaukee. Right. You're not, you're not. There's nothing to do. It's cold ish clothes at 11. Okay, 10. What am I gonna go get some meat after the game? It can't be that bad. You think kids ain't playing? Kids ain't playing outside after September? Can't be that bad huh? In Milwaukee? Yeah, I'm I'm just saying it can't be that bad. It's bad as far, as far as what? I mean I've, I've never been there. I've never experienced what it's like to live there. It's in Wisconsin. So what you think the weather is like from Wisconsin?


October, November, December, January, February, March, April. So what do you think the weather's like? It's cold. You played in Green Bay? Yeah, it's cold. Okay. So what you think the weather like in October, November, December, January, February, March. But Guess what? Think about some of the teams you just named too. Hell all them them same months in Chicago. It's cold. Them same months. You just named in New York In Chicago. It's just open. I can still go get a meal at 10 o'clock at night. Oh that's, we'll see. Messed up. We shall see Austin Reeves agent issues a warning in admit trade rumors.


Next year's going to be a show. People really have no idea what's to come. Keep putting him in trade rumors for a second string center. Whoa. Who they taking shots at? Huh? Whoever keep leaking his name talking about part of trade. They're trading for a center But he, he said second string. Who's the second string center? They taking a Shot at somebody? Anybody, anybody that's not yoic, Joelle and bead. Those are really only sinners. Yeah. Hey Austin Rees is nice too. Huh? He can, yeah, he can go anywhere right now and Yes. Getting work, getting buckets. Yeah, but bro, you gonna opt out bro. You gonna opt out your contract.


The Lakers can only play you so much. Right. You gonna go somewhere and get a big payday anyway. You ain't trying to stay with the Lakers when you can get a $200 million deal and they can't give, give you that. I know, sure. Austin is very grateful, very thankful. Yeah. The Lakers believed in him, gave him a tryout. He went to the G league. He played really well. He, him and LeBron. LeBron saw something in him early, took him under his wings and he flourished big time. Let's not kid ourselves. Let's not kid ourselves. Officer Reed's finna get a beg of payday. He finna get a couple hundred million dollars. Yo O Oh estimate his value out there in la No He is not. He knows he knows his back. That's why, that's why his agent said what he said.


Okay. Because he opt out his contract. Go get some money young fella. Because see the thing is like what they try to do, Ocho, if you sign with your team, they can give you that fifth year you leave. They can only give you four. Yeah. So they was like, okay, we can add an extra year. That's an extra 50. You get nicked. Hey you not playing your best. You still a up in, you got 50 coming. Right. He knows that. He knows about based on what he's done over the last three years as you've seen this point, assist, rebound, total go up. He's been a valuable option.


I mean we saw him with he get with no Luca in the lineup. He and LeBron with no Luca and LeBron lineup, what he did against Indiana. We've seen him go out for 40. We've seen him go get 30. Yeah, he's improved every single year. He is a hell of a player. But those three guys are not gonna win anything. Now I'm not saying that you got a packaging, but they need a big, and and he's the only, he's the only valuable piece that they have that they're willing to part with. They not trade. Luca, you, you can't trade LeBron. 'cause LeBron is one of the two players that have a no trade. Right. He and Bradley Bill. Everybody else, nobody else in the NBA other than LeBron James and Bradley Bill has a no trade. Now when you say you, you also say they need a big, now Giannis is off the table going to LA too 'cause you don't have enough.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, I I I don't think, I mean he mentioned LA but I think he's talking about more clippers than, than Lakers. Ooh. Hey Harden Kauai And Giannis. Mm. What you gonna give up? Because your, your pigs, your pigs belong to O-K-C-K-C. That's right. That's right. That's right. As for 'em back and then guess what? We got pig swaps. So guess what? If some, for some God unforeseen reason, you are higher than we are. Hey, let's, let's swap that thing. You know what I'm saying? Don't. Yo, hey, you get a nice burger.


You get A-A-A-A-A, a good smash, double smash burger with cheese. And I got a, a bologna sandwich. You know what? I'm gonna swap lunches today. It's my time to swap. Okay. Nah, you got the bologna sandwich. I got the double cheese smash burger. See? Well, shit, Y Y's look like yonas gonna be, It's hard. Ojo hard because here's the thing I thought about with would make sense. Yeah. You, you putting yourself right back in the same goddamn predicament outside of it being the better goddamn city and being able to get something to eat after 11 o'clock. That's it.


But see that's the thing though. That's the thing Ocho is that Officer Reeves understands his value. He knows he's gonna be a commodity because he's proven, he's a starter in this league. He's not a role player. I mean, he, he's a role player, but he's a starting role player. You know what I'm saying? Yes sir. He can handle the ball. He can create his own shot. He can, he can facilitate an offense. He can run an offense. Yeah. He's, yeah, he's a liability on defense. But guy, there ain't nobody playing no defense anymore. Just don't let him beat you on the first dribble. Can, can you, can you guard him for two dribbles? That's it. Then helps gonna come. So with that being said, there's only a handful of teams that have the capital right to go to go get a young, because you gotta think about it, Ocho, look at what I'm giving up.


I'm giving up a Giannis, I'm giving up a kd, I need something valuable in return. Now KD iss a little different. Kds a little older, so he's not gonna command and Phoenix is not gonna get maybe what they think they're gonna get. Yeah. Yeah. Because there's a difference. I think Giannis is 30, KD is about to be 37 and injury history. Remember he got nicked again at the end of the year. He missed the last couple games right when he got there, he messed up his knee. So he has a history of being injured. So you're not gonna get what you, because of age and his injury history, he's still a phenomenal player.


Mary. When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for a's preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family, learn more at apu.apu.edu/military.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. That would make sense that I would be the host of the Colin Coward podcast. I mean, that's the way I see it. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Tito's handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks, smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Okay. I like things that are built to last. A great team, a well run organization. Same goes for my vodka. Tito's made in Austin, Texas. Real care, attention to detail. Distinct, crisp taste. I was just telling my wife the other day, Tito's is the one vodka. It has a completely distinct taste. Been my go-to for years, so I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime.


Lot of ice refreshing, easy Summer, winter, spring, totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, your team's gonna play 162 games a perfect time to kick back with some Tito's. It's what I pour You should too. Distilled and bottled by Fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store Gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms, apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025, and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees,


How to have fun anytime, anywhere. Step one, go to chumba casino.com. Chumba casino.com. Got it. Step two, collect your welcome bonus. Come to Papa welcome bonus. Step three, play hundreds of casino style games for free. That's a lot of games, all for free. Step four, unleash your Excitement. Woohoo. Chumba Chumba Casino has been delivering thrills for over a decade. So claim your free welcome bonus now and live the chumba life. Visit tempo casino.com. No purchase necessary. Vg w Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Wow. Someone make but check this auto show. Yeah. I, I can't, I can't even pronounce this guy's name. He said Zion Williamson is entering year seven with z with zero playoff minutes logged. I just got sick. The Zion Williamson going to the Pelicans, understanding his injury history, the fact that he hasn't been able to play even enough games to even make the playoffs. He didn't have a team surrounding him or, or have the help to make the playoffs. Yeah. Yeah. He made, they made the playoffs, but he was hurt.


He couldn't play. Yeah, they made the playoffs. This was, I think about it. He had bra, he had bi The Second year he had Valentines. He had CJ McCullough. This was, that was his second year, right? I don't know what year it was, but I'm saying he's, they, they made the playoffs. Zion just hadn't been able to play Play, I think. I think he, he needed a new change of scenery, y'all. He needed a change of scenery. You need a change of eatery, Change of who Eatery, what's important to him.


Everybody wants something more than Zion wanted for himself. Think about what he denied himself, probably going out, partying, doing all those other things that kids his age did because he wanted to be a basketball player and he wanted to go to college and he would, in college, he wanted to go to the NBA. So think about what you've denied yourself to get to where you got to. And now all of a sudden, now granted when you young ocho you rubing down the court, Ocho weight just fall off you. Yeah. I mean, I can lose, I can lose easy hell, I lose, I sweat out seven, eight pounds at a, at a practice once lost 13 pounds in a practice. You young, you can do that. As you start to get older, You see a lot of, you see a lot of young fat people.


You don't see a lot of old fat people OCHO because the heart's only so big. It's only meant to pump the size that you supposed to beat. You start getting four, you start getting three and 400 pounds when you meant to be 200 or two 50. Pump a little hard tax in the body. Yeah. That's why you can't put a Volkswagen engine in a, in a 18 wheeler. It is not meant to pull that. You'll burn it out. What's important to Zion? How bad does Zion want to be? It do it. See, get it. Getting in is easy. That's the easy part. Right? It gets hard to get out and get back in.


Zion is a phenomenal talent. We're never, you never gonna hear me say anything about the guy's talent. He can do it. We can do it. We've seen him. He can score 25 in a game. He can go get your double He. He's not the best rebounder. He, I mean, I thought he'd be a better rebounder than what he was because he's the explosive as Charles Barkley. Charles Barkley is the smallest guy that ever lead the league in rebounding. Right. Charles Barkley is six four, ZM six four and ZI believe is more explosive. But rebound is all about want to. That's why, that's why Dennis Robin did it so well. Dennis Robin wanted the ball more than anybody else. Yeah, but it's got to be, it's, he's got to adopt.


Say, You know what, man? I'm tired of this ish man, let me get myself, let me, let me get myself together. Let me get myself together. Let me, I'm gonna get me a, a a, a chef and I want you to hold me accountable. I'm not saying he can't ever eat something bad, but you have to like weigh the options. Let's just say for the sake of argument, Ocho, there's seven, there's seven days in a week. We know there's seven days in a week. And let's just say he's going to eat 28 meals that week. 28 to 30. Right? When you talk about breakfast, lunch, dinner, snacks, things like that, 28 meals.


Of those 28 meals, 25 of them need to be nutritious, healthy, packed with protein, complex carbohydrates. Facts. What, what happens if the team he has around him, the people that he has surrounding him, what if he is eating healthy? What if he is eating nutritious and he just can't seem to keep the weight off because maybe he just supposed to be, doesn't Work like that. Do You know how hard it is taking from somebody that that's had a healthy lifestyle pretty much for 32 years? Yeah. 1993. I made a decision I'm gonna have a healthy lifestyle. Do You know how hard it is to eat 2000, 3000, 4,000 calories if you're eating healthy. Okay. It ain't nothing to eat that kind of calories.


Hell, I get you a burger that got 2000 calories in it. But to eat chicken, to eat rice to eat fish, to eat, to eat broccoli, to eat vegetables. People don't understand how hard it is to eat that many calories when the food is nutritiously dense. Now if you eating some bull jubs Yeah, oxtails and pork chops and et faith and boan and jumbo and goat gumbo ain't nothing. You'll blow through 2000, 3000 calories in a meal. It's hard to ex out exercise a bad diet.


It's hard. And the older you get, the harder it is. I'm not telling you something Chad, I'm not telling you something somebody told me. I'm telling you what I know because once upon a time, I know I might not look like it now the way I walk and move around, I was an elite athlete at one point in time. I I always, I always argue with people too about that, about that, that saying you can't, you can't outwork a bad diet. But I mean, I think because my frame is is, is so small. Yeah, but I've Never, if you didn't work elcho, you realize that if you didn't live weights and work out like you do, how small you would be. I get skinny. I look, hey, You absolutely you would. I look sick, man. Like it's not even on when I don't lift and I, it look weird like some, yeah.


Yeah. And so that's, that's the thing. I mean, some people, there are some people like that. Some people like that to have that frame. Ocho Yeah. That don't matter what they do, they gonna be thin. And then there's some people, you look at a burger that's three pounds you gained, you shouldn't have looked at me. Oh. But I, I, I just think that's the thing that, that Zion needs to do. He just gotta make it up in his mind and say, You know what? I'm gonna get in shape. I'm gonna stay in shape. Right. Because I mean, before You know it, it's gonna be year 10 10. Hey, that's crazy. You know what's funny is I remember the, the hype, it was really that hype because he was that boy coach. Oh he legit. He was supposed to be the next face of the NBA.


He was supposed to be LeBron. They were trying to it from what it seemed from media coverage and what everybody was saying, he was the next great thing that was supposed to Yeah. LeBron was done playing and it just, it never panned out that way. Obviously because of injuries. And I, I'd assume, You know, his inability to to keep the weight off and, and, and be on the court and be available. But dude, oh, when he's on the court though, Oh we did. And see Ocho that's the thing that's frustrating because you see what he, when you can see what he can be Yeah. You see what he's capable of. 'cause he's shown it to you. But at the end of the day, you can never want something for someone else more than they want it for themselves. He's been seven years already.


It's about to be seven years. Next year it'll be seven years. This shit going by fast. It does. Think about ocho, think about it. When you came into the league and next thing You know, you looked up and you was in year 10. Yeah. Yeah. It went fast. It was a, and now it's about time to go. It's time for somebody else to aid. Once you get to year 10, you take a year to year, it ain't no more. Oh, I got me five more. Nah, hell nah. Absolutely not. Nah. You know, Ben business comes into play at that point. Absolutely. Once you get to year 10, whew. I sure, I hope I can get me another one. Oh, I stole another one. Don't you gotta be 12 of the things. Yeah. That's it. I, I think, and I think that's what's important for Zion.


'cause there's no denying this talent, there's no denying this talent. He get that ball a, he jumps so quick, so effortlessly. But that's a lot of pounding. That's a lot. That's a, that's a large man that's up and down, up and down, up and down. Same thing with him. B big man. And you asking big man to do that over and over and over 82 times a year, nobody's really going play. But Mikhail Bridge is gonna play 82 games, maybe a handful of players. Right. Playing 82 games. So you are asking Joel and B to, if he can give us 70 somewhere, give us 60, 60 to 70, can you do that?


Zion, can you give us 60, 60, 70? Because that's what it's gonna take. They're your the team's best player. It's hard to, it's hard to advance when your best player's not there. Zon is their best player. And now they've traded Bianca, not Bia in Toronto. He was dealing with, I think he was dealing with a blood clot. Right. What did, what did a BIA have in Toronto? Because he got traded. How Many, how many other teams 'cause Zion go to, you could probably go everywhere and still be the best player outside of OKC and the Lakers, huh? No. Yeah. Well, he ain't gonna be, here's the thing. Could, where could he go or where could somebody's gonna that need him and have the capital to, to give up?


Look, he always wanted to go. I, I, I still believe this. I believe he would've preferred to be the third pick and be in New York. They'd be the number one pick and be in New Orleans. Can you, can you imagine Zion in New York? Yeah, I can, I can. Hey, at his size, Zion would be the, he would, he did he too short to be the He could play, he could play the four. He he he's the three though, right? Because Zion, yeah. Okay. He can be, he could play the three other four because he's so powerful. Yeah, but he he undersides though, huh? Yeah. But I gotta punish you. Like, like I saying, if you punish me on one end, I gotta punish you on the other.


I Mean, yeah. Hey, that sucker and that sucker. Good jump man. He's a, he's a quick jumper, quick, very athletic, You know, very explosive To be that size. The funny thing about it is probably everyone else, he's a little bit more twitchy than everybody else. Oh yeah. He twitchy as if he's as if he's small. If That makes, he's a, he's a more explosive Charles Barkley. Look at the way Barkley was built. Right. And look at the way Zion is built. Same and Char. That would've been the first thing I would've done. I would've got with Charles Barkley and said, Charles, how'd you do it? How'd you get the weighter? He said, Moses, because he, he had a veteran. Moses Malone said a Hey Charles, he said, you fat and you lazy.


That's a hell of a combination. You could be one of the other Ocho It'd be both. No, you can't be those two. Right. And that's what I tell guys. I say, look, you be you in football, you can be old and fast or young and slow, but you can't be two together. You can't be old and slow. Yeah. Be over there on the sideline. No, you be out the league old and slow gets you outta the league old and fans will keep you on the sideline. Yeah. But I just, I just hope he gets it figured out. I just hope to figure he gets it figured out because man, he is so immensely talented and you just want to see the best, especially guys that you see and You know, they got it in the mojo.


You know, they talented you, you've seen it. It's not because man, I ooh, I man, I don't, I don't know, but hey, no, we've seen when he is healthy, yeah, he's a all star S office. But it is what it is. Ocho that's, that's his career. That's his future. And, and he has to, he's going, he gets to determine it. Jaron Triple J, Jaren Jackson Jr. Was one selection away from the biggest bag in NBA history. 22 points a game All star, all defense. Still not enough to crack the all NBA Triple J shoulder numbers. Were they too many big names, too few spots. And just like that, just like that Triple J misses out on a supermax contract.


350 million. What he could have signed for 150 million instead $200 million. Abracadabra vanished. I'm going to the border. Sometimes it's not about what you did, it is about how crowded the room was. That's not fair. That's when you ride the merry-go-round, get candid apples cotton candy and You know, sometimes you can see a pig, the be lady and the tender at the fair, Hey, You know, that's not fair. You get what you, you get what you earn, not what you deserve.


So lemme ask you a question. Who are you taking off the all NBA selection teams who you taking off and putting them on there for Now that no Uhuh, there ain't no, ain't nobody to take off because they on there for a goddamn reason. And that's, and that's what I tell people. Say, man, he should have gone to the Pro Bowl. Who you taking off? He should have been a all star who you take off. Yeah. But the fact that if you've made it, if you able to make it and the the difference in money you get when you do. Yeah, My Good. I've been there, I've been, I've been to situations on show that the Pro Bowl, I had more catches, more yards and more touchdown and somebody went to the Pro Bowl in front of me and my team went to the playoffs When that happened.


I guarantee you. On the back end. Yeah. Oh yeah, I told you that. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I know that go. Yep. Damn. Yeah. Had more catches yards than touchdowns. Couple of times I was seconding yards, catches and touchdowns. Hold on. Aren. So before you didn't make the NBA You needed to be, you need to make one of the three all NBA teams first thing of the third team or be an MVP. That'll definitely help 200 million down the drain.


200 gone get like that. See Shea MVP? No, now you're the MVP. You know you gonna be all NBA you can sign a four year, 2 94 or a 5 3 80. Which one you taking Four for 2 94. And Shea is only what, 26? We finna hit him cross the head again. Yes. Jesus Christ. Yep. So guess what, when he's able to come up again, it'll probably be four 30 max contracts Now re regard and regardless of being older, you, he'll still be able to get that.


He'll still be eligible for it. Now once you get to like 36 ocho. Yeah, I think, I don't Think you could do more than a two year deal. Right. Okay. Okay. Because they didn't want play. You know, they didn't want, because You know, old player be 40 years old, Hey, I want five years. No damn. Well you ain't gonna be playing till you're 45. Right. But you got money gonna come in, ain't it? Like, I think that's what it is. Right After you get to a certain age in the NBA, you can only sign two year, two year deals. Because I think that's what happened to LeBron. Oh, I thought he was choosing purposely choosing to sign two years on purpose. No, No. That's crazy. He signed two years. But it's one plus an option.


Go ahead. Yeah, so it's over 38. Okay. So 38 older. So theoretically Shea might get two, got back, might got three of these because he'll go from 30, 26 to 30. Right. 30 to 34. He then do another one on the back end of two year. He might, he might do a billion dollars in contracts. Hey, You know, it's funny. He worth every goddamn dime. Yeah, For sure. There's really nothing you can argue about when it comes to him. No, he will completely not.


I, I love, I love everything about the young man. I love the way he carries himself. I love how hard he plays. I love the, the, the, the grind that he's put in, the work that he's put in and to see. There's nothing better than seeing a plan come together when you work extremely hard for something and you see like, damn, Finally, Because all I wanted to do, all I wanted to do come fall Ocho was to see what the summer had to did the what I get in the summer. Did that itch play Off? Yeah, it did. Yeah. What what's funny when you, when you put the work in, when you put the hours in, no matter what you do in life, no matter what it is, you always, Always That work always.


No matter what. Ain't no way around it. Don't, Joe, take your time and then, and you never have to sit back. You never have to sit back. Not one, not one time have I ever sought back about my NFL career and says, man, if I had just done this, if I had ate better, if I had trained, if I had studied ain't, I had no regrets. I got everything outta my God-given ability. Everything. I squeezed it all Ocho You know, I had orange juice and then I ate the pulp, the, You know, I used the, the zest, the orange zest for cooking. So I got everything out of the orange. Wasn't nothing left. Walk away with your head held high. You accomplished everything. Pro bowls, all pros, super bowls.


You and your, you and your teams Ring of Fame. You wanted the 50 greatest players that played for your team. What? Nothing More you could ask for Nothing. Nothing. Because all I wanted was an opportunity to play in the NFL Man. Lemme play in the NFL two, three years. I could say I played. A lot of people don't get an opportunity to say that. Play that. And they played high school and play college. That was my goal playing in the NFL. Hey, get great out of this. That was it. Ojo, I mean, look. Yeah, I wanted, I wanted two, I wanted three things really for me that was tangible. I could put my hands on. I wanted a Rolex, I wanted a Ferrari and I wanted a house.


The air conditioned indoor plumbing and running water. I got that. I'm good. I like that. That's it. I like that. I ain't, You know, the way I live now, I never thought that was possible. Hey, hey. Even if I'd have just had me my window. You remember we go up the window unit? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. You had the air conditioner to the window. The Ac you had the AC unit in in, in the window. Yeah. I know what you're talking about. And listen, if you, and if you didn't have that, you had, we had Zs back in the day. You remember the the the fans The portable? Yeah. My portable. You plug into the wall the little Square fans. Yeah, yeah. Oscillating fans. Yeah. Box fans. You had one of them. Yeah. Yeah.


One of the other, Yeah. Well we had one that the blade would have broke off, so you had to put a block on it. 'cause it'd be dancing around. Dancing around. Yeah. Yeah. So we put a big old, big old block, a fender block on top of it. It stayed right there. Kept it cool. Well actually it didn't keep it cool. It brought hot ass air. 'cause we ain't have no air conditioning. But that's all I wanted though, Joe, You know, get my grandma to that situation. And I could have indoor plumbing running water and air in the house that was air conditioned. It was good. Or you couldn't tell Shannon Sharpe nothing. I just, again, my mind. I'm trying to think. I I kind of, You know, I've always lived a very, very, very simplistic lifestyle.


Always live way below my means. And my, my, my whole thing obviously wanted to play in the NFL wanted to make it really having no desires or, or or understanding about, You know, super Bowls and all that stuff until I actually got there. And the meaning and how much they meant, You know, to, to a lot of people that played the game. Yeah. But as well, I was able to play and have fun and do it my way. And I always wanted to make sure my kids were good. Yeah. Long, all long the kids were good. Anything that they need, anything that they want for that is taken care of. And everything else, it, it, it didn't matter The volume.


When You're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour for undergraduate and master's level programs. American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more@apu.aus.edu slash military.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled in one of the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Did You know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at greenlight.com/iheart.


You're listening to an iHeart podcast.