
You're listening to an iHeart podcast. Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's X purse sprint, and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself This season. Let your shoes do the talking Designer shoe warehouses packed with fresh styles that speak to your whole vibe without saying a word from cool sneakers that look good with everything, the easy sandals you'll wanna wear on repeat.


The SW has you covered. Find a shoe for every you from the brands you love, like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, new Balance and more. Head to your DSW store or visit DSW dot com. Today You have a long list of things to deal with. Check dry eye symptoms off with refresh relieve pf extra lubricant. Eyedrops offering an advanced formula to soothe and hydrate your dry eyes. Refresh relieve of pf extra includes moisture locking technology that prevents further irritation and gives you lasting relief. You deserve relief from your dry eye symptoms and your eyes deserve extra.


Find refresh online or in the eye drop section at all major retailers, FSA and HSA eligible Kickoff summer with Memorial Day savings at Lowe's. Right now, get five Scotts Naturescapes, one and a half cubic foot mulch bags for just $10. Plus, get up to 40% off select major appliances and save an extra $50 on every $500 you spend on select major appliances, $396 or more. Lowe's, we help you save valid through 5 28 mulch. Shopper excludes Alaska and Hawaii. Selection varies by location while supplies last. See lows.com for more details, The volume.


Alright, Nick, we gonna get you outta here. This, the Indiana Fever fell at home to the Atlanta Dream tonight. 91 90 Ron Howard balled out 20 points, three steals, four May threes, two clutch free throws to secure the win. Caitlyn Clark 27 and 11 and now holds the record for the most 25 point 10 assist games in WNBA history despite only playing one year in two games. She has the most 25 10 games in WNBA history despite only playing one year, two games. Kailyn Clark has six. Sabrina Neku has five dt. The great Diana Tara Rossi has four.


Nobody else has more than two. Clark did it in 44 career games. There've been, look, there've been a lot of back and forth. I think a lot of people didn't want to give her the credit that she deserved what she needed to play X amount of years. When a player is great in this rookie year, he's great. Ain't nobody tried to hold magic back. Ain't nobody tried to hold bird back. They were good and people acknowledge they were good. How, what, what if it, from what you can see, Nick having played the game, having coached the game, still being around the game, having been around the game, still following the game with your own podcast, what is it about Kaitlyn Clark that makes her so polarizing?


Well, to, to me, even, even when she was in college, man, I said she, she's going to dominate once she get to the W-N-B-A-I-I, I knew it. I could see it for one, her range is crazy. So now the defense gotta pick her up higher on the court. Now if you pick me up high on the court and as quick as I am and as good as my handles is, guess what? Now I'm gonna live in your paint. And when I'm living in your paint, I'm, I'm dropping it off Boston. Get this layup, get this layup, get this layup. So to, to me watching these watching Caitlyn is teams are overly aggressive. Right? And she she's not phased by that.


You know what I'm saying? Like she's, she, you, You know how Luca, when Luca played against the Clippers and Yeah, the fans, we like, oh, the Clippers Kawhi, pg pat, they finna beat Luca up and Luca ain't worried about that. He, he playing at his own pace. Caly Clark plays at her own pace. So while you want to be aggressive, guess what she gonna do? She's gonna use that against you. And a lot of times they use their aggression on the court. So the reason why she's able to get that many assist, they not for degrees. A lot of times they for bunnies, they for bunny layup. Yep. Because that being is just sitting in that pocket. She getting that pass rolling. She getting easy layups. But Caitlyn man, like all through like her little short WNBA career, I said this about this girl man was the fact that everybody on the outside was just chirp, chirp, chirp, chirp, chirp.


You ain't hear that girl say one word? Nope. She didn't say one word. You know, she kept doing, she kept hooping getting better. I said she she got it dog. She got it. She ain't worried about that other stuff. She got it. You know what I said Nick? I said the same thing. And people said with Trey Young, I said, Trey Young's gonna be good in the NBA man. He too small. I said, the dude let the nation is scoring and assist. So if he can't score, he can facilitate. Yep. And if he, if you try to take away as big, he could score when you can shoot the ball with the re she has, she can get all the way to the rim. You see how she's getting, she's averaging 8 cents a game in college.


You mean to tell me that's not gonna translate? Of course it is because she's not one dimensional. Now we saw Jimmer Fette struggle because he could only shoot the ball. So now when bigger guys, they crowd him. He had a hard time. Now Trey Young, okay, yeah. You crowd him. Jim Rat didn't have the handle that Trey had that can get his own shot off. Jimma couldn't facilitate. Trey can get you a 30 20 game. There hadn't been very many guys in NBA history that could get you a 30 20 game. Right. He can, Kaitlyn Clark has that exact ability. She can go get you a 2010 or a 2015 game, maybe even a 30 15 game because she has that ability.


She can handle the ball. She's tremendous off the dribble. Like you said, she can get downhill. Oh, she can get downhill. Hey, take that with you right there. Or now if I'm playing her, I'm if she, if I catch her going right, that's what she's gonna get that three off on you. If you notice most of her threes when she hit that one in college, that broke the record, the one she hit against the Brazilian team. She likes to float. Right. I mean left. Excuse me. Yep. But Hey, but you, You know what uncle you could think about too, Nick, about why people obviously question players that are great in college, obviously excluding someone like a Kaitlyn Clark or Trey Young. But we see so many players that are great in college, most of the time not paying, not paying attention.


Whether they're one dimensional, whether they can put the ball on the floor or what they can't do. But they play so great in college and you see so many of 'em get to the NBA and they never pan out to what they can be. So then even with some of his greatest Trey Young or some of his greatest Clayton Clark is obviously with the hypes surrounding him as well. They always doubt it. They always doubt it because it's not the elite of the elite or it's not the highest level. So they always question it until they get there and they actually prove everybody wrong. And that's what, that's what Trey Young was able to do. Now obviously ca, Caden Clark and doing it as well, You think a lot of it has to do Nick because their size. Yeah. Because if Trey Young was six five and led the nation scored and assist, it wouldn't have been no issue. Yeah, but he's six foot Caitlyn Clark, she's not Asia Wilson.


She's not 6 4, 6 5 like a stew. And so people look at like, well, what I mean she ain't she ain't gonna play with her back to the basket, blah, blah, blah. But you have to look at what they're able to do, how they're able to create points. Mm. Not only can I create for me, I can create for you and make it easier for you. And so when you factor those things in, I mean, damn, they want, you want God to give 'em everything. So you want God to make average 27 points in college, average double digit assists in college and make him 6.65. Did you, so you want Kaitlin Clark to be able to handle the ball like she handles, shoot the ball from the three like she does and make her story or or Asia Wilson height.


How fair would that be? It's, it's, You know, it, it's a lot of hate. A also, You know, a lot of people hate it. It is. You know what I'm saying? A lot of people hate it on Kaitlyn, You know what I'm saying? And it comes with the territory, right? It it comes territory. And, and the, the, the form of respect that I thought that they showed Caitlyn last year was in the Allstar game, picking her up full court in the Allstar game, full court beating her up during the season, which is, which is normal. Like you, you, you come in as a top player, guess what we finish show you, You know what I'm saying? Welcome to our league. We know you're gonna be good, but welcome to our lead. Take this with you. That's normal pastor ball, You know what I'm saying? And and she handled it. She wasn't tripping.


It was just the outside tripping. And that's why, that's why she gained so much respect from me is because she ain't never getting into the media crying about it. You know what I'm saying? She let, she let the outside know cry. She just balled out, man, what the game that they had on Saturday was the most viewed game since 2000. Mm. Normally her games, they sell out. Mm. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter how good the opposing team is. We know when they go to New York and they play the liberty. We understand when they come to Las Vegas and play the ACEs, we understand that it doesn't matter who she plays the state. I mean, I went to the game when they played the ACEs.


I mean, and you would've thought she was on the home team when they introduced her. I ain't telling you what somebody told me. Old Cho. I'm telling you what, I'm there. I'm there. I hear, I heard it. Yeah. She different from, I saw at the Allstar game, I was at the Allstar game in Phoenix in Arizona. She got a notation that rivals Aja Wilson, you, You know, from an individual standpoint, the the last NBA player that in my eyes who, who had that kind of effect on, on, on a a society was that damn Allen Iversson. Yeah. And a AI had that same effect, man, because when he went into an opposing arena, he gotta standing over basic.


Sometimes you get teams going like the Lakers. Lakers, yes. Austin, the Knicks, the team can look to an opposing ai to me, outside of Jordan was that next person. You know what I'm saying? That when he went into any arena in the country, man, he got that standing ovation in beginning all throughout the game. They cheered for ai. Kaitlyn Clark got that same effect right now in the WNBA and she's bringing eyeballs and sponsors and advertisers and they're about to do a new deal that's gonna generate millions and millions of dollars. It's gonna increase the, the salary. So a one year salary. So now a one year Sal a max player might get 3, 3 50, 400,000.


Why y'all think that is to to, to me it's, it's, it's a win-win for the ladies man. You know, it's a win-win. It's, it's a win-win keep. Hey, keep, keep beating her up. You know what I'm saying? Keep making it rough for her. You know what I'm saying? Because that's making her better. That's making her team better. Now her team, you see her team, they coming to her defense now, You know what I'm Yes. And she got better people around her. They coming to early defense. But I love the women's game. To me, the women are made way more fundamentally sound fundamentally sound than yes. The NBA guys than than the men's side. And I, I love to see these girls who, and I love to see when, when the Good Games, the Indiana's against the, You know what I'm saying, the Las Vegas ACEs and the Yeah, yeah. The ACEs and the ACEs in Minnesota.


Yes. Or the, or or the Liberty. Yeah. You know, I don't know how good I think Dallas is gonna be. I think, I think the Mercury's gonna be pretty good this year also. They, they, they added a few pieces, I think Sael, Ali Satou. Yeah. I think they added her, they added somebody else too. The Mercury did, they picked up two players because BG is now in Atlanta. Yeah. I I, look, I remember when they first came in the, the Institute, I think it was 96 when they, they brought the WNBA to the, and You know, normally when the women left, I mean you never heard from 'em again. You know, I, I go back to Cheryl Miller and, and, and, and Pam and Paula McGee.


I remember all those. Clarissa Davis. I remember all the old, the old guard was coming in and then, You know, started watching, You know, back then when La Tech, law Tech with Kim Mulkin and Champ, they, they won a national championship. Yeah. And the USC knocked them off and then Texas knocked them off and then here comes Tennessee. And Tennessee ran it for years. I'm, and then here come Yukon. Yeah. But now, I mean, now with, with the parody and the, the league spread out and it's growing and it's getting eyeballs. Look, you see what you wanna say? People started watching the NBA got interested when Magic and Bird came. Right. You see what you wanna say? Right. Magic and Bird did that because the game was still tape the lead.


You was flying commercial. Yep. You could, you could get on play and you might be sitting, sitting next to your favorite NBA player. So, so hey, hey, Calin is doing a unbelievable job. You, you are right. Oh, Joe, You know, idea, when the rookie come in, we don't make it easy on him. No, no. A linebacker safety. I'm corner, I a the heart. I thought they'll give you the whole nine yards. All I'm bringing out all the tricks. I'm trying to make you look as bad as I possibly can because what you think those other, those other guys on the other team gonna do you think they going, oh man, he, your a man. He didn't no more pick. Let's take it easy on him. Hell nah. Everybody trying to prove the point.


Everybody got to prove that point because bro, I don't, first of all, I don't ever want you to think that you can cover me. So I'm gonna give it to you. I'm gonna give it to you early and often. That's why I went to the Pro Bowl show. We had one-on-one. Yeah. Now, now you're not finna cover me because I don't want you to get back to the mainland. In fact, you can cover me. It ain't just got you over in Hawaii that you can't do it when we come back to the regular stage. The the 48. Yeah. You ain't gonna see me over there either. So we could just so we know. Wait, You're on the same page. Everything is, but she's, she's box office. I mean, thank She's what she's already now they listed the top guards, the top centers, the top fours.


She's already the top guard. Second year in the league. Yes. And she was, she was all, all WNBA first year in the league. And she's a favorite to win the, the, the nm VP second year in the league. That's correct. Just go to show you she Oh, she hyped. No, she not hyped. I've seen hype. No, that's not me. The creation that girl could. Yeah. Excuse me. That young lady can really, really play Me. Listen, if you gotta, if you got a set of eyes, You know that Yes. Anything, any, anything outside of that, at some point it becomes okay, now you just here. Yeah. Yeah. You tried to find fault. Yeah, I, I I think when the WNBA first came out, 'cause I was, I was around it.


I was living in Houston and, and they had the comics, You know what I'm saying? Yeah, for sure. Yeah. They had everybody. Yeah, they had everybody. They had Cynthia Cooper, they had Tina Thompson and they had Sean Swoop. Swoop. Yeah. They had three of the top six players in the NBA. Yes, they did. And, and I remember vividly when Rebecca Lobo came on the scene, like the WNBA was just trying to promote, promote Rebecca Lobo. And OCHO just said it, You know what I'm saying? You got a ball. The eye test is going to tell you like, you can't force nobody on us. You know what I'm saying? Nobody, Caitlyn Clark, you ain't, you ain't gotta try to force her on, on, on the public like she can hoop. You know what I'm saying? So kudos to her.


'cause she, she's helping the game out big time. Having the big time is going to grow exponentially. A lot of their game's gonna be nationally televised. I thought she should have been on the Olympic team last year. I thought she was that good. Hey, she gotta wait her turn. But her turn is coming. Definitely coming in 2028. Nick the chat keep asking us about some Kobe stories. Rest his soul. What's you, what's your favorite Kobe story? Oh man. Favorite Kobe story. So, of course everybody know we used to, we used to play one-on-one all the time. And You know, Kobe was a big time and one player at that time, You know what I'm saying? And one was hot. And I ain't gonna lie, Kobe had better handles than me.


And so you remember the donkey did and, and we all going crazy on the sideline. Yeah. That, that happened to be a, a pre preseason game. Right. Preseason game in Vegas. Yeah. Yeah. People don't understand like they thinking we celebrating the dunk. No, we ain't celebrating the dunk Dale Harris in the huddle. Kobe come up, get the ball, we going fake screen and whatever cool players for Kobe. He'd walk out. He telling everybody, he and Kobe, Kobe used to walk, You know, he, Kobe was about eight feet tall, man, the way he'd walk. 'cause he is, You know, he had, he had the swag, You know what I'm saying?


The swag is crazy. Yeah. And he just walking up to everybody, I'm about to dunk on this food. I'm about to dunk on this food. I'm about to cross this fool up and dunk on him. Oh, o That's why we went crazy because that man sit there, that's the one he put behind his back and came up under the re Oh no, no. The one where he just crossed him up and, and came down in the middle. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And I think Ben Wallace tried to take the charge. Yeah. Yeah. And so we, we was tripping because a 18, 19-year-old literally just told us, I'm about to cross this fool up and dunk on me. And so when he and did it, did it, our reaction one to dunk our reaction was, damn.


This little just said what he was about to do in the and did it and did it. That's why we was tripping. We was like, oh my god. Wow. Interested in investing in Bitcoin but not sure how to get started. Well, with a Gemini credit card, you can dip your toes into Bitcoin without even trying. Just spend like you normally do groceries, gas, or a night out and instantly earn up to 4% back in Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos straight to your account with no annual fee. The Gemini credit card is pretty much a no brainer. And right now you can grab a $200 Bitcoin intro bonus. So go to gemini.com/card to learn more and start earning today terms apply again.


Go to gemini.com/card, start building your bitcoin slash now terms apply. The Gemini credit card is issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025. And spend $3,000 in your first 90 days terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts. This content is not investment advice and trading crypto involves risk for more details on rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees. Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with Mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month.


Of course if you enjoy overpaying, no judgments, but that's weird. Okay. One judgment anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra CFL terms@mintmobile.com. So we all made mistakes, right? But on it up to them, it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and utter protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it.


Cool Chris and Fresh, it's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried, it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about, head to your local Walmart or Target and try an OG degree. Cool rush for yourself. Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back.


Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report. Nick did You know practicing with him, he was, You know, he came in as a 17-year-old. Did he, did you see any indication that he was going to turn out to be what he was not as good. It was an indication he was gonna be good, but Yeah, not the greatness, You know what I'm saying? But here's things that I saw in him that when you look back, you can understand.


Right? So one was he was taking classes at UCLA in the summertime. Summertime UCLA, we going up there to hoop, You know what I'm saying? So Right. Every time I'm walking to the gym, Kobe walking this way. So we crossing paths, he got his backpack on, he dribbling his ball. What up quick? He gone. I'm talking about, it was like, it was like clockwork every day. This how he was every day. That was one thing. Every day after practice, he got all the power forwards, the 6 9, 6 10, 6 11 guys. And they playing one on one with him. But, but he the only one can shoot.


He, he the only one can shoot. So now he working on all the Jordan moves, all the Jordan Fadeaways. So they get a point if he missed, he get a point if he make every day, every day. So I used, I used to have these VHS tapes, right? And they was, they was full of the goat, You know what I'm saying? Michael Jordan, the goat about about eight hours work, right? The goat Michael Jordan, the goat. I I ain't buying to it, Nick. I ain't buy I heard you the first time, but you already know. So, so I, I had about six to eight hours of the BHS, like two or three of 'em, right. And I would put him on a plane and it had boxing on it, it had football, it had just all highlights.


It was crazy. And man, one, one time we getting ready to get off the plane. Kobe used to, he, we everybody called Kobe Kiko. He called Kiko Kiko Kiko. Lemme get that tape. So I gave him, let let him give him the two tapes. I ain't seen them tapes and I ain't, I I still ain't seen him. And Tracy McGrady, O Ocho, Tracy McGrady said that when he came out to LA and stayed with Kobe and them, he said all Kobe did was watch Michael Jordan. I'm like, yeah, motherfucker, this is martinis. But that was, that was like, we knew he was gonna be good. We knew he was gonna be good. Like we, we knew that.


But the greatness, like historically great. I, I tell, I tell people like Kobe was way more mature than us and we were three, four years in the league before Kobe, but he was way more mature than us. So yeah man, he he worked at being great. Yeah, it ain't just happening. Nick, Nick, tell the people where they can find you. Plug your podcast. What's your podcast called? So it's quick to the point, man. Nick Van next, A quick to the point on YouTube, man, check us out, man. We just getting started, man. Who, who's your cohost? We got Brandon Dean, university of Arkansas, legend Johnny Collins, TCU Track star. So him and Clarence Hill, Dallas Cowboy beat.


Yep, yep, yep. I know, I know Clarence very well. Yeah. Where can they, where can they find you on IG and Twitter? Ugh, man, I, I literally just got on IG a few weeks ago. I think it's Nick, Nick, the Quick Van Exel, Nick, the Quick Van Exel on IG and on Twitter. That's the one I'm always active on is Van xo my last name, 31, the number 31 Van XO 31 on Twitter. Make sure y'all go check y'all. Make sure y'all check out Nick Van xo, his podcast at Twitter and ig. Nick, thanks for joining us. Give us a few minutes tonight, man. Greatly appreciate it. When you get a few moments, come back and stop, stop by and talk to us. Yes sir.


Oh, oh, save me one of those sticks, man. Oh, I got, I got you. I got, I got a few of 'em When you, when you coming back out here? I see I gotta come back out there in about two weeks. Hey, tell your brother though I'm, I'm headed to South Carolina. I'm trying to see him on that course. Oh, you okay? Alright. I'm headed to you play, you wanna play for some money or something? I need to tell him to get his money right. Nah, I'm good. Alright man. Hey Dick, appreciate that man. I talk to you bro. I appreciate y'all man. Yo Ocho. What up baby? It's official. NFL players will be allowed to compete in flag football at LA 28 Olympic Games.


NFL owners have now officially approved a resolution to allow their players to participate in flag football in the 2028 summer Olympics by a vote 32 Oh unanimous. The NFL version of the dream team is coming. Justin Jefferson on flag football in the Olympics and the NFL being able to participate. To be honest, I'm at a loss of word to think about a chance for playing in the Olympics and getting a gold medal. It's a Dream five on five format, which each team filled a 10 man roster comprised of the following positions. A quarterback who could only run past the line of scrimmage after handing the ball off and receiving a lateral or going out for a pass. A center who can only go out for a pass immediately after snapping the ball, wide receiver back, who can line up as either a standard running back or wide receiver or rusher who can rush the quarterback from seven yards off the line of scrimmage.


Defensive back. Who defensively functions. Functions as a traditional corner safety. Who prioritizes defending the pass over the run? Here are the rules. Ocho The field is 70 yards by 25 yards. Yeah, 40 minute games. Two 20 minute halves including a two minute warning. Four downs to reach midfields and four downs to score. Touchdown no plays within five yards of the end zone. Overtime his score, a score is tied. Which each team getting an equal chance to win ocho. Yeah, your general manager pick your 10 man squad. Oh my 10 man squad. Yep. Woo.


Lamar and quarterback You got? Lamar, You better tell Lamar because he can run that throne. Okay? Okay. Okay. Yeah, we got, we got Lamar quarterback. Okay. Gimme, gimme Chase, gimme Justin. Okay, we need a run back, right? Yeah. Gimme sayquan. What, what else we need You, you need run back. You need two wide receivers, a quarterback. You need Russia corner and safety Rush corner. Gimme, gimme stingy. Okay, gimme sting on one side.


PS two. Gimme yeah, gimme PS two on the other side. My safety. Gimme gimme durwin. Okay, Gimme Durwin. He, he, he, he, he can get back there. He, he rangey as hell. We need a linebacker. Huh? We need somebody in that middle. Huh? You better get somebody that can rush the passer. You need Micah? You want Miles, Garrett? No, no, no. Give gimme Micah. He's a little bit more little, little more quick Twitch. Okay. Gimme Micah and I can I get Fred Warner now or not? Hold on. I Think you trying to, you Think you trying to feel a whole a real damn team? No, no, no, no. I'm, I'm just, I'm just saying, I'm thinking Flag football. Okay, you get a quarterback, a center wide receiver back rusher DB safety.


Hold on. But now the center center also, we can go out for a pass though, so it's not gonna be a real center. So you gonna take Tyreek? Yeah, let's, let's add Tyreek gonna be my center. Why you laugh? Why you laughing? But also this is, let me, let me, let me say something real quick. Now I understand that NFL players could do it, but we have, we have legit flag Flag football to Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. That, that actually play the game. So I'm, I'm hoping, I'm hoping they're integrated into this as well. Oh, somewhat because the, the game, obviously the game of flag football is going to be new to those that are playing in the NFL and the rules are much different. Yeah, it's much different.


It's much, much different. So I'm hoping those that play flag football are able to represent, You know, the country as well and, and allow to play alongside the NFL players. I'm, I'm, I'm hoping that's what it is. It's not strictly only NFL players. Yeah. Right now they're proposed roster, the 2028 Olympic team CBS sports. Say this would be the pro proposed roster ocho Wow. Jay Daniels at quarterback running back. Jamir Gibbs at running back wide receiver. Devon k Chan running back wide receiver. Justin Jefferson, wide receiver DB Jamar Chase wide receiver DB Travis Hunter, wide receiver DB Rush, Michael Parsons, rush Nolan Smith Jr.


Corner, Darryl Stingley Jr. Safety Maxwell Hairston. I I, You know what? That's not bad. That's not bad. But we got, we gotta have more people out there in that though. Not on the field. I'm just saying as far as far as reserves. Huh? As far as reserves. We need more reserves. Well I'm, you got a 10 man team. 2, 4, 6, 8, 10. That's 10 Man. That, I mean the 10 man team that we, that, that, that that CBS pick. I probably gonna pick somebody or a somebody that's elusive quick Twitch.


So Jayden, Daniels and Lamar gonna be my quarterbacks. Right. I like Gibbs at, at running back. Yeah, that's a good one. I said Sayquan, but Gibb, Gibbs, Gibbs is a lot 28 I think. You know, I would go say Christian McCaffrey, but he might be a little, little old. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. I like Gibbs. I'm thinking who, who Another running back that can, that can catch, You know what I'm don't, that can Catch and run. Maybe they ain't gonna be running, they gonna be throwing in the ball. It, I, I like Gibbs the best. Okay. That's why I think Quan it is either one of the two. Yeah, I'm talking about that can get gone. But, but all but the, the running backs and receivers are interchangeable because they're running back or receivers so you can line 'em up anywhere.


So I like Chase, I like Jetta, I like Tyreek, I like a chan. Yeah. I like Michael. I like that. You know who I, who is a good Russian like no Smith. I like Will Anderson Jr. That's a good one. He real Twitchy because you gotta, guys gotta be able to change the direction, don't you? Yeah, that can a Little bit. Them guys starting to stop him and plus you gotta realize these players haven't played flag football in, in 25 years. Ages. That, that's why when I thought about it, I'm like, well damn, we got players, we got people that rep that represent, that represent us, that play the game of flag Football.


They actually play flag football. They actually play it. So I'm, I'm still curious. I know, I know we're talking about the NFL players and how good they are in the NFL. Yes. But playing flag football, It's so entirely different Are co completely and entirely different. Entirely different game. Damn. That's a good one. When Ashton Genty makes his NFL debut for the Las Vegas Raiders this season, he might be adding a de debuting a new pre-snap stance in the backfield. Says high school Genty has stood straight up with his hands right by his side in the backfield before the staff. My stance that some have compared to Mike Meyers, the infamous killer in Halloween horror movies.


Chip Kelly, the Raiders offensive coordinator wants me to adopt the different stance in the NFL. No Man, what are we Ocho you have to understand if you'd put Ocho, if you'd put him down on the down sta a three point stance, how was he gonna see? He already five eight. So how tall was it when he started playing football? Five point, right? Right. What'd he going see? Right? Started the first day of Raiders recent band camp. You know, sometimes you have to, you have to go with the flow. Jesse said, Kelly asked him if he had ever played basketball. I'm like, yeah, I played basketball, You know, I can dunk and all that. He like, okay, show me how you would guard. And he's acting like he's holding the ball.


You don't like, you don't like guys cha you don't like the coach changing the stance. Oh, what, what are we doing? What, what is, what is Chip Kelly doing? What are you doing? The man has had success playing the game of running back in the same stance all this time. Now all of a sudden he gets to the Raiders. You wanna change the way he stands. It has nothing to do with running the goddamn ball. Right. At all. It's not giving away any indication. No indicators leave the man alone. Man. What, what? Listen. Some coaches, some coaches get a little beside themselves. Just, just create, just create the narrative just to feel, just to, to not, not to really abuse your power.


Just, just do, just be unnecessary. Change the stance for what it's unnecessary and it's pointless. Tell me. So we both know because I, if, if there was something that, if that him standing in that stance was an indicator, it's a run, it's a pass. I said okay, he needs to switch it. But, but he doesn't change. He's just standing there. That's it. He does the same day every time. Run, play, pass, play. Nothing changes and all of a sudden he gets you. Okay, we wanna change for what makes no sense. Yeah. I wouldn't change. I I the thing is Ocho, unless it's something like you really try to change is little as possible.


I mean maybe there's some technical things you like, You know, with a wide receiver, you're like, okay son, don't let your elbows flare out when you doing the, the hook or stuff like that. You try to keep your elbows tight to your body. Right. Things like that that You know, hey, you tip of your route because you're getting your head round too. You let me know you gonna run a out you letting you gonna come back or something like that. But other than that, I ain't really trying to tinker with too much because no, I liked it enough to, to select him six overall. Yeah. So there's something that I liked. I mean, and you knew that. So, And he's been doing that way for a very long time. He was successful doing it that way for a very long time. Right. And here, You know, wanna add your little twin to it just to say, well he's, he's able to do this because this is what I told him to do.


Right. It's kinda like Michael Johnson running style. Why, why would I change that? You know, people keep saying Quincy Winston, the the Quincy Wilson, the young guy from Bulls running the 400. Yeah. Many bro. The dude run 44 20 change what? Right. Same thing with Abby Steiner. Well You know she got that army. All I know is she ran 21 8 and she ran sub, You know, she can run sub, You know she can run sub 11. So all that other stuff that y'all talking and she can run sub 50 in the 400 meters. I ain't changing the, you doing something right. Yeah. So Ocho Dak Prescott is 1500 yards away becoming the all time passing leader.


No Dak needs 1500 yards to pass. Troy Eggman, he needs 27 40 to pass 20 Romo. So he's about, he should pass Tony Romo to become the all time pass leader in cowboy Cowboys history. Until, until I know he gonna get married. Congratulations. D But if you wanna be thought of like Aman like star by Right. Gotta get that Ain't no way around. Ain't nowhere way around. Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. I mean, listen, when it comes to the Cowboys, I'm not sure how, how much window of opportunity they have left.


I think the addition of George Pickens, You know how I feel about him offensively. I think they're gonna be all right when it comes to the Cowboys, it's gonna be, it is your defense. Your defense gonna have to show up 'cause you're gonna be able to put up points. Your defense have to show up, You know, that's all it's gonna come down to. Especially in that division, You know, is Diggs, is Trayvon gonna be able to come back and how soon will he come back? They brought back Dante Fowler, the, he followed DQ over to the Raider, excuse me, the commanders, they resigned him. They wanna pair him with Micah. Obviously we know Michael wants that big deal.


Micah's looking for 40 million. You know, I think he wants to be the highest paid or close to it. I don't know if the highest paid means as much if guaranteed money means to him. Right. We'll see how that plays out. But how, how close is Trayvon from being able to go? Yes. So he, he he's, he's a year, he's a year removed from that surgery. 'cause You know, he went a little bit last year, man. I know. Yeah. So I I think obviously this, this second year, two years removed from it. I think he, I think he now he Had another surgery. Didn't he have another surgery? He didn't finish the season.


He got hurt again. I think so. Didn't Trayvon digs have surgery on something? I know Overstreet is gonna be gone this year. He ain't coming back. Yeah. Yeah, he's hurt. Well, they just shut Trayvon down. He coming back from an injury. OI think I, it's not, I I'm, I'm wondering if it something serious. I don't, I don't think it's something serious to ACL though. Debs Bryant, former great cowboy, great receiver tweeted, if the cowboys go get Chubb, combine him with blue. The Cowboys offense will be the most dangerous in the NFL. I really can't find a con if that happens.


Think about it. Blue gets to learn from a dynamic back. Who plays the game? The right wait. That's how you mow a young promising running back Dak really quick. Pick your poison situation. CDO Pickens can put the ball in the end zone anywhere on the field. There are so many strategic ways for the Cowboys offense for success. I think the defense is going to perform well, but how well we know Micah and Digs are going to perform. I'm skeptical to see how the new these changes affect the defense. To sum it up, I don't think the boys are trying to win. I think they should do make a few more sacrifices to compete with the new improved NFC East Division. Listen, make a splash Jerry make a splash.


What, what Dez Bryan says makes so much sense. It makes so much sense. You know, Jerry's not gonna do it. Signing Derrick Henry and not using money as an issue. Not being able to afford a player like Derrick Henry that has succeeded continuously despite his age in Baltimore. Listen, now you have an opportunity to do it again. Make a splash again. Help your offense out. Your identity is on offense. It's what you will be known for. You have, you have special pieces, You know, on defense they're gonna have to do what they need to do, but be all in offensively so you can compete in that N-F-C-N-F-C East, wait, no Interested in investing in Bitcoin but not sure how to get started. Well, with the Gemini credit card, you can dip your toes into Bitcoin without even trying.


Just spend like you normally do groceries, gas, or a night out and instantly earn up to 4% back in Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos straight to your account with no annual fee. The Gemini credit card is pretty much a no brainer. And right now you can grab a $200 Bitcoin intro bonus. So go to gemini.com/card to learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Go to gemini.com/card, start building your bitcoin slash now terms apply. The Gemini credit card is issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend $3,000 in your first 90 days terms apply.


Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts. This content is not investment advice and trading Crypto involves risk for more details on rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees. So we all made mistakes, right? But on it up to them, it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they change of formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and auto protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admit it, they effed up and I bring back the og Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it.


Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried, it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself. Are you shopping for a new laptop while still trying to keep up with technology and ai? Talk about feeling burnt out, but no more. lenovo.com makes it easier than ever to find the perfect pc. In fact, we'll break it down for you. Step one, shop our lineup of IPCs powered by Intel core ultra processors.


Because why deal with downloading new software? When you can buy a smarter PC that already comes with all of the AI features and tools. Step two, find the one that fits your passion. Whether you're a creative genius, a research scientist, a hardcore gamer, or a future CEO. No dream is too big. That's the power of Lenovo. With Intel inside, you can keep up with your ideas as well as any challenges you may face. Step three, add to cart and purchase. Oh, if you're a college student or a teacher, make an education account through us and get 5% off your whole order. Shop now@lenovo.com. A better future is waiting and it needs you.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report. How about this? Trey seven. Trayvon tweeted this yesterday.


My ACL rehab journey was very successful. I ended up coming back to play two months sooner than I was supposed to. Followed my journey as I give you direct insight on how I did just that. Thankful for everyone who played a role with me getting back out there. Episode one out now on YouTube. But that's live. I gotta check, I gotta check that out. I gotta, I I didn't know he we injured it. I ain't know that. Fred Warner signs a three year $63 million contract extension over 56 million guaranteed the deal ties Warner to the team through 2029. The rework deal also returns Warner to the top of the list of the highest paid off ball linebackers in the league at 21 million per season.


Remember Quan just signed that deal last year that paid him 20 million per season and bolted him to the top. Now Fred is back at the top of that list. Uc also, they just paid Brock Purdy. He got 2 65, he got 181 million guaranteed. Fred got 63 million. 56 million guaranteed. Ocho you like the moves they're making? Yeah, AB Ab absolutely. They took care of their three, their 3 cent pieces. They 3 cent, they 3 cent apiece for that team. Kiddos, obviously the quarterback, rock purdy, and then their defensive leader. Yep. And Fred Warner, who is the best middle lineback in the game.


So rightfully so. At some point, You know, despite what Quan Smith got, You know, you have to, you have to do right. You gotta, you gotta do right by Fred. You got to. So, I mean hopefully they can, they can, they can stay healthy on both sides of the ball and contend again, You know, for another championship. Joe Burrow says Trey Hendrickson deserves to get paid Amid Bengals contract talks. Having previously vouched for t Higgins to get paid by the Cincinnati Bengals. Joe Burrow is now stepping up for Trey Hendrickson amid his contract standoff with the organization speaking to reporters on Tuesday. Burrow addressed Hendrickson contract by saying he deserves to get paid based on how important he is to Cincinnati's defense.


That's gonna be tough, huh? Hey listen, I listen, I don't, I don't, I don't. Joe spit all his money. Ocho huh? Joe spit all their money. Listen Joe, Joe tr Joe trying to squeeze him now. And one thing you don't want to do is you took care of Joe offensively making sure Chase and t Higgins were taken care of both of them taking most of the money. I don't, I don't know the cap. I don't know what we have left to actually spend, but we still need to be able to, to have a team to be able to pay everyone else. All the money can't be locked up off, You know, on, on offense. Well, can we pay Tre? Think about how bad your defense was and you had Tre Hendrick who was 17 and a half sacks, 35 sacks over the last two years. So you take him out there, where you gonna get that production from? Ojo.


You take him outta there. Yeah. Hey, can you afford him? Is the problem The, the, the question is, can you pick, can you afford not to? Man Ocho, IIII don't know. I I don't know if I can afford this insurance. Can you afford to be without it? Given your history? You know, you got hypertension, you got diabetes, you got all these elements that run in your family. So the question is, what can you afford it? Can you afford not to have it? Hey, that's, that's, You know, how many games y'all lost last year?


Ocho how many games did y'all give up? 30 plus points. And you lost, you scored 35 and you lost, you scored 38 and you lose how many of those? So while you're saying can you afford it, can you afford not to have it? Listen, I I I wish I knew what the books looked like. Huh? I I understand the salary. Kanick continues to go up year in, year out. But listen, we got a $40 million receiver. We got a $30 million receiver. 55 5 million quarterback. 55 million quarterback. And what he deserves as a defensive end with two 17, season 17 and a half sacks. Yeah, I mean he, he he gotta get what upwards to what? 30 He looking for 30. The reports are they offered him 28 or from up from like 50.


I think he's supposed to make what? 15 this year he's gonna want to be in the thirties. That's tough. That's Tough. And anything else Ocho but look like you got a defense that that's stand in the offense. That's stand in the Taj Mahal And, and and, and and, and hey and your defense sleeping on some friends family's couches. Hey, I, I, I don't even know. I wouldn't even know what to do in this situation. I wouldn't even know because you got some people that say, well hell, he had 17 sack, but still his defense was bad. Can you imagine what he looked like if he didn't have those sack? Remember what he did? He singlehandedly one year that game in Pittsburgh. Now y'all remember that? Yeah. He had three say. Yeah, he was the three sacks. He did.


He did, he did. And of for Bumble the end of the game. Basically Joe Burns was not happy by the team scheduled for the upcoming season. Playing Baltimore for the fourth straight year in primetime is an ideal. Maybe we can get one of those games in Cincinnati please. The Bengals have played a night game at m and t Bank State Stadium. Each of the past three seasons, all of them have been been defeats including last year, 35, 34. Remember OCHO again, they scored 34 was a good game. Lost. That was good game. Yeah. The other week they scored 38 and they lost 41, 38. Listen, I know Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe wanted to be home.


Obviously it makes sense, but hell, when you play the goddamn Ravens, you got one home game. He said, well, let our game be the, let our game be the primetime game. Yeah. I mean, yeah, I mean that's, that's, I don't know it, it don't make me none nighttime, daytime, anytime. Yeah, but you played with a shield too. Didn't you play with a shield ocho? Oh no, I need to see. I need to see it and I need you to see my eyes. I don't wear no shield. No sir. Why? I play with a shield for one year after I fractured my orbital. I played with a shield That clear one. But it's hard a clear one because You know, for wide receiver you're not really in the downstairs. There's a tight end you down in the downstairs and that's sweat dripping on the shield. Yeah. Yeah. I don't like that.


What? You want a clear one or That I wore a clear one. Yeah, I wore, I wore a dark one in the pro bowl, but I, I don't know how guys, I don't know how receivers catch with that dark one, especially at night. Wait, who? AJ Brown wear a dark one. Yeah, I don't, I don't, I don't know how they do that. I mean, it, it's hard to getting adjusted, You know? 'cause we not, when you play a night game, you go out there that Saturday night to get your eyes adjusted, get your cleats and everything adjusted right. And that glare it, catch it just right. 'cause You know, sometimes that ball get lost up in the lights. They're like, man, how you ball? I can see that damn ball up in the lights. That's crazy.


Burl is also disappointed NFL for not giving them an international game. He says he worked really hard, he's worked really hard to grow the NFL internationally and is disappointed. They haven't had one yet, but he is doing quarterbacks correct? I think. Yeah. Are you disappointed O Joe, that you did not have a, a, a, a international game? Because they probably would've ask you to go to be an ambassador. I mean, that, that would've been cool. That would've been cool. I got my passport too. But finally, I mean, listen, their, their, their time will come. Obviously. You know what that long flight, you should be thankful you don't have to fly there during the season anyway. You should be thankful. Hey, Listen, You know, they get over there the day they get over there, the, the, the day before.


Right. Again, again, why they shouldn't Well, they should be happy. They don't have to take no 7, 8, 8, 9 hour flight. Go across that water. Yeah. They might arrived the day of. I mean that night they might, because it's not like you, it used to, because there were guys teams would go over there like that Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday play. They don't do that anymore with you. They probably get all the practice in before they even leave. Yep. Do a walkthrough. Get There, they say study and dogs say it's best to just go over there and just go play the game. Yeah. Look at that. That's, that's, that's, that's a a a s backwards, Ocho New Orleans inmate watch.


One was captured at home. The other was captured as he fell asleep at the bus stop. But what he was doing at the bus stop anyway. What's the, listen, what's the Point of I'm leaving on the next train. I don't know when I'll be back again. But what's the point of breaking outta jail if he ain't got nowhere to go? I'm gonna just stay. It's still, You know, it's some be, there's some bets out there right now for the, for the, who's The last one go get captured. Yeah. Ocho. Yeah. I, I, look, I promise you I might a call. I ain't going home because there's the girl, there's a great chance.


The first place they gonna look, they gonna go look at my brother's house. They gonna look at my sister's house. They gonna look at my house. So I'm getting the farther I'm getting, first of all, if I'm New Orleans, I'm getting the fun, the farthest away I can, the quickest I can Wait. You can't, you can't get far away unless you got money. You gotta get the money from somebody. Well, you the breakout. You done a, I'm blowing this joint. Leave me, leave me. 500. 500 what? 500. What the hell you gonna in this economy? 500. I'm getting away from New Orleans. That's where I'm going.


Trailway or Greyhound will get you away. You can get $30. I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be in Texas. I'm gonna be in New York. I'm going somewhere. But you not gonna catch me in New Orleans. Okay, well you gonna get caught somewhere else. And I'm trying five, But I, Hey, guess what? I got a chance to see something besides New Orleans. Nah, How you gonna eat 500? Hey, nah. Go get me a grand slam. Denny's got them grand slams. Don't. Oh. I hardly got all you can eat pan. All you eat pancakes. I'm trying to make me a bet on who get caught.


Who get caught last. I'm gonna get me a shave. Everybody got a homeboy. That's, Hey, I got a homeboy. That's a barber. Hey, come hook your boy. That's a barber man. Hey, where you calling me from? Start asking all these questions. Come Cut me. Cut. You know if I got a beard, I'm shaving the beard. I got a mustache. I'm saving the mustache. You, if I I, if I got Dr, I'm cutting. I'm, I'm, I'm cleaning up. Right. You don't think about that. You see, you saw Buddy got broke outta jail. First thing he do, he going ig live with his homeboy. Yeah, they caught him. They, they caught him quick. Qua G is already get caught.


It's a man. Whatever he did, he probably had it on him when they called him. The first time the bus stop on your, you gonna be out there in plain sight. Hey. But they ain't got nowhere. You ain't got nowhere to go. Especially if your family don't wanna deal with you. If you don't, that's the only reason you on the bus stop. 'cause You know you ain't got nowhere to go. And then hold on, you in jail for whatever it is, maybe murder or something like that. And then your family, they let you in. Not they could go to jail Aiding in a bed. Yeah. They told them, oh, you ain't coming in here. Better go back when you came from.


Hey, like, like on the wash, He might as well. You might as well wanna Be inside like three strikes. You remember that movie with three strikes? Uhuh don't bring that heat up in here. Hell no. Nah, but no Joe, you can't get caught playing sight. I ain't gonna be at the bus stop. I, oh Joe, I Think you can make it. I Think you can make it ojo. I Think you can make it a month or two. Listen, it's one thing for you to say it and it, it sound easy when you, when you got, when you plant it out in your head because you're not really in that situation. True. Your family ain't turning it back on you. You right about that ojo. You ain't, you ain't got no money. You, you Right about that ojo. You right about that.


Yeah. It is easy to say. Oh man, it okay, What you'll do. Yeah. All right. Yeah, that's right. Might be right Ocho, I might as well go ahead and take me three hearts of the car and just shut it on down. Hey, matter fact, Hey o, break it out. Y'all go ahead man. I ocho Hey, I'm bumping the floor. Hey, I see when you get, I see y'all where y'all get back. Yeah. No, but I ain know they go court the trouble. I see. Yeah. I'm still Trying to think about where you Think you going to find at all. Just 'cause you broke outta jail. That's a little something. Mo yo Ain't, that ain't nothing Ocho that I can give a good old all you can eat pancakes.


I can eat about coke, about 15, 16 pancakes. Sometimes you just want afr a some fresh pancakes and sausage fresh orange juice Ain't Gonna work. Or give me, give some good old oxtail, smother fried pork chops. Something. Well if you in New Orleans, if you could eat seafood, gumbo, jumbo eye and two fat Crawfish. Okay. A little beiger for dessert. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Gotta go buy car, do more. Yeah, you definitely, lemme get, lemme get three with, with powder of sugar. Let get two with powder of sugar and three without Hell no.


Ab be a but that's the thing. Well Joe, you ain't thinking about it? No. Oh, Joe not? No. Oh. She from a 27-year-old Jeffersonville, Georgia. I know what Jefferson is. Tiffany Slayton was found alive after reportedly surviving three weeks alone, injured in the California mountains with no equipment, no food enduring 13 brutal snow storms and a climbing 11,000 feet. Tiffany was found safe in a cabin near Lake Edison in the sun. Sierra Nevadas mountains in California. After being missing for weeks, she came across the bl cabin during a blizzard and said she thought she was hallucinating that she had made it to the North Pole.


Hey, hold on. This, this our people. Yeah. One us. Yeah. At that loss. Loss. Well, normally we know, You know, stuff like that. When you hear stories like this, it is definitely because we don't put ourselves in those situations. Nah, nah, no, no. We not, we not really outdoorsy like that. Nah, nah, nah. Not really. And if we are we real careful, You Know, people ask me all the time, man, you, you go camping. No, I grew up in a ca I grew up in a log cabin. It was worse than long cabin. I grew up in the woods. Yo, how long you Think you could survive? Survive What? Out there in the wilderness by yourself?


Shoot, man, I'm trying to think. You know, I climbed Mount Everest, right? So when I think about when I climbed Mount Everest, Ain't no food in Mount Everest, at least out there in the wilderness. You might run across some game if you can hit it and kill it. Maybe a rabbit or a squirrel, some Foul catch with Can you with my hands? You don't like to fish. You ain't got no patience. But when you get hungry, I could, Huh? I could spear fish. Where you get the spear from? I'm gonna make it. I'm gonna make what you mean where I'm gonna get it from? I'm gonna make it, I was a Cub scout, I was a lead cub scout back in 83. You heard me? This man talk about all the things he going to do and he ain't got nothing. No unc I'm saying that's What you don't know what berries to eat and not to eat.


You eat the blue ones, the red ones, the the red ones not good for you if fuck your digestive system. Unc. I was a Cub scout. I used to camp man did this movie Into the Wild, I think it was the guy that, he is from Georgia, Emory. And he went to Alaska and You know, he ended up eating wild and started, he, he ended up dying. I Think you that's the name of the movie. Yeah. You remember that movie? And You know why, You know why he died? Can I tell you why he died? He, for one, he didn't have survival skills. Two, he wasn't a fucking cover. Do you think this woman has survival skills? You asked me a hypothetical, when You don't have survival skills, You've Been living in an ivory tower the last 15, 20 years of your life.


I'm talking about before the, I, before I got to Ivory Tower, I was a scout. You ain't Scout, you ain't been in no woods Y Army. How you Think you can't be a Cub Scout without the woods uncle? What is you talking about? Hold On. I was in the woods. Hey, matter of fact, You know where they feel the Bled Witch project? Yeah. You ever saw that movie? Yeah, that's where I was at. That's where my Cub Scout team was at. I don't know, we had to deal. I know. Listen, we had to deal with coyotes, bears, raccoons, all that. I was out there for like a month with the Cub Scout team. It was the team. Us. I was, I was a Cub Scout leader with the team of 25, 25 us.


If you by yourself, it ain't 25 of y'all. Listen, it's you by yourself. Listen now listening based on what I learned as a Cub scout, I can survive on my own. I guarantee you done forgot everything. You don't learn. Nah, absolutely not. They, they, they can you survive on survival, the show, you Think you do that. But see, survival is about teaming up. It's about getting with the right people. It's about pairing. See, I'm looking at a situation survivor. I starve your ass off the island. I catch fish, clean fish, eat fish myself. Right. I kill animal, clean animal, cook animal for myself. I ain't trying to party with you. Oh, such and such. Talking about you and start. Nah, if I got an issue, the one thing I do, if I got an issue with somebody, I don't recruit somebody else to have an issue with say a person that's me and your issue is me and your issue.


So that's how I look at it. So it's, it's survivors like really team oriented. Right, right, right. It's kinda like Big Brother, You know, big Brother is not, it's all about, You know, linking up with the right people and hoping they don't backs stab you. Yeah. You know, I can start your ass off the island. Yeah. I I could survive on my own. Could you survive on your own? Yeah, I could. Why? You Think you could survive on your own? Because the way you grew up. Yes. My point. Exactly. That's not how you grew up being a Cub Scout growing up. You, you was a Cub Scout a couple of weeks out of the year. I grew up in, in my environment for 20 years.


Every day of my life. I'm a survivor. I'm, I'm, I'm at this. Okay. I'm telling you, you listen to the Destiny Child Song Survival. That's the only thing you survived. Interested in investing in Bitcoin but not sure how to get started. Well, with a Gemini credit card, you can dip your toes into Bitcoin without even trying. Just spend like you normally do groceries, gas, or a night out and instantly earn up to 4% back in Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos straight to your account with no annual fee. The Gemini credit card is pretty much a no brainer. And right now you can grab a $200 Bitcoin intro bonus.


So go to gemini.com/card to learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Go to gemini.com/card. Start building your Bitcoin st. Now terms apply. The Gemini credit card is issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025. And spend $3,000 in your first 90 days terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts. This content is not investment advice and trading crypto involves risk for more details on rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees. Hey, so we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know what degree?


Cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degrees. Hold thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they fd up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed.


So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself. Are you shopping for a new laptop while still trying to keep up with technology and ai? Talk about feeling burnt out, but no more. lenovo.com makes it easier than ever to find the perfect pc. In fact, we'll break it down for you. Step one, shop our lineup of IPCs powered by Intel core ultra processors. Because why deal with downloading new software? When you can buy a smarter PC that already comes with all of the AI features and tools. Step two, find the one that fits your passion.


Whether you're a creative genius, a research scientist, a hardcore gamer, or a future CEO. No dream is too big. That's the power of Lenovo. With Intel inside, you can keep up with your ideas as well as any challenges you may face. Step three, add to cart and purchase. Oh, if you're a college student or a teacher, make an education account through us and get 5% off your whole order. Shop now@lenovo.com. A better future is waiting and it needs you. Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted?


If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February 20, 24 Nissen report. I feel I I, me personally, I feel very comfortable that if I had to, I could survive. Wait, listen, I can hunt. I can dig baits. I know, I know I, yeah. Yes I could, but you not the only one do that.


I, I been, I did that too. Okay. You know what I tell you what, what we should do is that we should get a YouTube. You go somewhere. I go somewhere and we see who survived. Oh, I'm definitely gonna survive. That's eating. See, because your stuff, your, your an your ankle gonna be hurting, your knees gonna be hurting, your hips gonna be hurting. I Have a all that be hurting, but I have a belly fool. Your stuff healthy and you starving. You Think you scared out? Your ass be looking like skeletal. We get Back. How, how you start a fire. How do you start a fire? I can, I can start a fire. How you gonna start a fire? Are we gonna do it with a flint?


No rocks, go ahead. But I'm saying you can have a plan. So lemme ask you a question. So what are we take? How you gonna, first of all, here's the thing. First of all, you can from, if You know you are going and you're gonna be going to the wilderness, you're gonna take certain things. No, no, no, no. That we not talking about that. We not talking about that. What? We're putting you out there with nothing and you have to survive on your own. Ocho that's not how it works. So you think so you think people that just go in into wilderness, they just like, You know, okay, we just going, we going on the beach. Well, I'm not gonna take flip flops when I'm doing, and I know I'm not, I'm not taking a overcoat If I'm going to the beach while the same token, I'm not wearing flip flops in short as I'm knowing I'm going to the wilderness.


So you take, you, you take things accordingly And see if you're taking things accordingly, there's a, there's a good chance you're gonna survive because you are already prepared. That's how most people do. They find the, like you don't go to the, you think people that go water, they don't have, they take water. Ocho you, Hey, what happened when you run outta water? Well, I'm, I'm A ball Water. Bring it to a boil. Huh? You, you gonna, how you gonna, how you gonna boil the water? What you mean? How so now you gonna have a stove? What you call it? What you call it? Mini, the mini thing You pack, You know what I'm trying to say? The boil water, the boil the water. The, the portable, the portable thing.


Man. Ocho, first of all, you take necessities, you don't take anything. I mean, like I said, you, you take only what you, what you, because at the end of the day, ocho it, it's gonna get heavy. Nah, nah, nah, nah. I'm good. I'm good. I actually, I be, I can too. I promise. I Promise I know I can. But we go in different places. No, You know how though you can't survive in a while by yourself. You ain't got no goddamn patience. You ain't got no patience. How you gonna survive? Why, why about it? Here's the thing. See why you got patience? You gonna get Waiting for something to happen. I'm gonna make something happen. I'm gonna make something happen too. Okay? Okay.


I got, I got. Alright ocho, we gonna get out here on this one. This last, last save of the day is time for q and a. So Nina said Ocho, where are you? Are you at a strip club? Yes. Am I who? No, I'm at work. I'm at work. No, this, hey, this is not a strip club. And for everybody in the chat, it's not a strip club. This is area 29 and it's called adult ballet. There's a difference. Yeah. This ain't this. It's The same thing. Instead of saying a drug dealer, you a street pharmacist, we get the idea. No, no, no, no. This is, this is luxury. This ain't just, this ain't for the faint of heart.


Now this is matter of fact. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Well, who, who just asked that question? Nina? One of y'all. Y'all come here, come here real quick. Please, please, please, please tell Nina this is a adult ballet. Hold on. Hold on. Ballet. Hello ladies. Oh Lord at Mercy. How you doing ladies? Hey, how you doing? Welcome. Welcome to night. How you ladies doing tonight? We doing good? How is business? Is business booming tonight? You Okay? Lemme ask you a question.


How is the food in area 21? The food Good. So yes. Good. So if the team were to come, what do you recommend? Wings. Hibachi. Rice. Salmon. What? What, what do you recommend? Wings, hibachi, rice. The pasta, salmon and rice rides the summit. The north. You don't, if you don't mind me asking, the Chad wants to know start left or right names please. Luxury, Virgo, Charlotte. Charlotte. C oh oh, okay. Okay.


Are you, are you guys natives of Houston or you moved? I'm from Memphis, Tennessee. I moved here, Tennessee. Okay. Where are you from in the middle? I'm from you from where are you Dominican? I'm Dominican Columbia. Oh, okay, okay. Columbia, Dominican and, and, and Tennesseean. Okay, well thank you for hopping on with us ladies. Say hello to Nightcap. All right. Chat. Say hello to these love and ladies. Area 21. And if you're ever in Houston, make sure you start by area 21. Daddy. Oh, What is area 29? Damn, my bad. I got 21. I can't see Area 29.


Well thank you ladies. Yeah, it make, hey, make sure you subscribe the Nightcap. Thank you. Bye. Right. Yeah. Hey, Yeah, They say, they say the wings, the hibachi or hibachi or sriracha rice. Right? I think somebody said something about pasta. I don't know about pasta in a, in a, in a, Yeah, they, but hey listen, we got everything up here. You know I got, You know I got the head security job up here two days ago. Yeah. So whenever you want come by. Whenever you wanna come by. No, I'm good. I mean we'll take care of you. Pull out the carpet.


I, I think I better lay low. Nah, nah, I, hey I don't do that. Don't do that. You can't see me going laying low. Gregory Gogan said O-K-C-A-B-C-F-C-C. Thunder in five. That ain't happening. Quentin said Minnesota cream soda, baking soda OKC and six. Absolutely. Devon Jet said play timber wolves might be the ugliest team in NBA playoff history. I mean you talking about the way they play or we talking about little of them the ugly About the way they play.


About the way they play. Yes. I don't know. Trash talk. Tito said unc Ocho question what one old school rule or mindset that needs to come back. Respect And, and what though? Sports, I Guess you talking about sports But mo most of the time players do respect each other. There there's, there's only been a few chords. You can count 'em damn near on one hand. Players don't respect authority. Ocho Oh you said authority. I thought you meant each other. That's why you have, that's why you have turnover so much like you have in the NBA and in the NFL. Oh, Okay. I see what you're saying. I see what you're saying. Oh, cardio. Hey Uncle Ocho.


What player didn't live up to the height but still had a solid career and damn what sport? That's, that's a good question. And most of the time the ones that didn't, that didn't, that didn't live up to the height. It came from injury on injury. A lot of players that were hyped up, You know, coming outta college. I'm trying to think who anybody you name, I guarantee you injury derailed that career. I'm trying to, I'm trying to think of a football player that had hype.


When I think of a solid career, Ocho I'm saying you played 5, 6, 7 years. I ain't say, You know, you delivered to the height and you played one or two years and you were gone. I'm trying to think. Damn man. All Cardi. That's a good question. I can't think off the top of my head. Yeah, Reggie Bush. Reggie, Reggie had a good, he had a good seat, a good career Though. That's what I'm saying. But we thought Reggie was gonna be Barry Sanders considering what he was, think about what he was at USC. Oh what he wast in college. Oh yeah, my, yeah he Had, he had a very solid career.


Won a sumo, played outstanding with to the Rams, excuse not Rams, the Dolphins. Detroit, I Think you had a thousand yard season with Detroit. Yeah. Yeah. I like that. I like Reggie Bush. I like that. I like that one. No chill. Will Uncle Ocho, you guys are late night legends. Question for you. What player did you hate until he played on your team? Damn, I ain't hate nobody. Boy, that's a, that's a good question. I ain't really, I ain't hate nobody though. Yeah, I didn't, the the, like I'm trying to think who played on my team. The only guy, but I never really did play against Romo. Romo was at the 49 ERs. We didn't play him, we played against him once when he was at Philly.


But being around him, Romo, bill, Romanowski, Romo, oh yeah, that, that original Romo. But being around him and seeing how hard he worked and, and then seeing that how he prepared for his craft, you have an appreciation. I'm trying to think, the guy that I had to probably we had the most fun with was probably Seth Joiner. Seth played at, he played at Philly, had his best years were at Philly. He played a couple years at Green Bay. Yeah. And then he joined us. Man, he was great. I man, I love, I love Seth. Seth was unbelievable.


Sergey said my guy. What's the, what is your biggest what if moment in the NFL Mind? If, what if Russell had never threw that ball on the gold line against the Super Bowl. In the Super Bowl against the Patriots? Yep. Oh, What if, what if Carson Palmer never got hurt in that 2005 playoff game against the Pittsburgh Steelers. Instead of losing 35, y'all probably lose 35 17. Boy we we winning that game. What if Jackie Smith had caught that touchdown pass from Roger Sta back against the steel, against the Steelers that year? Let's go recently.


What? What if the Baltimore Raven, There was no no Tuck. What if there was no Tuck rule? That might have been the biggie because that started the, the greatest dining in NL history. Yep, sure did. What if Drew Bless doesn't get hurt? O Ooh that's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. Snacks at halftime. Hey Uncle Ocho, I got something different. Headline feature. Skip Nas. Okay, skip Nas Kendra Lamar Andre 3000.


Oh yo. So it said for headline, for feature Skip Damn. Wait, who is it again? 3000 nos Kendrick Lamar. Ooh. Ooh. Wait and that's tough boy. Hey, I'm gonna let you answer that one huh? For me. I'm gonna go three stacks the headline. I'm gonna Say it, I'm gonna go nos for the feature Then you gonna skip Kevin Ain't got no choice.


Three stacks from the crib and Nas. Man, come on now. Yeah, Yeah, you right. I mad. Come on bro. Nah, I ain't, I ain't Nas hey three stacks and Nas ain't going nowhere and I love Hey Kendrick's on Black. Hey, I love Kendrick with Imagine Dragon love his stuff. Hey. Nope. Who you got? I got one. What if I never tried to, what if I never tried to blindside Ray Lewis? I just saw that in the chat. That's a good one.


What if you'd have been my teammate? I would have, I would have three rings. Would've Top five receiver all time too. Yeah, I'm top five right now. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. Thank you guys for joining us. The Oklahoma City Thunder. Take a one oh lead over the Minnesota Timber Wolves in the Western Conference Finals thanks to a 1 14 88 victory over the timber wolves. Shea Gils 31 points. Jalen Williams had 19, Hartenstein had 12, Chet had 15 as they roll one 14 to 88 over the Minnesota Timber Wolves.


Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I am your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own bingo Ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler. Hey, he gonna get that work in. That's one thing about ocho. He gonna get his work in no matter where he has to be, he gonna do the work. Special shout out to Nick Van Exel for joining us tonight. The all started 13 year NBA player Breaking on this game tonight. Nick, appreciate that continued success and like I said, when you get a few moments, stop back by with us. Please make sure you hit the subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. I wanna thank you personally for supporting Nightcap OCHO and I and everybody included at Nightcap realize that it's because of you that we're able to do what we do and you've shown your loyalty and your devotion for the first two years and we greatly, greatly appreciate that support and hopefully that'll continue.


Please make sure you check out Shade by La Porter. We do have it in stock and if you can't find it, any city or a state near you ordered online, we'll ship ship it directly to your door. It is the best tasting VSOP premium cognac on the market. Try it. You will not be disappointed. Please Drake responsible and stay safe. Follow my media company page on all of this platforms. That's Sheha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out, out. The link is pending in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last again, the Thunder one oh lead in the Western Conference finals thanks to a 26 point victory over the Minnesota Timberwood one 14 to 88.


I'm unc, he's OCHO. Will see you tomorrow after the Knicks take on the Indiana Pacers beat the Pacers, The volume. Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og.


Cool rush for yourself. We finally switched to T-Mobile because with them we can be connected here and there. Dad, the cousins in Mexico have a surprise for you And enjoy the gift of staying connected. Switch and start saving today. Get four Samsung Galaxy S 25 phones with Galaxy AI on us and four lines for just 25 bucks per line. Plus nonstop talk texts and data between us and Mexico. Visit a store T-Mobile dot com or call one 800 T-Mobile one 800 T-Mobile. See details at T-Mobile dot com. Wanna feel more creative but don't have the right laptop? lenovo.com can help look through our legendary lineup of AI powered PCs and devices and find the one that fits your passion.


Our PCs powered by Intel core ultra processors, as well as cutting edge AI tools allow students to focus, learn, and create with ease. That's the power of Lenovo. With Intel Inside plus college students and teachers can get 5% off their order. Shop now on lenovo.com. The future's waiting and it needs you. Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. This brings stock up on all your personal care favorites and earn four times points. Now through June 17th, shop in store online for deals on all your favorite personal care items like Pantene shampoo, native Body Spray, deodorant, secret Body spray. Venus Razors always pads, head and shoulder shampoo and native deodorant and earn four times points.


Then use those points for discounts on groceries or fuel. You don't wanna miss. These deals offer ends June 17th. Promotions may vary. Restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details. You're Listening to an iHeart podcast.