
What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com


Now streaming on Prime Video. You can call me Detective Alex Cross, based on characters created by James Patterson. We have to Catch this serial killer. I Don't kill for foot and created by Ben Watkins. Ms. K thinks He's the smartest guy in the room. Aldi Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If We don't find him soon, we may never have another chance. Clock's ticking. You think you can stop him? I know I can't because I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime. Video. Watch now.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit s hsu.edu today to get started.


Hi, it's the herd. I'm partnering with PayPal. Turn Black Friday into Stack Friday in the PayPal app. Find tons of cashback offers To stack on top of Black Friday deals from your favorite brands. All you gotta do is check out with PayPal online. Now that's a stack. Don't just pay PayPal. Check offers in the app for details. Cash back earned as points redeemable for cash and other options, terms and exclusions apply.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is underway and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. There are some massive game coming up, including Byron versus PSG on Tuesday, November 26th, followed by what is likely to be the biggest matchup of this stage. Liverpool versus Real Madrid on Wednesday, November 27th. Stream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the Uafa Champions League. You can try it free today@paramountplus.com slash live sports


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


As a Former NFL player, I know a thing or two about high performance and that's why I drive the BMW seven series. This car has everything I need. It's big enough, comfortable enough, and luxurious enough to meet even my high expectations. When I'm behind the wheel of the BMW, I'm not just driving a car, I'm driving legacy. What I love most is a precision engineer, cutting edge technology and unmatched style where it's spacious interior, the powerful engine or the smooth ride. BMW makes sure every detail is on point. I trust BMW to deliver the ultimate driving experience and I know you will too. So why wait. Head over to bmw usa.com. Check out models like the sporty X three, the All electric I four. Build your dream car today and join me in experiencing luxury and performance that only the ultimate driving machine can offer.


Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharp. He is your favorite. 85 Liberty City's own Cincinnati Bingo ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson, thank you again for joining us. As you watch the Cleveland Browns take down the Pittsburgh Steelers at home 24 to 19. Yes, you heard that right. The Browns have now beaten the Steelers and the Ravens this season 24 19. Jamis Winston played extremely, extremely well. Thank you. Please make sure you subscribe to the Nightcap Podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And do us a favor while you at it.


Go ahead, hit that subscribe button. Hit that like button. Thank you guys for helping us become the success and the phenomenon that we've become is because of you. We are who we are. And without you, we cannot be what we are. So again, thank you very much. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We do have it in stock, realizing the holidays were right around the corner. You have Thanksgiving, you have Christmas, and you have New Year's Eve. What better way to have a festive holiday season than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter? And one more thing, please make sure you drink responsibly. Go check out my media company page on all of its platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84, our which is 84, spelled out.


I knew its released. I was held when I was. Well, I'll lie for you before I lie to you. Nightcap Hoodies in Black and stay with me now. Hoodies also in black, and of course our bestseller, the unc and ocho ts. And we did you a solid, we came out with the UNC and OCHO ts in black. So thank you very much. We dropped those last week. Quantities are limited, so please make sure you grab yours while supplies last ocho, as I mentioned it earlier, the brown stunned the bills in the snow 24 19. They gave up on point lead in the fourth quarter quarter. He said the bills, excuse me, the stealers, the Steelers. Steelers, the Browns take down the Steelers. 24 to 19 Jamas Winston, they gave up a 12 point lead, but Jamas Winston led off a game winning drive capped off by two yard touchdown by Nick Chubb as the Browns win their first game.


Since week eight, Nick Chubb rushed for 59 yards and two touchdowns. Jerry Judy had an outstanding game in the snow. Six catch on six targets, 85 yards as Cleveland improves to three and eight and the Steelers fall to eight and three. The Ravens, y'all better send the Browns even though they beat y'all, they kept y'all attached to the Steelers. 'cause now maybe that game, when you guys play in a couple of weeks will actually mean something for the division. But Ocho, the Browns really not having a whole lot to play for. No, but they played their tails off and they take down the Steelers who had an outstanding game last week as they took down the Ravens up on field, what, 18 to 16 I think with the final score.


And now they give up 24 points to the Browns on the road at home. Steelers are on the road, Browns are at home and they lose 24 19. Yeah. Ocho, what did you like about what you saw this game from The Browns? I mean, listen from the Browns. I like that I saw James Winson be able to play with some consistency. For one. I want to, I'm gonna shoot, I wanna shout out to my dog Jerry Judy, but I appreciate you, but you look, you look good tonight. You look very, very, very good tonight. Oh, to be honest with you, the first three quarters of this game, it was a snooze fest. It was a snooze fest. The goddamn browns were oh, for sixth going into the goddamn fourth quarter on third down. Yep. It, it was boring. I think if it wasn't for the weather conditions, I think the steels gonna won the game.


But I'm not, I'm not taking anything away from the Browns. But for some reason there have been multiple games this year. There've been multiple games this year where the first three quarters of the game is extremely boring and it's not watchable. It's almost a snoozefest. And to be honest with you, there was a point in the game tonight, why even fell asleep? My eyes closed for a little bit. That's how boring the game was for some reason. And I know the exact time when it got to the fourth quarter and about seven minutes and 35 seconds on the clock, all of a sudden the goddamn game is like the shootout scene from the movie Heat. It was like out scene for the movie Heat. I'm like, what the hell is going on the game? Got very exciting. Boom. The Browns are winning. All of a sudden, Russell Wilson, Pickens Pickens has a big catch.


They'll go, they go down there and score and then the goddamn brown turn around, go down and do the exact same thing and it come down to the wire. And obviously Russ on the ha Mary pass, they couldn't complete it. And he took A shot too. Hicks. Yeah. Any, anytime. That was Hicks that hit it. Boy he got that delayed bliss that came. Yeah. Oh yeah. Listen, the funny thing about it is, is despite whatever the team's record are, whatever the team's records are and the A FC North, anytime they play a division game it for some reason, it always goes like this. It's always close. It always comes down to the last minute. It's rarely, very rarely is it ever a blowout regardless of how bad the teams are playing or how good the opposing team is playing.


I think the thing is old you talking about the games, well, well the snoozefest, but you gotta realize this team, both of these teams just played Sunday and you're turning around again and you're playing Thursday. So now you, you taking basically two and a half days of rest from them. You know, you be, Hey if, unless you, unless you are a rookie or a second year player, man, your body hate your hell. You don't feel good until Wednesday, Thursday. And you gotta go play a game. Not practice as a who. Not practice A game. A game. And so, look, miles Garrett took that personal, what TJ Watt said about he did, he didn't think he deserved, he had three first half sacks, Three Sack. But I thought, but I thought they did a great job of getting after Russ. They did a great job of pressuring Russ.


They sacked him four times, three of those by Miles. Garrett. Yeah. Did a great job jumping off the rock. Even a couple of times they tried to chip him and that wasn't enough. Because a guy that size that can bend the edge is unbelievable. He's unbelievable quick. He's powerful. He can bend, he can bull rush you, he can swim you, he can rip you wax on, wax off. I mean he, he's the pro. If you say, man, I want a defensive man, you want him to look like Miles Garrett. Because not only does he look like Tarzan, he plays like Tarzan because we've seen a lot of guys, they be built, Hey, they, they, they look the par, but they don't play. He Play Hercules play like Jane.


So he looks the part he's he's ever bit what they thought when they took him number one overall, yeah, he's been defensive player of the year. Obviously TJ Watt was also in that draft, that 2017 draft in which he went 30th overall. And he has a few more sacks. But both guys have been defensive players of the year. Both guys have lived up to what everybody thought they would be. I don't think people thought TJ would be that good because they did. They wouldn't have took him at 30th that it took his ass a lot sooner. But he's been unbelievable in what he's been able to do. The only guy in NFL history to lead the league in Sacks in three different years, there's an outside chance he can do it again. 'cause you know, he could go on a stretch where he get two or three sacks and he could do that for like three or four games.


And the next thing you know, he go from like fifth or sixth in sax all the way to the lead. So he's that good. You know, when I watch the Steelers, I think sometimes Ocho they play down to that competition. You watch them when they, you watch them when they play against the Ravens. Yeah. When you watch them, they play a team that they think you kick their ass. They come ready to play. But you, you, you know, you know what I think, I think Arthur Smith, I think Arthur Smith is, is playing a safe game. He's playing a safe game and not putting Russell Wilson in harm in harm's way, allowing Najay Harris to kinda, and Jay Warren Yeah. To facilitate the way the offense goes. And then Arthur Smith is choosing when to use Russell Wilson to his strengths, you know, taking the ball outta his hands, not really allowing him to put the ball in harm's way.


And I think that's one of the reasons for the success. He's here with this only being at third loss, huh? Right. It's only being at third loss with the gamble that Mike Tomlin took and replacing Russell Wilson with, with goddamn Justin Fields. Everything is paid, everything is paid off as paid dividends up until tonight's game. Yeah. You mean placing Justin Fields with Russell Wilson? I'm sorry, what did I Say? You said it backwards. You said Wilson with Fields. Oh my bad. I know, but look, I know what you meant. You, you meant to say he was Russell Wilson came in in place of Justin Fields. Oh boy. Yeah, but it, it, look, it's what you think It's an a c it's an a FC North game. Like you said, these teams have gone at it for a long time.


The new Browns, the old Browns are in Baltimore right now, which, and they happen to be known the Ravens, but there's really no love loss between these teams. If you go back and look at their, in the eighties with the cardiac kids with Brian site and Ozzie Newsom, who's that? Dave Logan. And then you had Kevin Mack and Ernest Byner. You know, you had some matchups, you had some really great matchups. You had the Hanford Dixon and Frank Minifield. You had Alba look, this, I remember the robbery and it was, it was heated, you would think kind of started when Turkey Jones slammed Terry Bra on his neck and almost broke his neck. Turkey. Who? Turkey Jones.


Go back and look it up. Back then you could Snoop Lex a player. I mean, you could literally pick him up like they do in WWE or Worldwide Wrestling Federation. And, but Turkey Jones almost broke Head Bradshaw's neck. And it kind of started from, from that moment on, it became a very intense rivalry. But the Steelers, you know, obviously the Steelers been the king of that division for a long time. It used to be the a FC Central back then it wasn't the North. And then the Ball, the Ravens come in and for the, you know, the Steelers have gone to Super Bowls, even though they've lost, the Ravens have gone to what, three, two Super Bowls. They won, you know, won both of those. The Browns or the Browns. They were one of the only teams that haven't been, I think the Browns, the Jags.


Who else that haven't been to a Super Bowl? The Lions. Right? The Texans. Oh, hey listen, there's a good chance the Lion gonna change that. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But, but look, give, give look. I I, I don't wanna take anything away from the Browns because I thought they played really well last night. I to last night tonight. They did a great job of getting after Russell Wilson. Yeah. For the most part. They didn't give up a whole lot of yards running the football. And look, I can live with 11, carries for 45 yards, 16 carries for 41 yards. Justin Fields had a a, a longer of 30 where he came in and kind of caught, caught him off guard. But for the most part, Ocho they did a great job of balling the Steelers offense up. And Jam was very good with the ball. He had one that got away, excuse me, one throw that got away from him.


But other than that, I, I thought he did a really good job of, of, of orchestrating this offense and, and moving them up and down the field. Yeah. They got a Tillman. I don't Tillman, come on bro. Go down. Don't try to be no hero. Try to split two defenders ball. Boom, helmet right on the ball popped out. Who knows that by the, because they had gotten the rhythm at that point in time. O Joe Cleveland had had a rhythm. Yeah. And I think they formula the ball to like the 20 yard line. So you might have gotten points outta that. You just gotta be smart in situations like that. Ocho Yeah. Hendrick Hicks, power Slam Road. Now, you know, you can't do that. You know, you can't drive the quarterback in the ground. Ocho everybody knows that. You can, you can barely, you better put your arms out like this.


I ain't got my body weight on him. But if you pick him up, Oh Yeah. You get the, you Get the flag flag coming out right away. You, you got, you got to know that though. Yeah. You got to know that. Especially with this time and era and, and, and the NFL and the league policy wanting to protect the quarterback as much. I mean, you, you, you know, you can, but it also makes it difficult for defenders of that size as well. Yeah. It also makes it difficult for big guys to be able to control, control their momentum. Especially when it comes to second the quarterback when you trying to get there as fast as possible. Yeah. But you see what he did on the last field of the game. He just hit him. He didn't wrap him up. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey and Delphi and just Him just stood him up. Just stood him up. Ocho why you smash the man mouthpiece.


So what you think they was gonna call you right there? The back judge sitting right there. Ocho you know, you can't do that. There's a back judge and a side judge looking right at you because you the only two the guys out there. So back judge is standing right there. He looking at you just like this here and watch you smash the man by a piece and throw it on the ground. Right. Come on, bro. And, and sometimes people wonder why, why teams lose. Sometimes it's not talent. Sometimes players do dumb things that put them in harm's way and At the wrong time. Yes, the Wrong time. But kudos, kudos, kudos to the brows. They win the ball game. They move to three and 8 24 19 win over the Steelers.


Who fought eight and three miles. Garrett and TJ Watt did a little talking this week in February, got Garrett took home. His first defensive player of the year award posted nothing. I'm used to on social media. Watt posted nothing. I'm used to, I'm not used to on social media. Garrett told reporters this week. No, he didn't say nothing to me. He got to apologize to me when I see him. I've never complained about the trophy not being at my house and vice versa. He shouldn't be feeling two ways about it going to me. So I'm just gonna go play the game. I don't play against tj. He doesn't play against me. I like that. A nice healthy, nice nice healthy verbal quarrel between two elite players at, at their position.


I mean, he's probably not gonna apologize. I, that's, that's not gonna happen. I Wanna think, I believe I should have won the award. I ain't apologizing for feeling I should have won the award. Hell no. Yeah. I I think probably some words might have been exchanged after the game. But the One thing, I wanna, I know, I know we're, we're talking about Miles Garrett and god damn TJ Wat. But I'm curious, I want to hear the quotes after this win in the comments from Jam Winston. That's what I wanna hear. I wanna hear what? Oh, oh, you wanna hear what he, Oh listen, ain't no telling what he said. Ain't no telling what he said. Especially after a win like this. Right. In those conditions, man ain't, man, listen, it, it's, it's gonna be so many quotables probably gonna be rap lyrics, some shit, some shit from Shakespeare.


It's gonna be something good. I can't wait to hear it. I think the thing is, is that, look, if you play this game long enough, tj, you gonna get robbed. You go to something. There be, everybody has been robbed. Somebody didn't get an opportunity to go to the Pro Bowl that feel that they should have gone to the Pro Bowl. Somebody felt they should have been an all pro. They didn't get to go. Somebody feels they should have won an MVP, an offensive player of the year or, or defensive player of the year, or rookie of the year or something. If you play this game long enough and you are a good player. And I know TJ was thinking like, bro, bro, I led the league in Sacks by, by why? By Wave. Look at our defense. Yeah, we were good. It wasn't like, you know, I understand. I think Cleveland was number one in past defense. They had a very top defense also.


But yeah, TJ was like, bro, I led the league in Sacks. It wasn't like we were a bottom feeder defense. Like team was just going up and down the field on us. So, hold on. What's that? He fell a couple years ago when, I think when Aaron, Donald won his third. Yeah. He and his brother had something to say. Thank, that's the defensive player of the year. Should have gone to tj. And I get it. Hey, I'm gonna ride. If I'm, if I'm jj I'm gonna ride with my brother too. JJ has three awards. TJ has won. TJ feels that he should have more of those awards. Yeah. But unfortunately, bro, you don't get to vote for yourself. But if you, if you, if you play long enough, 'cause there are times that I know I should have been to the Pro Bowl. Right? There ain't no question In my damn mind, my team won more games.


I had more catches, more yards, more touchdowns, and they put somebody else in there. Yeah. It happens after the game. Miles Garrett had a message to TJ Watt. I'm number one, I'm one, I'm home. I'm the defensive player of the year. Wait for real. I'm number one. I'm one. I'm home. I'm the defensive player of the year run. Tell that. I like that. I like that. There's nothing, Hey, listen, there's nothing wrong with a little healthy, what's the word I'm looking for? Competition. Nothing, nothing wrong with a little healthy competition.


But It's hard OCHO because they don't play against Each other in a long time. It's kinda like you, I mean, you not playing against me. I need to, I need you to talk back. I need you to talk that like against Trent or like you going against the dbs. But, But we haven't seen nothing like this though. Two players No listen. That don't, that that don't really see eye to eye on who the better player is based on rewards that they're given. Yeah. For the, the best. I I like it. It's different because I have, I listen, when I played, I haven't seen anything like it. Yeah. Me. This is healthy. I wanna see how how they finish the season off. Hey, this is great. This is great to me. I'm, I just had a simple rule for our guys. Don't y'all let no tight end.


Come in here and show me up And water Romo, mow job y job mow. But don't y'all let no tight come here and show me up. Right, right, right. Zo, 'cause Gates, gates was, I think he was on the practice squad my first year, so I didn't get a chance to play with Gates my last year. He was on the roster, but I don't think he played much. But, you know, we played, you know, we played all these other tight ends. We played who? We played Jay Novacek, we played Brent Jones and we played Ben Co. And we played all, don't y'all. Hey Gonzo, don't y'all let them guys show me up. Right. That's on you. Y'all practice against me all the time. If y'all, Hey, hey, y'all be doing all that, holding all that stuff and begin me knock pass down against him too.


Hey, I done gave y'all that great work. Now I done gave y'all that great work during the week. Don't come up here now that man go for 10, four buck 22 touchdowns. Right. And lose the game. And here I am on the, on the field looking crazy because I remember that when I hit them boys up for two 14. You know, Gonzo was on the other sideline. OCHA Two 14, Get Kansas City in his house. Y y'all, y'all y'all was home or away? I was in his house. Okay. In, in his house. Had my feet up on his couch. Huge muddy too. That what I do. I have a accused muddy. I ain't no, I ain't no clean yet because I won't, after a couple of days I'm like, fish, I start to smell.


You gotta throw my ass up out of there. Yeah, yeah. You know, I, but you know, I've been there. I I, yeah. Yep. Yeah, for sure. Oh man. Because even though we don't say it is kind like, oh, Joe, well, like you on the treadmill. Yeah. Oh, we competing compet. Oh yeah. What you, you at 4.5? Devin? I'm going to five. Yeah. Oh, you at five? Four, five. I'm going to six, six. Oh, we competing. You ain't gotta say nothing because why you bring your ass right next to me. That treadmill over there was open. So you brought your ass to me. We competing. Yeah. Before, you know, we both are the full spread. Whoever give out, whoever give out first. I, I I really, I, I really, really, really enjoy the back and forth between the two.


You know, two of the best players in the league that, that feel they're, they're worthy of, of being the MVP For sure. Yeah. Defense. M-V-P-I-I like it. I like it. I think it's healthy. It, it creates, it creates a debate. It gets, you know, for those of us that on the other side, the media gives us something to talk about. 'cause the numbers, I'm not gonna say they're com they're identical. But these two players are so good at their respective craft. It means so much to their defenses that it's worthy of having a talk and debate about, Because you know why ocho, they're the same draft class, you know, anytime two players, even though one's a defensive end, the other is, is an outside linebacker Backer.


Yeah. They do the same thing. Yeah. So they're always gonna be competition. When two quarterbacks come out in the same draft class, Caleb Williams and Jane Daniels, they're linked forever. Always. Everybody, everybody came by that 83 draft class. Elway, Marino, Kelly, all those Easton. Who else was in that draft class? Danielson. They link it. It is what it is. Don't you? Yeah. I don't make the rules. They're always gonna be compared to these other Absolutely. Always. So it is what it's


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism in addressing transportation barriers. These tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile congratulates Easterseals, Southern California for their unconventional thinking


Attention, parents and grandparents, are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus, get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Olivia's After learning, she has quite a lot in common with a ninth century Viking is different to Luna's, who after the old man narrowly escaped, being bitten by zombies, which is also different to Jerome's. His eureka moment on finding the perfect new quote for his dating profile from to to Amazon. Books that reading, feeling awaits


Now streaming on Prime Video. You can call me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross. You've been doing this a long time and you're the best. And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I've connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for afoot. Ms. Killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. There's a lot of sickos out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hoge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross. I learned to trust his gut against inside's head with clocks ticking. It was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. You think you can stop him? I know I can because I know I am better than he knows himself. South Cross a new original series only on Prime. Video watch. Now


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families with Greenlight. You can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids' spending with real-Time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/iheart.


Daniel Jones seemed to say goodbye Ocho to the Giants and their fans in today's statement to the media. And according to Jordan Schultz, there is disappointment among some giant players regarding how Daniel Jones situation was handled over the past week. Especially with players aware, it's primarily a financial decision by the organization. Dex de Lawrence publicly stated on Tuesday, he is quarterback one to me. To me he is the best quarterback on the team. One offensive player told Sholtz over the phone, we're not idiots. They did this because of money. So be it. But Daniel Jones has been all class, never complained and is not being completely disregarded. The team record is bad. You can point fingers everywhere. Try to blame him is trash.


And making him third string is weak as f the defense versus the organiz within the organization go far beyond just one person. I love it. Listen, I I love, I love what the players are saying. This's all the right thing. Yeah. Yeah. Ob obviously 'cause they're on the team, but your team for anybody if, if they don't know, even though you are playing the game of football, you're only as good as your quarterback. Yep. You are only as good as the person who's at the ham, who's in con in control of the offense. Being able to make the right, the mic, the right and the wrong decisions. I mean, that's just what it is. You know, I I I respect Dexter Lawrence and, and, and Woody's having a say in some those play other players being upset. But how can you be upset? Have you watched Daniel Jones play the past three years? Oh, y'all got so much to say now.


Ojo, why ain't y'all play better now? Everybody got a lot to say. Listen, all I Talking, you're talking your ass off now. What if I play your ass off Right. Daniel Jones, you play better. Everybody that gotta comment play better. And let's see what would've happened. Yeah, Well listen. D Dexter Lawrence playing his ass off though. So we really can't, we really can't say nothing about him. He, he, well, he's one of the best in the league, but they have to understand the business. They have to understand the nature of the business, especially when it comes to the money aspect of why they're, why they're benching him and making him third string quarterback. So because of that injury clause, if he happens to get hurt, because which which, which he probably would do if they do allow him to stay in there, you know, some type of injury will pop up outta nowhere.


Yeah. For that 2,000,023 million. Yeah. Yeah. But here, but here's the thing, aren't you, so y'all make it seem missing about just this year. What about last year? Yeah. How was he last year? Okay. He got hurt. But look at, at his body of work, his body of work doesn't justify 40 million. And it definitely doesn't justify running the risk. It wasn't like y'all going anywhere anyway. Y'all make it seem like they bitched a man like they did Russell Wilson last year. Y'all trash, okay. Trash is a very harsh word. Y'all sanitation. Y'all a landfill. Yeah. So where you going Ocho? They make it seem like they had a chance for the playoffs. If they'd have left Daniel Jones in there.


Daniel, all Daniel Jones gonna do is look worse and worse and worse. Fans are gonna have, the fans are probably already stopped showing up. Yeah, but what about getting out of this? Daniel Jones is not going to be in the, in New York next year. Yeah. So what am I getting out of that? I'm not winning. He's not gonna be there. So what do I get by leaving his ass in the game and continue to start for us Ojo? Yeah. Nothing. You're not getting anything. I, I got a question though. I'm con I'm confused. Anytime that players get benched, is it normal for quarterbacks to apologize? No. What apologizing for you could have played better? Yeah. I, I I don't, I don't know know if I've quite seen that. I've quite seen that before.


Is it? Or is it because it's in New York? So it's a little different. You know, I, I respect what he had to say. I respect what he had to say as far as, you know, being grateful for the opportunity. But like, come on man, Bro, I these guys mean come on man. This is, look, this is pro sports and when there's only two things you can get wins and losses. That's it. That's how you're judged. He's lost more than he's won. Okay. They say, well, it's not only the quarterback. Well who's the more forward against the credit when they win? They ain't mention no offensive lineman. They're not mentioning Dexter Lawrence. They're not mentioning linebackers who they mention The quarterback.


So the problem that I got is that, well when they, a lot of times people are like, well it's a team game. But y'all blame the quarterback when you like, here's the thing, when you like somebody, it's a team game. Yeah. When you don't, it's not, it's really that simple. You and I played this game long enough to understand how the dynamic of it worked. Yeah. Most definitely. I don't care how good in today's game. You can't put a team, a great enough team around if your quarterback stinks. Yeah. Back you could, before they changed all these rules, you could run the football, you could play outstanding defense and you can hide your quarterback.


You could no longer hide him. He's the only position that you cannot hide anymore. Because if you got a weak corner ocho I play coverage too. I roll coverage his weight, I can help him. Right. If I got a weak offensive line, I can just slide protection or I can tell the back chip your way out. The Chip. The chip. Yep. If I got a terrible quarterback, what the hell am I gonna do? Hand them all off 65 times. Yeah. You can't, you can't hide him. Not, not in this game. Not in this case. Not Today's game. No. Absolutely not. You gonna get exposed. And the thing that I love most about sport, but love, especially NFL, you gotta update your resume. Yeah. Them people don't give a damn what you've done in the Past the last year. Yeah. Because What that gotta do with right now, don't you?


He's a superb bowl champ and he won the MVP and Yeah. What he doing right now, those trophies are on his mantle. Those awards are on his mantle. Yeah. Those accolades is on his resume. But what does that gotta do with, right now, what Nightcap did in 2023 ain't got itch to do with 24 and 24 ain't gonna have itch to do with 25. We've got to keep getting better. Better. And we gonna keep the hammer down, getting better, better graphics, better editing, better social. We gonna get better at everything. That's what we do. And if we don't, I won't need to know why we're not getting better.


Right. And I don't like to ask questions. I really don't. Yeah. We ain't asking shit. Nah. Hey, I I'm not a guy that let that ask questions because what I, by the time I come to you to ask the question, I already know the answer. Oh yeah. Drew laws also question not being named quarterback one for the jack. That's a question that I still have for myself. It was expressed to me that that was going to be number two interesting situation. So let me get this straight. You quarterback two quarterback one gets benched quarterback three pole won you with no play.


Right. And now you're still quarterback two even though quarterback one got benched and it's so bad that they moved Daniel Jones to quarterback four and brought a guy for the practice squad. Squad and put in made him three. Hold on, I'm confused. If you were good enough and adequate enough at the ham where they felt you could be a leader of men and quarterback the helm of the New York Giants, then you order, you, you would've been one from the beginning, from the get go or you would've been one at the previous team you were at before. But obviously before you got to the Giants, you weren't good enough to play there.


So what makes you think you're good enough to start with the goddamn New York giants? Well, I'm just at Some point at, at some point as a player also, reality has to set in and you have to say to yourself, I'm not good enough to be a starter, but I can be a very, very good backup quarterback. Well, well I I hope you don't think Tommy Devi vito's a starter. I mean, Yeah, I do. Me. Yeah. I would've know. You don't, you don't, you don't, you don't talk about Tommy Tommy Cutlets, Tommy two times and Tommy DeVito like that. He might not be a starter, but he might be a spark. He might bring some type of excitement to you. He's, he's a dual threat quarterback. I'm not saying he's the best quarterback in the goddamn league. He can run the ball, he can throw the ball good enough to make it exciting.


They, in this goddamn season, I'm putting Tommy DeVito in to make sure I don't win. I'm trying to secure my draft position and I'm not gonna have him monkey it up. I like that because you Know that what I booked. Do you know who going there? You want me to tell you? Nah, time ain't going there. We ain't going there. Oh, I I I know who going though, Man. Yeah. Bad plea. That's what the Giants said. The Giants is not if, if Ocho, if I've already benched quarterback number one, I felt he gave me the best chance to win. After I remove him, I don't want any chance to win.


Right. I'm putting the guy that gives me the least chance to winning. So we just wanna secure, we just wanna secure that goddamn damn. I'm, I'm trying to get best damn spot I could possibly get. And I know do Tommy DeVito helps ensure us that You gotta believe, you gotta believe in your Italian baby. Believe in your Italian. He can believe it all he want to. If the Cowboys Monday night meltdown wasn't bad enough, CD, lamb and re dra Trayvon digs just added gasoline to the fire hours.


After a crushing blowout loss to the Houston, Texas, Trayvon and CD went to the club to film a music video. Dallas TV shared the clip of the duo on Twitter sparking outrage. One fans didn't mince word. That's why y'all suck another torchy culture. Culture Dallas Cowboys are not a serious football team. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. We not finna do that right now. We not finna do that right now because every time I try to send you ocho tell y'all man, let them boys have fun. Let them boys do what they wanna do when they off time. Ocho how you feel about this? I mean, you know when you're losing, I mean, I'm just, me, my perspective. Yeah. If we lose like that during my time when I was in Cincinnati and we were losing, like I don't go out no way.


So it's hard. I'm just, I'm hy hypothetically speaking. Yeah. I wouldn't be out. I wouldn't be out. But again, after losing the way they've been losing this season, I think, you know, them boys might have felt like, man, forget that man. We, we getting our ass. Whoop. I need to go find a different outlet outside of football and I'm going to the goddamn club now. It's hard for us now Unc, the way you think I know how you think Unc you know how No, I think about winning. I don't, I I don't go nowhere. Nowhere. But as far as, we can't control what other players do outside of the game of football on how they wanna spend their free time. Che. That's why y'all Cowboys suck. Yeah. 'cause two of your best players, this is what they doing that shows you how much the game of football means to them. That's what he told me.


Everything I need to know. Yeah. All I gotta do I see. I see better than I hear. Yes sir. Now I heard what CD said. Yes Sir. Trayvon doesn't do a whole lot of talking. I hear what Michael said, sir. But my grandpa used to always tell my brother and I, he said I see better than I hear. Yeah. I heard what I Hey, I I heard what y'all told me, but I know I see that trash deal in the ca in the corner when I told y'all to take it out. Yeah. Everybody talks about winning, but do you take the steps in order to win? Mm. How is partying? You got your ass kicked. I I would've left the stadium with a bag over my head. Ain't no way y'all see me leave the stadium after I got beat like that after I've gotten beat like that every game.


Mm. 47, 9 37, 10 48 32 a yacht and a partridge at a pear tree. And you do this Yeah. Is disrespectful. It is disrespectful to the fans that pay their hard earned money. But you know what? It couldn't happen to a better franchise because all they ought to do is run his mouth and talk about what they're gonna do. And this team, I've been around Super Bowl teams and this and that and all they players do because they take it from the top. They run their mouths and they ain't one dog crap. None of them no D dog shit. You can say it. It's okay. Not one. Hey I got a question. And they talk about they know what it takes. You don't know what it takes to win win because none of you guys have won.


It is disgusted against disappointing that these two are your best players. This is what they think. See it just goes to show you see everybody see Everybody tells you what they think you want to hear. Yeah. But I see what I need to know all. And it tells me everything I need to know. You can't convince me these guys care about winning because this is not what you do when you wanna win. So what's in the club that's gonna help you get better? Take your ass home and start the recovery process. This is why I couldn't play in today's time because guys, I don't care what they say. Guys most a lot don't care about winning.


Yeah. They like the bag. They like what comes along with being an NFL player. You gonna get the baddest women. You gonna get to go to the clubs. You get to move to the front of the line. You get to go all these places. But everything, our brand, my brand, the Cowboys is the brand. Ain't one player on that team got a damn brand because you ain't want nothing because you don't care about winning. You ain't got no leadership. That's your number one problem. Who's the leader? I'll wait for you. Tell me who's the leader? Is it Dak? Is it Micah? Is it Des? Is it cd? Who is the leader of that team? Ocho quarterback.


You lying to me. Ain't no way. Ain't no way. That's what you get. They ain't got no leaders Ocho. That is the problem that the Cowboys have. They're devoid of leaders. They're dev board of leadership from top to bottom. The owner isn't a leader. He thinks because he's worth 16 billion. He thinks because he has a TV show, he's the only owner, the only GM that really has a TV show. He thinks that makes him a leader. Little does he know they don't pay him no attention.


Mike McCarthy's not a leader because they know he's been emasculated from the day he arrived. He has no, all he is is a coach and title. He has no powers. Mm. He's Batman without his belt. What the F could Batman do without that belt? Come on Riccio. He's Superman with kryptonite. Nothing. Boy, it's embarrassing. It's embarrassing. You couldn't do this on your off day. I'd have been pissed off if you did it on Tuesday. But at least you gotta look like me. It's my off day. You lost the game and you took your no good for nothing answers out and shot a video.


Dang. Tell me everything I need to know. That's why. See, that's why they, oh yeah. You know what? I know. I was never the best player ever. And I'm never gonna say that. But I tell you One thing, I can tell you I know what it takes to win and I know the sacrifice and the dedication and determination. Them guys don't know nothing about that. Them guys just talk. They run they mouth and they've been well compensated for because what guys look at today, if I make the bag, that means I'm good. Nah. Hell you're not. That's why I see. Got you seen my calls. Everybody got a, my calls cleat Ocho. I remember when we played you had to be a dog to get a damn cleat. Now guys got Pat leather cleat, they got fur, they got diamonds on the cleat.


I said bro, how'd you get a cleat? You on special teams? Why do you got a cleat? I don't want to Boy, look here, there is not one player and I wanna be crystal clear and I wanna be abundantly clear. Yeah. And I say this in the strongest, the most sincere. I wouldn't wanna play with one player on the Dallas Cowboys one. Damn. Huh? Not one. I would've took Zack Martin two years ago. But Zack Martin has beat the hell all the rest of 'em. You can keep every look.


Oh you wouldn't wanna play with D not one. Mm. They don't wanna win. No. Joe. Yes sir. They wanna talk about winning. They wanna have talk shows, they wanna have podcasts. They want to talk about stuff. Some people talk about it, some people bill about it. And some people do what it takes in order to win. You can't win like that. You can't win with 'em Jerry. You're gonna have to make a decision.


'cause you got a bunch of guys that just happen to be collecting big ass checks. But you don't have one leader. You have a God guy that could call a meeting. But ain't nobody paying a damn attention to a word he's effing saying. 'cause that's what they think about him. 'cause everybody got their own agenda. That's the problem. Michael Parsons apologizes for Mike McCarthy. Comment when I'm talk, when I'm talking about here, I'm thinking about the Dallas Cowboy. I have no reference. I was in the middle school, elementary school when Mike MacArthur was a packer. See what I'm saying? Not a student of the game. Most players are historian of the game. The really good ones ask TJ Watt about the defensive player.


Ask TJ Watt about the history of the game. Ask moving forward. I But Mike McCarthy was with the Packers. I have no reference to that. Wow. I wouldn't even say that. You see, remember we talked about Anthony Richardson? Yeah. And how he shouldn't have said certain things. Right. See if you keep your mouth closed, people won't know what you don't know. But when you open your mouth, you remove all doubt. I have no reference. So obviously no disrespect to his career and what made, what he made for himself is one of the mo winningest coaches. I coaches. I could have done better, but I thought you didn't say anything. Who apologizes for nothing? Ocho. Is that what you do? Hey, Well you coming back. You coming back. 'cause of the backlash on what he said, the context of what you said The way he but you.


Right. Right. I'm standing on it. Okay. And you standing on it too. You ain't apologizing with Ocho. Right? Hell, you don't wanna apologize when you're wrong. So I No damn with GD. Well you ain't apologizing when you're right. But anyway, let me continue this thought. Face you I am. I think people would take that outta context. Okay. They took it how you said it. I wanted to hurry. I wanted to hurry up out of the locker room next time. I'll be very careful about the what I say. So that's my apologies. What'd you think by that? We should have kept his mouth closed. Huh? We'd have never knew what he didn't know. You don't know what you don't know.


And people don't know what you don't know. Yeah. Till you open your mouth and then you remove all doubt whether or not they know what you know. Right. That's the part you see. I was heard outta the locker room. Two things that can never be taken back. Word spoken deeds done. Be careful what you say. Be careful how you treat people. Right. I'm done. At some point in time, Ocho, we gotta stop using excuses. Oh he young. He young. He ain't no better. 25. He is young. He ain't too young to cash that check.


That just, This is like, you know what I think Mo mo most of the time also as well, I mean the players, especially those that had podcasts, those that, that like the talk, especially to the media obviously being a part of the Cowboys, you know anything you say, anything you say is, is magnified because of the star on your helmet. You gotta look, you gotta be a little more, a little bit more careful. A little, a little bit more media savvy. Everybody's not media savvy. Underst why you Like helmet? You got a podcast Then if you're not media savvy, you are in the media. You are held to the same standard. You fake reckless. You become reckless. Yeah. Yeah. But that's what I'm saying. What if a, what if a media, what if a media member said I, I don't know who that player was.


You would eat his ass up. Mm. It's your job to know. It's embarrassing. These kids, the DED young men, they're not kids. These grown ass men, their, their kids masquerading as grown men and it's embarrassing. Yeah. They don't realize how embarrassing it is. I just, I just wish guys, I wish, I just wish these players today, some of them, not all, there's no such thing at all. There's no such thing as every, but a lot of these players, Don Joe, they fooling.


They fooling the fans because we get up here and they talk about what they wanna do and I just wanna win. You wanna win, but you want to get your numbers. You wanna win, but you wanna get your stats. Sometimes winning requires you not to do that. And it's okay. 'cause at the end of the day, who doesn't? ocho? Yeah. I, but we won. How do I go in good conscience and complain about not getting targets and catches and we won the game. So is it about my numbers or is it about wins? I just know what it takes to win. Was I the best player?


Am I the best player? No. I just know what it takes to win. Right. And everything That what I told y everything that I've said, y'all come back. Oh. Oh you don't know. But that Joel and B situation. I told y'all a lot of stuff told y'all about AB y'all. Oh no, no. Let that man free. Not look at you. Why ain't nobody offer the man ain't got no job y'all, y'all was gassing him up. Y'all put a battery in his back Dura sale. No, there was, it was a rechargeable battery and y'all kept it plugged up. All I wanna do, I'm not entering anything OCHO that I can't win at. Right. That's why I don't do a whole lot.


I'm gonna be great at what I do. I don't wanna be good at a whole lot of ish. I wanna be great at a few things. That's it. Some people are born great. Some people have greatness thrust upon them. It doesn't matter which one you fall under. What Right you do with the greatness. Theodore Roosevelt. It's embarrassing Cowboy. Y'all are just damn. Hopefully we be done with


them. Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism In addressing transportation barriers, these tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, Easterseals, Southern California for their unconventional thinking


Attention. Parents and grandparents, are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest, and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day. No training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike. Today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus, get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Olivia's after learning, she has quite a lot in common with a ninth century Viking is different to Luna's, who after the old man narrowly escaped being bitten by zombies, which is also different to Jerome's. Ha, his eureka moment on finding the perfect new quote for his dating profile. From ha ha to to Amazon Books. That reading, feeling awaits.


Now streaming on Prime Video. You can call me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross. You've been doing this a long time and you're the Best. And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I've connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for afoot. Ms. Killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. There's a lot of sicks out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross. I learned to trust his gut. Get inside his head. We clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. You think you can stop him? I know I can. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime. Video Watch now.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I'm the Cowboys. I mean, they're already a circus. They need To fix their, the sun coming in their window before they start worrying about The, I like how ge Jerry was like, what do you want me to do about Sun Sun's just up there. Ain't like I can do nothing about it. It's just up there. It's Just your son. What are you supposed to do? He said there's a moon too. And His sun's up there. You think they ain't gonna be his son. And then they're like, well why don't you, you know, put up a curtain. What? Well, it's still the sun. It's Like, well your AllPro receiver has his hands in the air with the ball coming at him. 'cause he can't see. Just just admit you didn't do a great job designing that. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast.


Jerry Jones is reporting to Bear High on Ki Cliff Kingsbury and Robert Sala as possible. head coach replacements. Why you talking about head coach replacements in the middle of the season? I see why you surprised by this? Did somebody put that's that's actually came from Jerry. Jones. Didn't we talk about this when stuff come out? It's coming from somewhere. Somewhere. Oh, I see, I see, I see, I see you going with it. They play he playing the seed early. Huh? First Mike McCarthy knew when he didn't get a contract extension, he was dead man walking. Yeah. Un. Unless they were winning, I don't believe the only way he could have saved this job.


He had to go, he had to go deep. 12 and five wasn't gonna do it because he had went 12 and five the previous three years and he still hadn't got a contract extension in his fourth year. Ba Cowboy versus the giant. It started. Go ahead, don't y'all. I said I was finna say it started. It started at the top. All the problems. All the issues. Why, why, why folks feel comfortable being able to do what they're doing in off season. I mean, during season on Mondays after games.


Well, hell, the owner, the owner act, the owner acting fool. Themselves. Himself. You know why they do that? What they do? Ocho, because Jerry don't take it serious. When he bringing people trotting through there during the week, he make it like a zoo. So they say, you know what? Hell, we in a circle let's clown too. So they do what they want do also, you take it serious, we take it serious. Cowboy versus Giants. Thanksgiving game prices as low as $25. This what to get his attention. This is what to get his attention. Wait, say it again.


Cowboy Giants Thanksgiving Day game tickets as low as $25. That's what to get his attention. Ocho You, you gotta tell you got testing in pockets, huh? Yeah. Touched in pockets that'd get anybody attention there. What got their attention? What got their attention with the Kaepernick advertising sponsor? Say, Hey, we going to, we want to Good. We we finna pull Y'all. Hey, y'all gonna have to stand up. They, they, hey, they started playing that Luda song and all the readers stand up. They don't play about that money. Boy, that's that bottom line. That's that's what, that's how y'all fans get Jerry's attention.


See y'all be talking about y'all mad at Jerry, Jerry need to step down and y'all still playing three, 400, $500 for tickets. What Do that? Y'all still selling out the building Jerry, don't hear y'all. When it, when it come, when it billionaires understand One thing. Capital money. When stock prices drop, that's when the shareholders start raising hell. That's when the board make decisions. That's what I'm talking, that's what I'm talking about. ocho Yeah. We had this conversation, well, let me go ahead. The Jets R certified disaster and they got messier today.


The day began with the team fire general manager Joe Douglas, which was not exactly surprised. Douglas was 30 and 64 during the Jets tenure and never sniffed the playoffs. The juicy of all was Woody Johnson wanted to bench Aaron Rogers just four weeks into the season in, in favor of Ty Rod Taylor. The coaches present in the meeting were stunned according to our report. And rightfully so. Johnson backed off but fired Robert. So a week later fired Robert. So demoted Nathaniel Hackett. Now I asked you who was next, Right? See, green Bay got Smart Green Bay said hell y'all, if you aint fixing to get me up outta here, man. LA floor. And, and and Brian Gut and the Mark Murphy.


Yeah. Hold on. Woody Johnson won the bench. Aaron Rod and week four for Ty Taylor, right? Yep. So The elephant in the room who always been the problem. So you're doing all this firing where you're not getting, putting the right person into place that needs to be Well how you going? You gonna bitch? I, I ain't never seen nobody bench a quarterback that make that kind of money either. If he left out the Woody Johnson, he would've, he Would've. Yeah. So now Joe Douglas gone. But you met Woody. You do realize they use your jet to go find and see Aaron Rogers. Yeah. You do realize you signed off on all this. So where's your culpability in any of this?


Right? But you know, he can't fire himself. But, but also they're, they're expecting to get the Aaron Rods, the bowl. They're expecting to get the Aaron Rod. They got old Aaron Rogers, bro, everybody ain't gonna be So you thought they was gonna turn right around after, after Tom Brady did what he did. You thought so soon right after that, another guy was gonna do that. What allowed Brady to play As long as he did and as well as he, he had no major injury after he suffered that ACL injury. That was in 2008. So up until that he had no injuries, he had no hamstrings, he had no injuries. That really caused him to miss time. Yeah. Aaron Rogers was coming off one of the most serious injury.


A a player in the sports can suffer the Achilles injury. Right. Plus he's 40. You know, I don't, I don't, I don't think he takes the game as serious as Tom as well. Of course not. Yeah. He doesn't take the game as serious. He never Has Two, two different totally type of two totally different type of quarterbacks. Especially when it comes to their approach to the game in the serious, you know, in in the seriousness of it and the way they take it. So I could, I could understand if you're coming back off, if you're coming off an injury like that and you already don't take it serious, you do what you need to do to get back. It's in good graces and health to play. But your approach is still wrong because everything you do talk about when you are on tv, it has nothing to do do with the game of football.


Nothing. Oh, you finally, you probably realized that, huh? Yeah. I said, I said it before. I just don't understand. Every time he speaks it never has anything to do with damn football. No. Or some shit. I gotta look up in the goddamn dictionary on the goddamn computer. You talking about going into the dark and he is talking about these trips and he is talking about this and talking about that. Nothing about building team camaraderie. Building team chemistry. Yeah. And when he could have been built, he could have been doing that. He was a knee jump talking about a trip. Everybody know. Well that mandatory mini camp, you don't plan nothing around that OCHO 'cause that's the one that you got to be at. Yeah. Oh, lemme, everybody that understands what the word mandatory means, right.


Has to be there. But what he failed to realize, what he did in Green Bay ain't got nothing to do. They wanna see what you gonna do for the Jets. You heard Tom, I said it when I went to Baltimore, them pro bowls, those all pros, those Super Bowls that ain't got, I've done nothing in Baltimore. Right. I've got to come in, work my ass off to let them see how I became the player I became while I was there. Right. Hayden said it, Tom so eloquently laid it out. He like, what is what I accomplished in New England? Gotta do with Tampa. Tampa getting Tom getting his teammates, Hey, let's go to the park.


It's in Covid. We ain't supposed to be in the park. We gonna make them throw our ass out. They getting thrown outta high school fields. That's, that shit was funny. Peyton Getting his guys together, he getting, he grabbed up Julius and Decker and, and and, and, and, and Julius Thomas and No, Shaun, Hey, let's go throw guys. I think Stokely was there at the time. Or Wilker. Let's go. Hey, let's go throw, let's, let's, let's build up some chemistry. Let's build up a bond. Let's get to know. Let me, let me tell you where I want to throw the, for you tell me where you want the ball and let me tell you what I'm looking for on this route. Nah, let me go ahead to Egypt. I've already got this trip planned. A so it is what it is.


And you want to, if, if I'm the Jets, I need somebody to explain to me, why would I want Aaron Rogers back Next, next year? Yes. O if, if Aaron Rogers is not done, if he's not done, he signed, he signed, he signed two year didn't he all? I think he has another year left on that contract. I, No, he got another year now. Okay. He signed three. Okay, but For what? Right. Why do I want, tell me, tell me, why do I want him Mocha? What am I getting? A 41-year-old that's a year older than what he is now. So what he gonna gain Speed. He gonna get faster.


You know what a a better question is. If if you don't want him next year, what's your next option? What's your next vi viable option where you can compete and you can, you can, you can continue. Can I compete with Aaron Rogers? You telling me what I can't do without him? What can I do with him? The three and eight. So tell me, what can I do with him? Because I can do, I could be three and eight without him and save somebody 50 million. Yeah. Hell you in last place in the division. If you finish last place in the division with him, I can't finish in last place in the division without him. Yeah, but hey, you, you, you understand and you know how difficult that position is, how difficult it is to find a quarterback for that position.


You, you, you know that. Yes. It Takes a While. Have they found one? They got one in the position now. Have they found a quarterback for that position? It's Been a long, when's the last time they had one? Think about that. He's been there two years. That's even best even better. Question. We going, we gonna disregard that. Yeah. Do they got a quarterback right now? Nah. Well they, they take Rogers off the back. Take Rogers off the back of the jersey. You bringing that guy back next year? Nah. And if he did, if he, if he does get the grace to come back next year, it's because of what he done in the past. If he does get the grace to come back next year, it is based off of what he's done in the past. Of course. Absolutely. Oh, He, oh he's going, he's gonna get some grace based on that alone.


Grace, don't win your game despite having a similar, a similar written loss record. Davonte Adams said things with the jet. So Mike's different than when they were the Raiders. Look at the situation I was in Vegas and look at the situation. I'm here. At least I feel hopeful that we'll be, have a good, a good performance. I'm confused. So as long as you have a good performance, but you lose you cool Ocho I mean I did, I read that wrong. Go. I want ocho I wish I could have this up on your thing. He says, look at the situation I was in in Vegas. You look at the situation I'm in here. At least I feel hopeful that we'll be able to have a good performance.


At least here. I think we'll be able to win. Did I, did I miss something that I asked? Did you leave out win? So there's no win in that. Just a good performance. I'm gonna read it again 'cause maybe you can pick, find win in this. Look at the situation I was in in Vegas. Okay. And you look at the situation I'm in here, at least I feel hopeful that we'll be able to have a good performance. Yeah. I I think the wording, the wording, the wording is wrong.


The, the wording and the way he said that what he's trying to say is wrong. How do you trying to, well, how you trying to me, but you tell me all the time. Oh, why you trying to put words in my mouth? Why you trying to tell me what I'm trying to say? You doing that for Devonte? So now you gonna tell a man what he meant to say even though he said it? Nah, I miss saying. He said we, we have to perform good. He's speaking. We as At least I hope we'll be able to have a good performance. He's talking about the offensively. We, that's why he said we as, as, as as as he. What's the, Jeff, are They not? What? What's the Jeff record? Three and eight.


You remember Bian, they three and eight? What's the three? What's the Las Vegas? What's the Las Vegas Raider? Las Vegas record three and eight. Two and eight. Hey boy, you, you here tonight, boy, Man. Got here man. Hey, hey. Where you hell tonight?


Boy, The Volume.


Once upon a time Amazon music met audio books and listeners everywhere rejoiced. Oh yeah. Because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles including romantic autobiographies, true crime, and more Suddenly listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon music app now to start listening terms apply.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with the new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. The holiday season is here. That means that it is time to start doing your holiday shopping this holiday season, shop in store or online and get great savings on holiday favorites like Royal Dance Danish butter cookies, a signature select LightUp retro ceramic tree, Sylvania mini lights, village candles in multiple scents, Pokemon Scarlet and Violet card sets and more off ends December 3rd. Restrictions apply. Promotions may vary. Visit safeway.com. For more details.


State Farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me. That was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network.


Hey, listeners, have a gamer on your holiday gift list, but you're still not sure what to get them. Head to Lenovo to shop unexpectedly great deals on tech this season. Gift your number one player with a brand new pc. Help them go beyond performance and game without compromise. With Intel core i nine processors, gaming Happens with Intel. Shop now only@lenovo.com.