
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources, they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework,


The Volume.


This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdown is key to Hoing Vince Lombardi Trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at Draft King Sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to Draftking sportsbook app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Download the draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers. To get $200 in bonus BES instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking. Sportsbook, the crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction Void in Ontario, won no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Most Mobile is now legit nationwide, 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why? Either they're sleek, ad free user interface, enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Mitch Every Parent's Dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory, or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. halls.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us for the Super Bowl edition. The Eagles Ride, a suffocating defense to a Super Bowl victory. Thank you for joining us again, Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network.


Y'all know me, I'm your favorite Uncle Shannon Sharp, that guy. Your favorite 85, the route runner extraordinaire, the Liberty City Legend, the bingo Ring of Fame artery and Pro bowler. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for being so supportive. This is really the last game that we get to really talk about. So you know what we're gonna talk ad nauseum about it. Please make sure you go check out Shaa by La Porter Eagles fans. You've got a lot to celebrate. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of shade by La Porter?


Hey, chiefs fans, not so much, but you still can draw on some of your sorrows away with a bottle of shade by La Porter. If you can't find any city or state near you, order it with, ship it directly to your door and please drink responsibly Eagles fans across the country. Stay safe. Check out my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything just restock. Use code Super Bowl for an additional 10% off. We've also dropped beanies in every color. We've introduced gift cards available in nominations from 25 to $50. This takes the guesswork out of it and lets someone special pick exactly what they want, what they want.


The eagles I mentioned again, O Joe the Eagles ride that defense 40 to 22 in Super Bowl 59. Everyone loves the comeback story. Saquon Barkley leads the Eagles there, but it was that defense in Jalen Hurt's arm and his legs. They won this ball game 40 to 22. We've seen this before. Ocho. Yeah, the last time the chief lost in the Super Bowl Tampa defense got after they couldn't run the football, they became one dimensional. Yeah. And the e they came one dimensional again tonight and the Eagles pinned their ears back. They got out to Patrick Mahomes forced a couple of turnover, well forced three turnovers a pick six, a interception right before the half.


And that was the difference in the ball game. What did you like about what you saw from the Eagles in this dominating victory? Don't let the score fool you. Yeah. 40 22. No, no, no, no. Yeah, that was a dominating victory. Yeah. Hey, listen, the game of football, especially in the Super Bowl, most of the time it is one up front. It's one up front, it's one in the trenches. That's where everything starts at the Eagles defense. Gio didn't have the evangel didn't have to do any blitzing, he didn't have to do anything exotic except line up and rushed the pass because the front four got the job done all night. I'm not sure what the center was doing. I'm not sure what the, the right tackle and the left tackle were doing all night for the Kansas City Chiefs.


They played, you know what, I'm not gonna talk about them. I'm, I'm a credit, I'm accredited. Eagle Defense. The defense, phenomenal football. They tried, they tried to roll out if, if, if you notice unc, not too many times they packed from home, just dropped back. You notice how they rolled him to the left a little bit. Rolled him to the right a little bit. They kind of reset the pocket a little bit to give the officer line a little help with Jalen Carter, you know, trying to nullify him a little bit, get him to reset his feet and have to start all, all the way back over, as opposed to just coming up field and bull rushing. They couldn't get nothing done. They couldn't done, they, they weren't able to run the ball. Obviously. They made 'em one dimensional, which is why the game turned out the way it did. Now, on the flip side of the ball, the Chiefs did a great job. The chief, the chief did a great job in nullifying the run and not allowing Saquon.


Barkley hit his head off the goal posts and being efficient in the run game, but they weren't able to stop the pass. Jalen hurts very good in the past. I think, if I'm not mistaken, this might be one of the few games we threw for over 200 yards where they didn't have more rush yards and they actually won the goddamn game. Well, the defense gave them very good field position. Don't, Joe. Yeah. And when you look at it, the problem was, is that yeah, they did a great job of stopping Sequan. Yeah. But they couldn't get off the field on third down. Third down. Yeah. You see, your job is not complete until you get off the field on third down. Mm. Now you have him on third down Trent McDuffy. What did he do? Ocho He got an unnecessary penalty. Penalty. Now they go and get a touchdown. Yeah. So you gotta be smart. You can't put yourself in situations like that.


Give the Eagles and see the thing with the Kansas City, they ran into the same thing. And I tweeted it early. This game has the exact feel of the Chief's Tampa. Yeah. The chief couldn't run the football. Okay. The buck says, we know y'all not gonna wanna play run the football. Guess what they play? She cover covered. Covered too. Well, you not gonna run the football. You gotta, if a team is playing nickel, you've got to run them out of it. You got To, you don't, you don't have a choice. They, they got small guys, they got, they're playing a 4, 2, 5. You gotta run them up out of it. But this is, and when their inability to try to even attempt to run now Big Van Joe says, okay, it walked right into the trap. Yeah. Yeah. Most, most definitely. And I, I thought, I thought the game would've been a lot better.


I thought it would've been a lot better, obviously with the creativity and how special Mahomes is. But yes, Mahomes was never able to be poised. He was never able to gain composure and be comfortable in the pocket the entire night. They had him, they had him running for his life, even with the tricks that they tried to do and getting him out the get, get him out the pot roll, rolling him out, out a little bit. But it, what it did, it made him one dimension, especially with one side of the field. That's, that's how the first interception happened. Because he lost vision of co how you say his last name? I don't wanna butcher Cooper Deje. They, He lost vision of where he was at because he was rolling that way. And obviously when you're rolling that way, you're not staring at that side. You, you staring at what's coming towards you, where you can throw the ball.


Didn't even see him coming. And interception goes the other way. The the other way. The the game was a very good game from all three phases for the, for the chiefs. All for the Eagles. You mean All offensive, offensive defensive. Obviously special teams as well. Not giving up any big plays. There was some garbage time work from, from, from Mahomes and Worthy the Chief that, that really didn't affect the game in any way. But no congratulations to the Eagles. And I think I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna tell you why the Eagles won. It was the good luck kiss I gave Sirianni at, at before, before the game started at the media day. That's what it was. That's what, that's what it was. Ocho normally what happens if you go back and study, study playoffs.


Yeah. When you get into the game and you lose whatever your weakness was, it gets exa exacerbated. Right. What was the Eagle's problem for the most part of the year? As protection. Yeah. Path protection. Now we got an opportunity to see it. The same thing that would've lost. Now, the last time they lost the Super Bowl, they lost to the Buccaneers. They went out and signed Joe Toy. Now if I'm the chief, I'm gonna go get Trent Williams. I'll overpay for him. Yeah, because you got, I've gotta get a left tackle. I've got to put Joe Toy back at left guard. Right. I've got to do that because it does not matter how great you are up.


Look, this is one, if you look at this game, Look at what the Eagles did and who they did it to. Right. This is one would the most dominating performances that you're gonna see. Yes. There have been other games. You go back and look at the 85 Bears, that was Tony Easton. You look at what we did, that was Kerry Collins. Right. You look, but when you look at what they did to a historically and generational and a transcended quarterback. Yes. This is one of the most dominating performances that you're gonna see. Kind of what, like the Seahawks did to Peyton Manning. Kinda like what the bugs did to Patrick Mahomes. They dominated it. I mean, it it wasn't close yet. You gonna look at like 40, 22. But at one point in time the game was 40 to six.


Yeah. Yeah. The game was 40 to six. And for all intents and purposes, the game was over at 24. Nothing at the half. Yeah. Because the people like, well, you saw with Tom Brady did. No, no. The Difference was that wasn't that, that wasn't that, that wasn't that goddamn Atlanta defense out there that Happened. No, it, it, bro, one team had like 11 plays, the other team had 12 first downs. So I didn't see any, any semblance that there was something that they could do. You see, they come out and try to run the football. They ran it for a play. And then guess what? They go right back to throwing It. Listen, I I, I, I saw stat. I saw that. I think Tom Brady called it out. They hadn't gotten the first down. I think if I'm, I might be wrong. I mistake cor you can correct me if I'm wrong. They didn't get a first down until damn near.


Oh, they didn't pass the 50 yard line. Huh? The 50 yard line. What was it? The whole first half or not until the third? I'm like, well, what the, what the, what was going on? Yeah. It was, I mean, you gotta give the Eagles credit. Mahomes didn't play well, credit that. It wasn't that he didn't play well in his own. Yeah. The Eagles had a lot to do with that. That front four was relentless. Yeah. That front four was relentless. Give credit, give credit to sweat. Yeah. Give credit to Smith. Give credit to Jalen Carter. Give credit to Williams. Give credit to those guys because Jordan Davis, they did an unbelievable job Yeah. Of doing what they were supposed to do. Yeah. Our job. And guess what? Even when he was able to skate, they chased him down.


Yeah. They didn't give up. They was relentless in their pressure. And you, and they, they earned this victory. Now, I don't know if y'all know this, but hey, they built the last Yeah. You look at what they got. They, they built the lab. Hold, hold on, hold on. They got, they got, they got Hurtz on a, on a easy contract. Right. They got their two wide receivers. They got 'em sold up. Now you're gonna have to do something with Broun. You gonna have to make a decision. It's gonna cost you a little bit of money for him. You gotta bring him back. You, you got bring back. He, he's on the one year. He was special. He was, he was, he was special. All season long for them all. You have to bring him back And, and he was a defensive candidate, defensive player of the year candidate. So Ocho, if you know, you, you got Saquon tied up.


Yeah. Your offense is tied up. You got Lane Johnson locked up. You got my Lotter locked up. You got Dickerson locked up. Your center is was going on, going to be in the second year. He's on rookie contract. Right. Offensively, you're straight. Good. But look at the age gun. Look at the age. If, if you look at the landscape of the team on both sides of the ball, almost everybody's young. You, you, you obviously have a few veterans that, that are up in. Yeah. Yeah. But the majority of the team is young. This, this team is gonna be together for a while and then you have to think you still got the draft. Yeah. And then you still have off season acquisitions that Jeffrey Leery and Harry Roseman are gonna make to even better the squad. The question is, there's a guy out there that says he wants to be traded. Who?


Miles Garrett. Oh, they not gonna be able to fit it then. Now you can't even be able to pay nobody else. I'm just say it, But look, look, hold on. Stay, stay with me real quick. Now. Now, okay. Look what they were able to do. Now, if I'm a gm, if I'm Harry Roseman and I'm Jeffrey Lu, look what they were able to do with the front floor. They have. Right. Right now the young bulls, you know? Yes. Hey, do you really wanna, do you really need, based off what you saw tonight against Pastor Mahomes and the Kansas City team, do you really need to bring in a miles, Garrett? I you gotta keep you butane. You can't stand packed. Now they gonna look, I'm looking to improve. Now. You're probably gonna pro, it's gonna probably be too much to give it up to give up to get him.


Yeah. And like you said, at, at right now for the next week, I'm not even thinking about that. I'm going to enjoy this. Right. If I'm Jeffrey Lu and High Rose, I'm, if I'm Jeffrey m saying, Howard, don't bring me any ideas. I want eat a dish. Right. Right. I wanna enjoy this. If I, if I, if I'm Nick Sirianni Harvey, don't tell I Right. You gonna lose your physical coordinator. It looks like Kel Moore has the job unless something unforeseen happened in the last, you know, 24, 48 hours. Right. He has the job in New Orleans. So you're gonna have to find a new play caller. But the fact of the matter is, is that what they have? They're very, very good. Well coached team Ani, when you showed up with that sweatsuit told me that you didn't think you gonna get the job, but you got the job.


Yeah. You proven your worth. I was wrong about you. You got to the Super Bowl, you lose your coordinators and everybody's down and out on you. But you know what? You go back and you get Vic Fangio and that defense was outstanding. Kelly Moore did a great job of calling the game, running the football all year long with Saquon Barkley. Jalen Hurtz doing what he needs to do in order to a, okay, I'm throwing for 1 21. I'm throwing for 1 48. Now in this ball game, y'all gave me a lot of single high single high coverage I make, I'm gonna make these throws. Yep. And then when the coverage got tight, I'm outta there. Hey, I'm taking off.


Yeah. Yeah. He started picking 'em up, putting them down. So now that's the problem that you're up against. When you got these mobile quarterbacks, O Joe, you run past 'em, they jump out the window and they hightail and all you doing is looking at taillight. This was a dominating performance. The Eagles fans rejoice. Jay, did Jaylen Hirst win the MVP? Who won MVP? Was it a defensive player? Was it sweat? Was it Hertz who won MVP? I mean, it it should, it should have been Herz. I mean, and it was gonna be somebody on the, on the defensive side of the ball. Hell, the whole goddamn defense should've got it. The whole front line Herz. Oh, Hertz just won those. Yeah, What I was gonna say. Yeah. Yeah.


But it was, it was an outstanding performance of what we saw, what we saw today. They dominated this ball game. And that was my, but, but when I looked at this ball game, mocho, I like, and we talked about it Thursday night. Yeah. I said the, the Eagles have the better team. Oh yeah. If you look at it, player for player. Yeah. Play for player. They do. They do. They do. It's not even close. It's not even close. The only, the, maybe the only position, the only position is quarterback where you could say they got, the better, they got a better place. Other than that, you look at wide receivers, look at the running back, you look at the offensive line. Okay. Chris Jones and Jalen Carter. That's a push look at the linebacker. Zack Brown. Okay. Maybe McDuffy and, and Mitchell, maybe McDuffy is slightly better.


Maybe that's a push. Right. But if you look at the other positions, so if you look at, if you look at it starting 22, with the exception of maybe one, two positions. Right. The Eagles have the better team. Yeah. Most def, most definitely. And usually, and usually in, in, in this case, most of the time, if the offensive line didn't play so bad, if they didn't play so bad, Patrick Mahomes decision making wouldn't have be, wouldn't have been as bad as it was. No, no, no. They made, he started taking risks. Yeah. They, they made him very, very, very uncomfortable from the beginning of the game. So when you talk about which team is better, Patrick Mahomes has been so good since he's been in the league regards to how good the personnel lives on both sides of the ball for the goddamn eagles.


Yeah. Pastor Mahomes know most of the time has always been good enough to overcome that. Right. He's been good enough to overcome the weaknesses that they have offensively. But tonight, Uhuh, If you go back and look at, go back and look at the game that he's lost. Yes. The Tampa Bay Buccaneers had a better team. Yeah. Offensive line. Because remember that first time Ocho, they trotted out five new offensive linemen. Right. Well, you're not winning. I don't care who you are. I don't care who your quarterback is. You tro out five new offensive linemen. You're not winning that game. Uhuh. But he needed to do a better job of protecting the football. Especially. But when you get down no till you start taking chances. Absolutely. Oh, you, I you don't gamble.


But people out there that gambles knows what I'm talking about. Yeah. You start losing and the next thing you do, you start adding more chips to the pound. You try to get your money back in one shot. Yeah. Oh, So you done lost 4,000. Yeah. So the first thing you do, I'm gonna get this 4,000 back with one hand. Let me bet five. Right. Well, you bet five, next day you don't die, you're down 9,000. And So you, you, you keep and you keep compounding it. So you start taking unnecessary risk. Right. And put your team further and further behind the eight ball. This is the thing. Oh, this is, go ahead. But one shot game. You gotta throw the kitchen sink out there. Once you behind the eight ball in the game like this, playing against a defense like that, you have no choice but to put the ball in harm's way. You don't have a choice but to take those risks and put that and bet that, bet that five or 4,000 to try to get your money back.


You ain't got all day. This ain't no seven game series. What is one shot and you going home?


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Everything is more expensive now whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt in a Chime Credit builder card. This is a secure credit card with no annual fees. You can bill credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus, you'll have access to my pay and get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday purchases and regular on-time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better Credit Home Loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime Credit Builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Build your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Bancorp Bank A or Stride Bank. A SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out of network at m withdrawals and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it. Yeah. It was like, do I send the Heart now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially Linemates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay. We'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


They're gonna have to go get a running back. O Joe. Who? They Kansas City. I mean no, hold on that. Wait, timeout. Let, let, let's stop, let's stop. They got Pacheco. He was good before he got injured for what they do. Well, Kareem Hunt came and he filled in. He done a an excellent job for what they do well with the Chiefs asking their running backs to do. They do very well. They don't need to Sequan Barkley. No, I'm not saying No, no, no, no, no, no. You don't need to Sayquan Barkley or Derrick Henry. But Ocho in a situation like that and, and granted let's, I, I don't, I don't, I don't wanna take anything away from the Eagles, but Andy got away from the, you know, got away from calling runs and that put 'em further, further behind us.


So, because if, if I don't have to even, don't you? I ain't even thinking about no run. I ain't even thinking about the run. Oh, I don't even think about the run. All I gotta do is worry about trying to go to get the one five hold. But you, you gotta think about why you not thinking about the run. How well that front floor Jordan Davis and Jalen Carter it in play. I know, but Ocho you got to at least give them something to think about. See if you, Hey, I don't know. Let's see. I can't run up in this house. That joke might be home. That joke might have this thing booby trap. He might be waiting on me. I gotta give you something to think about. They're not even giving anything to think of. Oh. If you think about, I think they had like three rushes in the first half. Can can I say something? Can I say something? Yes. I like your idea though. I love your idea of saying, you know, the chief need to go get a running back, but it's only one Saquon.


Barkery stay with me now. There's only one Derrick Henry. There's only one Jamir gives. I'm trying to think of somebody, somebody else that is, that is Josh Jacob. Yeah. Think that scares you a little bit. There's only, there's only one Josh gave. Now the, there's a handful of running backs that can Have get us get a tier two running back. Those are tier ones. Get you a tier two. Well, they got tier two right now. What Do mean that they, they got tier threes. You think So? Yeah, No, come on on. Yeah, Did do Ocho I'm did do, Come on man. Don't do me like that Daddy. Yeah, they do. They do. But the the main thing they need is off offensive line. They gotta be a disaster. Protect the left guard. I mean the left because the, because the left tackle, they try to get Humphreys and his knee hadn't healed yet.


They tried to draft Morris and he wasn't any good. So you take your, one of your best offensive linemen and, and Tooney and you kick him out the left tackle. And he had one of his worst days today. They did a number on him today. Oh yeah, they did a number on him today. That's Not, that's not him. That's not him. He's not comfortable. No, he's not comfortable in that position. For one. And listen, I'm not a, I'm not an offensive lineman. I'm not an offensive lineman, but I've watched some of the greats for one, I'm gonna start with Willie Anderson. Even though he played on the right on played on the right side. Tony's footwork wasn't there where it needed to be. It wa no there where it needed to be. His hand placement. His hand placement, his hand placement was off and right. A smaller God damnit was sweat, sweat, sweat.


Even with the chip, even with Pacheco coming out the help with the chip, he still wasn't able to get in position to be able that the the hunger down and get swept. Yeah, he might should have changed his cleats. O Joe, huh? Because you see I, the dude they were bullet him. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And he was just sliding because that second interception he got pushed into Mahomes and Mahome couldn't get anything on it. When that picked it, when that LeBron, because he had Hollywood coming in behind him. Yep, He did. Yeah. But what do you think? But, but the Eagles go, What do you, what do you think the chances of them are of, of actually getting Trent Williams? Is that even a possibility? Yes. Trent's a free agent. Oh, now, now he, Oh this, oh, this is D deal then that, that, that's, that's no brainer.


Now maybe hey and the 49 ERs, I don't know if they're gonna be able to offer the money because they're gonna, they're over the cap. They got a lot of, you know, they, they got a lot of money that they get. Plus you gotta sign Purdy. You gotta sign Purdy. I know, but I, I don't think Purdy gonna try to hit him across the head. Now I'm not sure how everyone else views Purdy. I'm not sure how Purdy views himself in his agent. Are you trying to get Joe Burrow money? Are you trying to get Lamar Jackson money? Are you gonna allow room to maneuver and continue to bolster your squad So you can get an opportunity to get back to a game like this? Again, My, my job is not to worry about that. You told me that's business. You say players play, you let, you let management do management thing.


Right? Right, right. So my job is not to worry about your cap. Right. Just like your job is not to worry about two Jeff Flanker drive 50 50 Bingo. Pick. I'm gonna worry about what's on the field. I'm gonna let you worry about upstairs. Yeah. I got, I'm gonna need my money because here's the thing, Ocho remember that first contract now the first contract, I gotta get all I can. Yeah. Now maybe down the road. Second contract. Third contract. Yeah. Yeah. You take a home. Maybe I'll Be Yes. Because he's not like Mahomes. See Mahomes was the first round pick. So he got, you know, $20 million guaranteed out the gate. Brock Purdy probably made five, maybe 4 million, $3 million. Yeah. On his first contract. I gotta get that. I gotta get that get back, right?


Huh? You Right. You got two more years. Well, they ain't gonna get tripped. They might release him though. You gotta hope you got you. You've got, you've got to find somebody to secure that left that left side. You gotta be able to protect Mahomes blindside. Right. And right now they don't have that guy. Mm. So a you scour and, and May a you gonna be picking 31st if they're attack. The likelihood of you getting, getting a tackle way down there no. Is not very good ojo. It's not very good that you're gonna get a a, a a, a quality offensive lap premium. Especially as a rookie Premium premium that can come in. Right. Tackle And put and you put him in that possession And that you can plug and play. Yeah. You right. I mean he was some of the greats, Jonathan Ogden didn't play left tackle his rookie year.


He played left guard. Yeah. They had T-Bone, they had Tony Jones out there. Then we, they ended up trading T-bone to us and then they kicked JO out. Yeah. A lot of times if you go back and look, a lot of times you're left. The guys that are left tackles Right. They start at right tackle or they start a guard and then they kick 'em out. Right. And so the likelihood of somebody coming in as a rookie and just going right off the rip and playing left tackle. That's not that. I mean, it's happening, but more times than not, it doesn't happen. But this is about the Eagles as much as the Threepeat was in play. And it would've been great to see it. 'cause I don't think we're ever gonna see, I don't think I'm gonna see it in my lifetime. Maybe you hang around a little bit longer than me and you able to see some NFL team win three consecutive Super Bowls.


Right. But I don't think it's very, very likely. With that being said, the Eagles earned this victory with, with their play tonight the way they did in the playoffs. But you think about it, the toughest opponent that they had were the Rams. Yeah. That was the toughest opponent. They blitzed everybody else. They blitzed everyone else Washington was close until they started turning the ball over. Turned the ball over. Yep. And, But this game right here, even before the turnover, this game really wasn't closed. No, they weren't. I mean the, the Chiefs weren't doing anything with Ojo. No. They, they really weren't.


The chiefs fought, won Victory short of becoming the first team in the NFAL history to win three consecutive Super Bowls. Kansas City lost to the Philadelphia Eagles marks the first playoff loss since losing to the Bengals in 2021. The A FC championship game, a span of 1,106 days. The Tom Brady led Patriots still hold the record for most consecutive playoff wins with 10. Well, I got 12. That's another hero nor there one more than the Chiefs who's playoff winning streak stopped at nine. Yeah, you can look it up, Ash. I got 12 consecutive playoff wins. Hey. But, but, but this Is the, I said 12. This, this is the thing Also. I said 12. Oh Cho, I'm the king. I'm the king. I'm still number one right now. But, but I got a contract between me and Elia that says I got 12 consecutive win.


Right. This this is the funny thing too, unc, when you think about it, right. I'm happy that the Eagles won. I'm happy Virginia hurts. He finally, he got the monkey off his back. He got a Super Bowl championship. He got his ring right. You got your Lombardi. Now on the flip side of things, I think about the Kansas City Chiefs now, despite, even with the officer woes, look how far they're getting year in, year out, even with the struggles that they have on the officer line. Yeah. When they do improve in that area, even if they don't or they try to bolster it in any kind of way in the off season, they're still gonna be back again next year. Yeah. Because think about ocho, they're still gonna be back next year. Look at the defense. Yeah. Now the defense was on the field an awful lot tonight. Yes. You can't put your defense out there 38, 40 minutes and expect them to hold up like that.


Right. But if the chief's offense would do, would could do anything tonight maybe we see a different ballgame. But tonight belonged to the Eagles. It belonged to the Eagles. The Eagles were suffocating. Yeah. The defense that Front four did their job. Zach Broun, they're, they didn't want a whole lot. Now look, I know Word they had what he got a couple of touchdowns late in the ballgame, had 1 57 and he got better. And when you get Rashe Rice and you get him back, get those two together. Right. They're gonna, they're gonna be okay. Go, Hey, you need to probably go, need to get you another guy outside. Go get your guy to go outside. Because those guys, they're inside guys Ocho they're inside guys. Yeah.


But other than that, I, I don't know how much trends left on the tires with Kelsey. I'm sure he's gonna wanna come back. Probably expect Yeah. I don't, I don't think he would Want, he don't wanna go out like this. He don't wanna go Out like this. Yeah, You're right. You're right. No, Joe, you know, I I, and I don't, and I couldn't say I'm blaming worthy. Ended up the game, had a huge game. Eight catches a buck, 57 and two touchdowns. 1 57. I mean, hold on. There hadn't been a whole lot of games. Jerry had two 11 in the game. I think Ricky Sanders had 180 something in the game. Yeah. Lance Swat had 1 61. This might be the fourth off the top. I'm just going off the top of my head though, Charlie. This might be the fourth.


Might be the fourth best receiving day in, in Super Bowl history. Ashley's checking. She, you know, she want me to be wrong so bad but consecutive it counts. Consecutive. No it doesn't. So lemme ask you a question. If I get, if I, if I complete 23 passes, I missed the rest of the season, then I come back and I complete 40 passes. That don't count. Don't count. So, so lemme get, so lemme get this back. Aren't yo we in the game? Yeah. I go 15 or 15 from the free throw line. Now I go five or six games and I don't get to go to the free throw line.


Then I come back and I go 15 for 15. Is that not 30 For 30? Or they say, well Conway, you didn't shoot no free throws in the last five games. Your street got broken. Nah. Well a Ash said don't count. Yeah, because you got, because you got Jerry Ricky Sanders, Isaac Bruce BL won. Maha Mahomes was sacked a a six A career high six times. Yeah. The Eagles blitz Patrick Mahomes on zero drop backs. Let that sink in. Ocho. Yeah. They didn't bl when you don't have to blitz to sacrifice your back in.


Yeah. And you can get that kind of pressure. Yeah. That's unheard of. You can Do so much more. Listen and obviously yes, when your front floor is getting home like that, you can do so much more defensively because you don't gotta do nothing extra. Ocho check this stat out. Mahomes is the sixth quarterback in Super Bowl history. Not to be blissed a single time. All six quarterbacks lost. Let that I'm read that again to you Ocho. Yeah. Mahomes became the sixth quarterback in NFL history. Not to be bli a single time. Right. All six quarterbacks lost. Chad, do you understand what that means?


That means that front four, The Real is getting after that quarterback's ass. And when you can get out there with, when you can get out here with four and you can drop seven in coverage. Yeah. That's why it's imperative to be able to run the football ocho. But that's, but that's the problem. Huh? You saying run the football, let's say they play, they have somebody different outside of cream hunt outside of Pacheco at the front force playing that well and getting pressure up field. How you gonna run the ball? Even if you had a tier two back as you said, what, what would be the difference? The problem is, Ocho, you gotta attempt to run, see, running. See, a lot of times people are like, well I ain't getting no yards. Right.


Sometimes it's just to slow down the pass rush. Right. And to get the defense, You gonna get them thinking a little bit. Get them to think about something else other than pin their ears back because hey, I gotta make you think I can't always have chicken and and steak. I was just like, oh man, that Jule probably got some gula, sir. There ain't no sense in me rushing out, rushing outta here to go to get that bull drive. And that's how you have to treat it. After today's results here, the current active NFL coaches that have won Super Bowls Sirianni, Andy Reid has three. Sean McVay has one. Pete Carroll now back with the Raiders got one. John Harbaugh has one. Sean Payton has one. Mike Tomlin has one.


Does the wind quiet the criticism about sirianni? Absolutely. Absolutely. At least ocho at least for this year. Yeah. I mean, listen, I'm not sure what you, what what you can say after that. And the same criticism that Jalen Hearst gets as well, that's going to quiet down as well. Absolutely. And rightfully vote Doesn't, he doesn't throw the ball enough. You know, he not, there's not, there's nothing else you can say. Make me throw it. You know, you I'm saying Hold on, Hold on. He just showed you today. Yeah. He just showed you today. Oh, I can get it done now. I just, I just, Jay hears basically saying, listen, I do what they asking me to do. If it's the hand, if the hand the ball off to sa corn 28, 30 times, I can do this as well.


But if I need to throw, I'm gonna show you today. And that's exactly what he did. He showed you today. I can get the job done in the air too. But, and that's the thing though, Ocho, if you want, if you want a team to do something, you have to make 'em do it. Right. You, they don't not gonna volunteer. Well throw the football. No. Why would I throw the football when I'm getting 7, 8, 9, 10 yards a clip running the football? Right. Well, why would I, why would I pass the football? Why would I try to run the football when I'm throw and, and my quarterback Harry Wheel Parkway through the third quarter, he got three 50 yards. No, you have to, if you want a team to do something, you have to force them to do it. Right. Because whatever they're having success with, they're not going to stop that. That'd be foolish.


Right. To stop that. That's why I say when, when, when people are doing things, what's the likelihood? Ojo if he's had success. That's why I tell people, when someone has success doing something, it's hard for to why, why would I change it? Ojo, I'm having success doing it. No, I'm winning games or I'm doing X, Y and Z. Right. That's the problem. But the Eagles Cooper Deje became the first in NFL history to score touchdown on his birthday. Nice birthday Gil Bojo. Oh, that was dope. But what, what, when was Sequan birthday? Sequan birthday was, he didn't score no touchdown. I mean his birthday. So No, I'm saying his birthday was the today too. Yeah. As well. I think so.


It's today. He ain't get no to. Yeah, He ain't get, he didn't get no tub to Cool. He didn't get my 90 yards either. I had to par their pick. Perfect. You had, hey you had for 90, I had it for 90. I got worth for a touchdown. I got Jalen Hertz for a touchdown. What else I had Xavier, I, yeah, I had Hertz to get a touchdown because I looking, I know somebody gonna get short, get caught short at the one yard line and they going push, push his ass in the end zone. So you, the Jayer hurts. I say he gonna get that one. Yeah. Did you win? I Xavier Worth is gonna score. Did you win any money? How much you won? I ain't want no money, man. I need to say Quad to get 90. You know What? Because guess what we had, we had, we had Travis right to score touchdown.


I said I don't like that. I said I like Worthy. Yeah. I like worthy score touchdown. You know, I honestly, when it came to Travis, I didn't think Travis would had have a good game. I had no agree. No, I had no agree having a game if anything at that point. No. And I, you know what? I wonder who Mack bet on, you know Mack? Yeah. I wonder who he bet I what you call him, I think what you call him Point? No, I think he bet a million dollars on the Eagles. Who? Dave Point, Noy. CEO of Barto. Okay. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. Yeah. I think he bet, I think he bet a million dollars on the, on, on the Eagles. And I know he had, but if I, if I was gonna bet money that bet something to me, I would've bet the Eagles. Yeah. I mean, Oh hell yeah. I obviously they I thought they had the better.


I thought they had the better team. I'm saying they got the better team. Yeah. The only position that you could definitively say that the the Chiefs have the better is the quarterback. Yeah. That's it. Other than that, what you gonna say le my you gonna say right tackle, right, right. Tackle on offense. Lane Johnson. Right. My Lauder. Come on Dickerson. Maybe the center. Okay. Maybe Creed Humphrey is the better, but come on now. Yeah. Other than that, no. Look at the defense player for player. Nah, nah. And that's no knock on none of those guys. The Eagles they built last. Yeah. All. Hey, we already know who in that division, but that team ain't going nowhere.


Yeah. Now y'all doing all that talking. There are a lot of guys that's doing a lot of talking. They change coaches and they talking about, oh, we going, we gonna win the NFC. Oh, you saw that? No you're not. No you're not. Oh Joe. Yo. Kendra Lamar Drake lawsuit references Drake lawsuit during the halftime show. Kendrick. Boy, he petty that joke brought out, he brought out Serena. You saw Serena out that creek? Serena? Yeah. In Compton. Yeah. Okay, okay, okay, okay. No Serena and Drake used to date. Yeah, I understand that part. Remember Serena grew up in Compton now a little bit. She was was Yeah. On the man Serena was out there thing hitting it up.


Not like us. I remember, remember she Crip walk after she won, won a match Wimbledon. I forgot what year that was. Wimbledon. Wimbledon, Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Ocho rate the halftime shoulder scale of one to 10. Oh, it Was, it was a 10. It it it was a 10. Yeah. It was a I ain't going that high Ocho. Huh? I ain't going that high. No, I mean listen, if you understand, if you understand how everything came about and how a song that is not even really a song. It's not even a song. It's not even a song. Huh? It's a dis track. Yes. And you performing it as the super man. I, I don't, I don't know. Oh, He squeeze out, he got everything that Orange in 10.


How do you not, He got everything outta that orange. Yeah. Yeah. All the Jews, everything age the inside used the zest, the pill for Zest. Right. Yeah. He, he, he, he, he, he que he got everything outta that one. Yeah. He got everything outta that one. Hey, I have a question for you. I have a question for you. Yeah, no. Anyway, we, I mean I know we talk about Super Bowl performance, obviously what it was rated, but I think at, at some point, the few that these two were having, Drake is still a big enough artist to be able to withstand this and come back. Yeah, for sure he can. Yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. Yeah. That, that's a no brainer. I mean even with that being said, yeah, Drake is still a big artist.


Yeah. Drake still does more money. Drake just did a billion streams. Yeah. The fastest to do a billion streams or something. Drake is Drake. Yeah. He got him. Look, he got involved into a, a, a contest that he probably is not, not good at. Probably should have just left well enough alone. Well wait this, oh, this is the thing. You talking about a, you talking about a battle in a contest that he, that there, there have been many that he would probably beat, there would be many contests that he would probably win. But you just, this was the bookie man. This was the Booky man in that instance when it comes to going back and forth, Ocho Yeah. If he wins, what does he get outta winning? He's Drake. He's the biggest rapper. Yeah. But he can, he can go get a lot outta losing.


Just Let it Go. Yeah, yeah, yeah. If you go back and look at it. Nah, be JayZ, JayZ, let it go. Look at what JayZ is. Yeah, that's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. Ah, at some point in time what Master P, who's that? Hold on to me. Master P and Gilly. I sat down with Gilly and I said, bro, as a matter of fact, you the second person in $48 to sell me. He said, boy, sometimes they'll trick you out your position. Oh, Drake track law. Let the man trick him outta the position right now. Wait, let it go for what? Okay. You got, you got me right.


I'll let you, Lemme go. I you lemme go and put pen in the pad. Come out with some more hits. Boom. Is when you go back and forth. Now you allow your, your listeners ears to hear that and to go back and forth. Ooh. Ooh. Yeah. Ooh, Drake. Damn. You probably shoulda have left that one alone. You, Hey Ocho it, it's kinda like, it's kinda like boxing and don't get No, you gonna get, somebody gonna get you. I ain't gonna say they, you might not lose, but somebody gonna get some licks on you. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you know, and know what's funny, what's funny about it is, is this is the first time you've ever seen one, someone actually get these kind of licks on someone this big, someone that in the tool.


Right. So I, I, I don't know. I don't know. I don't really, I just, but, but, but see and what made it, now you suing and all that, that's what people look at it, bro. It's a dis track. It ain't that serious. Yeah. I think there's some stuff. What the machine and Yeah. And they, they, you know, you, I mean you allowed him to say these derogatory, right? And, and they brought by character, blah blah blah. Well, y'all was going back and forth. Yeah. There must be some. So I, I'm, I'm not into it. I'm not invested into it that much. I'm just on the outside. Hell No.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it Yeah. You was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color Edition. It's extremely pink. Mm. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially Linemates Nate. We're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay. We'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do, provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tom Brady. He wore a Jacob and Company. You Saw that? Yeah. 800,000, right? Eight. Eight th Wow. Yeah. We ought to go to get us one. Ocho, Come again. We are the good Get us one. We Ocho and unc and Ocho. I Don't think so. I don't think, I don't think we should. I think what we can do is we can keep it simple and plain. I, I think it had a little, you know, a few. I just, I like my watch. Simple and plain. Unc, I don't like the diamonds and the ice on, on my watch. I like the ice. I how you talking this man? Did y'all see this man at, at Nightcap line? Hold on. He don't like ice now, huh? I, he out there looking like flavor playing with that big ass.


85. He don't like Ice. I specifically said I don't like ice on my watch. I want to be able to tell time. I want to be able to look at it and see exactly what time it is. Not have, you know, the, the, the, the glaciers staring back at me. That, that's all I that would, I be, I be one like that. But you, you wouldn't look, you wouldn't look right with, with, with, with a watch like that, with all the diamonds on it. You, you, I would, I I would look just right. I'm just, I'm just saying you, you, you, you are simple. You're very simple. Very. I am. Right. But So you, but I'm gonna, I tell you what, give about gimme about eight months a year. I'm gonna see it for, look, I did. I let you tell me when you see it on, I be like, damn, that thing look good. Come on.


Don't do it man. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it, man. I, Hey Ojo, I can't man. 8,000. No man, please. You have to think he probably didn't have to pay. He paid for that. They sent it to him for the exact reason that people are gonna wanna know. Okay. What is that? That Tom Brady ran? People are gonna see it. It's a Super Bowl. Everybody's going to be watching. That's called Market and Promo. I'm not even gonna charge you for this. I perfect. No, I can't. No. Nah, nah. I just 800,000. I'll spend some money now, Lord knows I, hey, I can't take any of it with me. Right. But 800,000 might be a little bit too much for me to get off of. Especially for a watch Half of anything. Unless it's a house.


I need to be able to sleep in that Mofo. I mean, yeah, you take, take, take, take 800 About Thousand. You, Hey listen, take 800,000 and buy you some units, like buy you some units. Hey, I'm looking back now. I could have taken 800,000 and bought me some a, a Bitcoin man. If I have bought 800,000 was a Bitcoin in 2015, no Cho I'd been, Hey, I ain't gonna lie to yo Cho, I wouldn't be working. It wouldn't be no unc ocho. It wouldn't ocho I could have bought a coin for 2,500. Right. They trade now between 85 and a hundred thousand per coin. Ooh. I bought 800,000 worth.


So how much would, how much would that be worth? And would that be, would, would you be able to, would you be able to, to get that money out? You could buy whatever you want. 'cause everything is on. That means you could buy anything. What, whatever you want. You wanna buy people. You could buy houses, you could buy cars, you can buy watches. There ain't nothing that you can't buy because everybody damn near everything is they, they're trading in it now. Okay. I, I understand. I understand. I I've never, I've never got into that. I've never got into that. Hey, actually the Bitcoin was 10 cents in 2015. Well, he about to get a, he tried to get a profit on me 'cause he was charging me 2,500 though 10 cents A coin in 2015. You know what I wonder, I wonder what drives The, I don't know enough about it though.


I don't either. I don't. And you gotta have a wallet and to be able to remember the code and get, so I had had maybe three, $4 million in there. Couldn't get in there because I forgot the code. So I, I need to be able to write that code down. I even had that piece of paper. Hey, as far as far as currency is concerned, I mean big Bitcoin, Bitcoin would never take over the dollar though, right? No. Okay, okay. Okay. But But see they, they did that because black silk roll on the black market. So if you want to, people like to trade Bitcoin because I want get somebody's information. So if I wanna get credit card information, I wanna get personal information right. That I can do, you know, make That's what you did it with.


Ah, Okay. And then so hey, people adopted it like, hey, you wanna buy a car, you wanna buy a house. Right? You wanna buy whatever you wanna buy. You can buy with Bitcoin now OCHO right, but I don't know enough. I didn't know enough about it then. I don't know enough about it now. Yeah. Hey to Uche, to whomever making their money, because you remember there was a lot of guys started taking their money. Trevor Lawrence took a lot of his siding bonus in Bitcoin. Bitcoin Odell took some of his money in, in Bitcoin. That's right. Russell Koon. What's the guy from the blind side? The movie was based on Michael or Michael or he took some of his money in Bitcoin. But nah, Ocho that ain't for me. Yeah. Eagles on seek. Kellen Moore still plans to take the Saints head coaching job after the Super Bowl Ocho.


Do you like this for Kellen Moore? I like It. I love it for Kellen Moore. I love it for I love it. I love it for, for the Saints fans. I love it for the team. I just think, and, and I know I probably have Saints fans in here watching that. There, there's one position you look at, you look at the teams that are playing in the Super Bowl, you look at the teams that were in the playoffs this year. All of 'em have one thing in common. They all have a great, a good quarterback. A good quarterback that is consistent at what he does and, and, and, and gives his team a chance to be in contention, not just during the regular season, but even have a chance at making the playoffs based on his play throughout the entirety of the season. I think that's what the Saints need. Killer Morgan go on.


There is a great, great, great, great opportunity, not just for him but for the organization as well. I'm just looking and curious to what he's gonna do at the quarterback position. If Derek Carr is coming back, if they're gonna allow Spencer Bradley to take over. I I'm not, I'm not sure. I think if there's a question mark with that team, I think that's it. I I, if I'm not mistaken as well, I think, how much are they over the cap? Huh? They, I think they're like 55, $60 million. They over a lot. They, they're gonna end up, they're gonna have to restructure some guys. Right. But they're gonna end up losing some quality players, don't y'all? Yeah. Yeah. I mean they're gonna end up losing some quality players. It, It happens. So Yeah. And this is the funny thing about it. When you lose quality players, then you have to find, you have to find players to replace 'em.


Yep. Your team, your team is gonna look different next year and Kel Moore will do what's necessary. He gonna do what necessary. And he know, he knows what it takes to win Now. He knows now. Yes. Yes. But he, he ain't got that roster that he got. Oh yeah. To say where he going? Oh yeah, he ain't got that. No he doesn't, he ain't got Saquon. Right. He ain't got hurt. He don't got, he damn sure ain't got that offensive mind. Wait, He does have a tier one running back now. Yeah. Okay. But you know, but if you think about Ocho, you know Alvin Cama has never had a thousand yard rush season. You know what we That's that's crazy. That's Crazy.


He's more of a dual purpose threat. Right. You know, get 60 here, there, get your 50 60 over here. Yeah. But he's never, he's never had a thousand yard rush season. Now don't get me wrong, that's, that's not to say I'm not trying to disparage it, but I'm just saying for context. Yeah. He's more of a a, a multipurpose back. Catch it At the back. Run it. He's good. Yeah, he's Good. Yeah. He, he, but when you look at it now, it's gonna be interesting to see o lave coming back. 'cause he took that hit. I think he ended up getting concussion and he didn't come back. Ocho sha rash. Shahi rash Shaheed the speed guy. Yeah, he nice. Yeah, He nice Defensively. They're getting a little longer the tooth.


We'll see because you know, they moved on from Latimore. Yeah. But it, they got some issues though. They got some issues that they're gonna have to work out ocho. Yeah. So with that being said, but the thing is, Kellan Moore wants to be a head coach. Yeah. This is an opportunity. Some of you gotta, you gotta take him Because think about it. Nobody, he's the only one that really wanted that job. Nobody else wanted that job. Don't you? You know why. Yeah. Hell yeah. I know why I you over the cap by damn damn damn half a hundred you over the cap by half a hundred m Yeah, that too. You don't have a quarterback. You got some, some, some major issues. You gonna lose a lot of, lots of pieces on the defense side of football. Right.


I absolutely, and probably Mickey Loomis has been there for a long period of time. Some of the coaches probably say no. Nah, you know, if you move in a different direction with the gm, he still holds a lot of power. They're not willing to move. My Ms. Benson is not willing to move on from Mickey Loomis. Right. So with that being said, it's like nah, I'm good. So they, they, they moved on and, and Kelly Moore is next in line and congratulations to him. He had a great one year as the OC for, for the Eagles. One of the Super Bowl gets that parlays that into a head coach can't beat that OCHO because for the most part, most coaches Ocho want be a head coach.


Don't you wanna call your own shot? Yeah. It's, it's one thing about calling your own shot, but also as a coach, you want, you want your career or your coaching, your coaching job that, that have some type of longevity to it. Yeah. So you, you understand that players get coaches fired. So when you wanna, when you wanna go to a job and have an opportunity to be a head coach, you wanna hope, I mean, let it start with the quarterback first. Yeah. That's what the always Starts to start with. Now if you got that, then you got hope. You, you, you got hope you could build from there offensively and defensively. But if you ain't, if he ain't got the main centerpiece, well hell, it's gonna be hell for you to compete during the season. Makes it very, very difficult. Don't y Hey, I can just imagine Gilly because he was Joey.


Remember Gilly was old one yesterday. Man, man, that's a fool. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. I can't, we sat down with Gil, I can't wait till they see this interview. Yeah, but you gonna see why he was a fool. Ocho the jet have informed Aaron Rogers they'll be moving on from him. Wow. According to Jay Glazer. Wow. Rogers flew back to New Jersey last week to meet with the Jets about the future with the team. Only to be told the team would be moving on. Mm. Now if that means he'll be a June one casualty or allow him to decide with any team in the league March 12th. If March 12th, if he decided to continue, given that Aaron Rogers made an effort to fly back to discuss his future, all signs point to him to continue to play.


It just won't be with the Jet Ocho Raiders need a quarterback. The Steelers could potentially need a quarterback. The Saints could potentially need a quarterback. Cleveland could potentially need a quarterback. The question is, does any of those places sound appealing or does Aaron Rogers walk up into the sunset? I Don't, I don't think he walks off into the sun, into the sunset. The fact that he even flew back in New Jersey to take that meeting to see about his future as far as, you know, playing with the Jessica concern. It doesn't happen. Alright, Steelers, you can take that out the equation because what's not gonna happen is you're not gonna come in with the attitude that you have and that at that organization with Mike Tomlin, that that ain't happening.


And saying you're not coming to, you're not coming to mini camp, you're not coming to training, whatever, whatever it might be. Taking retreats and doing all that, saying some of the stuff you say through the media, it is not happening. What other team did you say? You said the Saints. Saints, Steelers. Brown Steelers. No, Browns. Raiders. Raiders, Okay. Raid Raiders. Raiders is a good one. Raider Raiders is a good one. You know, he'll be back, he'll be back on on his end where he is from, not too far from where he is from. You know, Vegas is a skip, a skipping a hop right away from California Saints. I'm, I'm trying to think Chris, VE Vin Kama Shahe.


Rasheed Shaheed. I I I like, I like, I like the Saints. I think I like Aaron Rogers and the Saints Browns. Is he better than what Derek Carr is he better what they have right now in Derek Carr? I mean, you, you never know you have Right. You have him a year removed from his, from his Achi injury. You got him two now two, Two years. Excuse me. Two years removed from Mr. Kid injury. Lemme see, you said the Browns? Yeah, I think J Jerry Judy would like that. David and Joe. Who would like that? Nick Chung would like that. I'm not sure how the fans would feel about it.


Chad, what y'all think? What, what y'all think Cro I Got, I mean that's, that's, I mean that's the only places I could think. I'm trying to, you know, rack my brain. The Broncos have their quarterback, the Chargers have their quarterback, obviously Mahomes, the Kansas City is entrenched. You go to the north, the Ravens have their quarterback, the Bengals have their quarterback. So maybe the Steelers, the Browns, you go to the a c South, right? Richardson is there. Tennessee Levies, but they have the number one pick. Are they gonna take a quarterback? No. So that's gonna be, so for me, Ocho, I, I, Hold on.


I just think the thing he have to make a decision, bro, make, are you gonna be serious about this? Right. Because I don't, I don't know. I don't know how, you know, not showing up and, and Oh ma mandatory means, you know, to mandatory means different things. No, that's mandatory. Doesn't mean different things to different people. Mandatory means exactly what it is required. What what about this chat. Chat. Tell me what y'all think about this. He goes from New Jersey, New York to the big Apple, New York. The Giants need a quarterback as well. What do you think That's a possibility? No. That they look, but I I'm sure they're gonna be looking because here's the thing, it's only temporary. Yeah.


It's like Ocho. It's just like that little tire you put that little donut on right now, that's not meant for you to drive around for months and months. Yeah. It's gonna get you where you need to go though. Get your ass to the, it's gonna get your ass to the the shop. Oh, these two ass and Jordan in my room, man. Gimme the life song. Then I got, then I in here Ash over here. I don't even know why I lot to come in my room. Oh man, I don't even know why I live in here. Ocho Yo Eagles system.


Autumn Lockwood becomes the first black woman to coach in a Super Bowl. Congratulations. Autumn couldn't happen to a nicer person. Congrats is Black History Month. Ooh. Lot been happening. Black History Month. Sharp Brothers became the first two brothers. African American brothers elected to a Hall of Fame. First two brothers to ever going to the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Congrat. Congrats. Congrats. I think I don't think is Ma is is Matt. Is is Felipe on Lu in the hall of Fame? I know there's two brothers that played mad and Felipe. I know Hank is, but I don't think his brother is. But Autumn, autumn Lockwood because the first black woman to coach in the Super Bowl.


Congratulations Autumn. We wanna make sure we give you your flowers. Very, very well deserved The Volume.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in depth school info. Perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources. They've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com We've done your homework.


You need Parts O'Reilly Auto Parts has parts need them fast. We've got fast. No matter what you need. We have thousands of professional parts. People doing their part to make sure you have it. Product availability, just one part that makes O'Reilly stand. The part, the professional parts people oh, Oh oh. Oly Auto Parts.